Supersonic Air Travel Is Finally Coming Back
Supersonic air travel is back. 15 years after the Concorde was grounded, everyone from aerospace companies to NASA to small startups is working to bring back ultrafast civilian aircraft. We take a look at the engineering challenges that make supersonic flight so difficult, and try to figure out what’s different about this new generation of planes.Corner enlargement in axial fans
Large Volume Fans increasingly become the source of sales for the company
–
The digital telephone and communication technology, with its high power requirements, would be unthinkable without external ventilation/cooling. Every known company working in this field uses the “Papst-Electronic Device Fan” right from the start. The heat dissipation of mobile base stations is no exception. Leading, European manufacturers like Siemens, Ericsson, Nokia, Alcatel, Telefonica or British Telcom become important costumers.
Because of its surrounding casing in the shape of a hub, the external rotor motor is especially suited for axial and radial fans. Hermann Papsts fan is made based on an external rotor motor in which the hub directly carries the fan blades. The soldered or welded fan wings add up to an excellent heat dissipation which again allows the motor to work at higher power levels.
Venturi shaped axial fans, i.e. with rotors inside of a cylindrical tube, were commonly used. But the market demanded a greater airflow output and more pressure while still using an unchanged mounting cross section. The first part of the solution was to maximise the impeller diameter in the cylindrical flow chamber, the second was to open the chamber towards the four corner mounting positions of the fan. The fan stayed compact but became quieter and more efficient. German Patent Nr. 1728338.
The external rotor motor was perfect for a broad variety of types of axial and radial fans. Fans with an external rotor motor are made up of less parts and are very well suited for economical manufacturing in large volumes. Papst MOTOREN & Co. KG became the most requested provider of cooling fans worldwide.
Firstly IBM-manufacturing plants located in European countries were supplied. The Computer-Division of IBM was convinced quickly to use the fans, because of the smooth running and the durability of their external rotor and satisfying further parameters like volume, pressure, and minimal noise design inside of the IBM type lever typewriter. Soon competitors like Hewlett, Packard, NCR, Digital and other international manufacturers followed and became costumers as well. In Germany Nixdorf, Siemens and all the other European manufacturers of Office and Computer Devices started to buy fans. In the beginning the fans were equipped with Capacitor-External Rotor Motors, later on with shaded pole windings. The programme was expanded with more efficient types, with shaded pole motors, Capacitor motors and later on with DC motor drives. In 1959/1960 the senior and junior partners Purdy called on the Papst-company to inform the directors that they were interested in selling the fans in the western part of the USA, because of their high quality. The exclusive marketing of fans for the USA and for Canada began on the basis of a contract for 50.000 fans.
Papst-Motoren & Co. KG approved their partner’s fan- marketing organisation divisions- and product name “Pamotor”, which soon expanded over the entire American continent. Accordingly every big city in the USA and Canada, already had the companies entire fan programme at their warehouses for the prototypes of new devices. A big advantage was that it had already approved the fan for the frequent production relocations to Europe which took place later on.
Thanks to the efficient External-rotor systems in axial and radial fans, not only the market share in the USA could be increased, even in Europe the company stayed the strongest main and sometimes even sole provider, when it came to axial fans, or fans for devices (for example with Siemens for all applications). The fans marketed as a component part with mounting dimensions and a product standardized for trade has had a positive development in Europe. With 25% of the blower sales volume it has become an important economic market segment.Description
On Offer Free Post | Jump 50g Standard Neck Turnout Rug
• Our most popular and the most value for money rug, with a 50G lightweight insulated filling. 100% Waterproof rug that not only keeps your horse dry but also ensures maximum warmth and comfort all year round.• 600D Ripstop Outer• Breathable and WR Nylon Lining• 3000 x 3000 Breathable and Waterproof
• Shoulder gusset
• Elasticated detachable leg straps
• Cross Surcingle’s
• Double buckle breast fasteningsIt was an amazing night, but the thrill of the night was to see a double glazed vinyl roof in my backyard.I thought it would be a fun addition to the backyard and I wanted to make sure I could make it happen.I bought some double glaze vinyl in bulk, and it was a big […]***Attn: This is an ARCHIVE page. Web links on this page may no longer work.***
Officially Speaking
ALSC Institute in Salt Lake
Education has always been a primary focus of ALSC, and it remains an essential goal identified in the association’s strategic plan. Historically, professional development opportunities for ALSC members have been limited to annual conference programs. While members continue to look forward to summer conference, it is apparent that our members need more. For example, some of our members have told us that they look forward to the ALSC Institute because it is smaller and more manageable than ALA. Since the institute is held every two years, the planning committee has the opportunity to canvas members and find out the type of programming that best fits their needs.
The 2008 institute was held in Salt Lake City in September, and the evaluations from the 265 attendees indicate that ALSC has once again provided outstanding learning opportunities for children’s librarians. (Check out the story on p. 56 of the November issue of American Libraries.) There were programs on blogging, library-friendly science experiments, graphic novels, and developing life-long readers.
One of the highlights of the conference was the “Breakfast for Bill” program, which will be a regular event at future institutes. Named in memory of William Morris, Vice-President and Director of Library Promotion at HarperCollins Children’s Books, this breakfast was reminiscent of the ones that Bill hosted at ALA Annual and Midwinter for over forty years. Since the majority of those at the breakfast never knew Bill, K.T. Horning from the Cooperative Children’s Book Center at the University of Wisconsin-Madison began the morning by delivering a “perfect” character sketch of him. The author-editor teams of Sharon Creech with Joanna Cotler and William Joyce with Laura Geringer spoke about their work relationship. Later, in an informal conversation, one of the authors asked how many people at the institute knew Bill. K.T. responded, “I never knew Frederick Melcher either, but I know his contribution to the world of children’s books.”
In other events at the institute, Christopher Paul Curtis, winner of the Newbery Medal for Bud, Not Buddy, and Laura Vaccaro Seeger, a 2008 Caldecott Honor recipient for First the Egg, gave keynote addresses, and a number of local and regional writers and illustrators autographed their works at a reception held at the Salt Lake City Public Library. There were networking opportunities, social functions such as line dancing, and plenty of door prizes. ALSC raffled off one of our online courses. The crowd erupted in applause when a woman from Bermuda won it. She was also the person who traveled the farthest to attend the institute.
ALSC extends our warmest thanks to Gene Nelson, Director of the Provo City Library, for chairing the team that put this conference together. His idea to create a western theme, complete with bandanas, denim shirts for staff, and a chuck wagon style barbecue made this so much fun. And the crowd could be quieted in a split second with Gene’s very loud “Yee-haw.” I also want to thank Aimee Strittmatter, ALSC Deputy Executive Director, for her hard work in planning the conference from the ALSC end. Diane Foote, ALSC Executive Director, Laura Schulte-Cooper, and Jenny Najduch from the ALSC staff, were all on hand to make everything run smoothly.
The next institute will be in Atlanta in 2010. Plans have already begun. Salt Lake City and Atlanta have both hosted the Olympics; now they’ll be dueling for bragging rights for the best ALSC Institute ever.— Pat Scales, ALSC President
Gifts that Keep on Giving
One December a woman called the Perrot Memorial Library in the affluent town of Old Greenwich, Connecticut, and put in a request for a popular novel. This was not unusual, but then she added urgently that when the book became available, the library should contact only her and speak to no one else at her residence. This also was not unusual for an institution that highly esteems privacy rights. However, the reason for the privacy was not at all ordinary. The woman said she intended to wrap the library book, place it under her Christmas tree, and return it to the library after her young, avid reader had finished it. Thinking frugally, she saw no reason to buy a popular book that would be read once and then put aside. The mother in Old Greenwich was definitely on to something, even though we all know that a beautifully wrapped library card would have been the most expansive gift of all.
It is a fact that our libraries are holiday gifts that keep on giving. In times of crisis, financial or otherwise, children’s librarians never fail to rise to the occasion, and they give much more than creatively conceived “temporary” holiday gifts. Currently we face both penny-pinching holidays and financial uncertainty. From the New York Times, reporting on the Queens Library System to the Natchez Democrat reporting on the Natchez Adams Wilkinson Library Service, newspapers are chronicling the expected spike in library use in hard economic times, particularly in children’s departments. This is not news to the nation’s children’s librarians. Many noticed a similar spike after 9/11 when parents and children, aching for normalcy and reassurance, packed library programs and clamored for booklists and services.
In formidable times the ALSC “brand” becomes even more relevant and prized. The professional organization that you own with your ALSC division membership has a core purpose that elegantly promises to “Create a better future for children through libraries.” ALSC works enthusiastically to expand the products and services that will move us toward this goal. Across America children’s materials and services are enriched by the work you join ALSC in advancing: the exceptional media evaluation and award committees; heartening initiatives such as El día de los niños/El día de los libros (Children's Day/Book Day); the work of leading edge committees like Children and Technology and Great Web sites for Kids; the committees giving professional awards and scholarships that bring newcomers to conferences and authors to children; and the essential committees that offer ALSC organizational support.
Keep in mind that the greatest impact is most guaranteed at times of greatest need. If you are reading this, you are a member of ALSC, but consider encouraging co-workers and colleagues to join or renew membership. Consider volunteering for one of our committees to help us broaden our reach. Consider that, in hard times, ALSC will support and inspire you when the demands of your library families and children reach new peaks. And thank all of you who help ALSC to make a better future for all children in the best of times and the worst of times. — Kate McClelland, ALSC Vice President/President Elect
Bright Ideas
Needle and ThREAD
In 2007, Jen Funk Weber, a children's book author and needlework designer, initiated a program called Needle and ThREAD: Stitching for Literacy with a dual goal to promote needlework and literacy. As part of this program, Weber hosts an annual Bookmark Challenge. During the challenge, independent needlework shops across America collect hand-stitched bookmarks from stitchers, and donate them to local libraries or schools where they are presented as rewards for reading accomplishments during Children's Book Week. Stitch shops also are encouraged to hold special events in conjunction with the challenge, such as stitch-ins, book clubs, contests, and outreach programs. During the 2008 challenge, a needlework shop and embroidery guild in Anchorage, Alaska, hosted free workshops at local libraries, teaching cross stitch to kids and parents. Needlework guilds organize programs in communities where there are no needle shops. The 2009 Bookmark Challenge is scheduled for March 19 through May 7.
Weber's Needle and ThREAD program is supported by The National Needlework Association (TNNA). Further information about the program can be found on the Needle and ThREAD Web site at.
Starting Out Right with Early Literacy
Reach Out and Read (ROR) is a national early literacy program that ties literacy to health: pediatricians and nurses advise parents that reading aloud is the most important thing they can do to help their children start school ready to learn. At every well-child check-up, health practitioners offer tips that encourage parents to read to their children, and the children receive a new book to keep.
For thirteen years, Multnomah County Library (Portland, Ore.) has offered ROR in partnership with the health department’s six county clinics; the library provides books and a coordinator to manage the program. Ellen Fader, Youth Services Director, learned about ROR at an ALA conference and ensures that the library’s Early Childhood Services unit, managed by Renea Arnold, has the resources it needs to operate the program.
“In Oregon, 40.3% of children age five years and under are living in families with an income below 200% of the federal poverty level. Reading rates vary by family income, with 51.5% of children living below 200% of the federal poverty level read to daily compared with 70.7% of children with family incomes of 400% of the federal poverty level or above.” [Reach Out and Read. Reading Across the Nation: A Chartbook (2007) -] Therefore, the Multnomah program targets families living in poverty, since they can lack the money to buy new books and may have more limited access to libraries.
ROR works. National research proves that children who otherwise would have been at high-risk for language delays were showing near-normal speech development. Additionally, mothers associated with the program were four times more likely to read to their children than those of similar economic circumstances not in ROR. To read more about the research, visit:.
In the past year, doctors and nurses working in Multnomah County health clinics have given children almost ten thousand books. Thanks to Reach Out and Read, health providers are making a positive difference in children’s developmental skills and preparing them for school success. If you are looking for a program to address income disparity and its effect on school readiness, Reach Out and Read offers a model you can use.— Written by Ronit Fahl, ROR Coordinator, submitted by Ellen Fader, Multnomah County Library, Portland, Ore.
Meet the Author!
To celebrate 2008 National Library Week the children's room at a branch of Sonoma County Library set up a display of children's books about books and libraries. In addition, they created a writing station for budding, young authors, consisting of a table covered with colored paper, pencils, crayons, and colored pencils. A display sign reading "Be an Author" and a basket of little blank books, made out of white scrap paper stapled together and taped with book tape, beckoned children to express their own creativity.
The book writing center is reminiscent of Daniel Kirk's book Library Mouse. In the story, Sam the mouse lives behind the children's reference desk and writes his own little books that he leaves for the children to read. The librarian wants to meet him on Meet the Author day, but Sam is shy. He makes a sign reading "Meet the Author" over a mirror in a box. Children look into the mirror, see themselves, and realize that they too can be authors.
Sonoma’s book writing station was quite a success. Staff created a shelf out of a cardboard box to store the finished books, in case the children return some day and ask, "Where is the book that I made?"
Some of the creative book titles included: “Life is like a stair case,” by Maritza; “Days gone by;” “My favorite fruit ??? What's your favorite fruit?” by Nina; “Once upon a frog;” and “My amazing life” by Lacy.
The project was very easy to do. It cost nothing since the library used scrap paper and already had the colored pencils, crayons, etc. A teen volunteer made books, decorated the signs and helped children with their books.— Bright Idea submitted by Kim Endoso, Sonoma County (California) Library, Santa Rosa
ALSC Voices
ALSC Profile
Annisha Jeffries
School Age Coordinator
Cleveland Public Library
ALSC membership: 5 years
Where did you attend library school?
University of Pittsburgh
What attracted you to library service to children?
When I was seven years old, my mother brought me to the library to get a library card and I was so happy. The librarian was so enthusiastic and kind, and she shared her love of reading and books with us. That experience changed my life and I knew from then on that I wanted to be a librarian.
Why did you join ALSC?
Because of the wonderful history of ALSC. I wanted to be a member because of true advocates for children. ALSC members are so committed, hard-working, and dedicated; that dedication attracted me.
What to you is the biggest reward of being a children's librarian?
When I get an opportunity to discuss with children what kind of books they like to read and introducing them to new and classic books.
What is your favorite job responsibility?
I like outreach. We have classes that visit our library for library tours or research tours, and I enjoy talking to them, getting to know what they like to read, and showing the children that a whole new world awaits them in a library and in books.
Do you have any advice or a helpful tip for library school students or new librarians just starting out?
Don't get discouraged if your story time or program doesn't work out the way you plan. Stay flexible in whatever you do. Don't be too rigid; always have fun and smile. One thing you don't want to have is a frown on your face when a child walks into your library.
What is your favorite children's book out this year so far?
We Are the Ship by Kadir Nelson.
What are your hobbies?
Crafting, reading (of course), watching movies from the 1970's
What three words best describe you?
Curious, Humorous, Kind
Hear Ye! Hear Ye
Member News/Field Notes
The Children's Services Department of the Allen County (Indiana) Public Library (ACPL) hosts a Mock Geisel Award blog at. It lists new books for beginning readers including an abstract, a cover image of each book, and publisher information. Comments are welcome! ACPL also hosts Newbery, Caldecott, and Sibert Mock Award Election blogs at;; and. Join in the discussions.
Libraries Unlimited recently published Summer Reading Renaissance: An Interactive Exhibits Approach written by ALSC member and library youth services consultant Rita Soltan. The book encourages children and families to read together for recreation, pleasure, and their own curiosity by focusing on a new model of programming based on a typical children's museum's interactive display theory.
Save the Date
ALA's youth media awards press conference, which includes announcements of ALSC's 2009 book and media award winners, will be held on Monday, January 26, 2009, 7:45 to 9 a.m. during the ALA Midwinter Meeting in Denver. Winners will be posted at by noon (Mountain time) that day.
Online Courses for February
Jump start your career with one of ALSC’s online education courses. The next round of classes, beginning in February, includes: “Reading Instruction and Children’s Books”; “The Newbery Medal: Past, Present and Future”; “The Technology Enhanced Library Professional”; and “Sharing Poetry with Children.”
Registration opens December 29. Course information is available at. Questions? Contact ALSC Deputy Executive Director Aimee Strittmatter at astrittmatter@ala.org.
ALSC Emerging Leader
Congratulations to ALSC’s 2009 Emerging Leader, Madeline Walton-Hadlock. She will receive $1,000 to attend ALA’s 2009 Midwinter Meeting and Annual Conference, and will work with peers on an Emerging Leader project relevant to ALSC and/or youth services in libraries.
Walton-Hadlock graduated from San José (Calif.) State University in 2006 with her master’s degree in library and information science. She is now a youth services librarian at San José Public Library, where she coordinates youth services for the English and Spanish speakers in the community. She has been active in ALSC as a member of the Children and Technology Committee, a participant in the William Morris Seminar, and a recipient of the 2008 Penguin Young Readers Group Award. She is also a member of the California Library Association (CLA).
It’s a New Day
ALSC is revising its El día de los niños/El día de los libros (Children's Day/Book Day) bilingual brochure. The updated material will feature new recommended book titles and resource Web sites, as well as an eye-catching new design. Print copies of the brochure will be available right after the ALA Midwinter Meeting in January by signing up on the Día Web site; click on "Día Celebrations." A PDF version of the brochure will be available to download free of charge at.
ALSC Budget Update
It’s not news that many ALSC members are experiencing budget difficulties in our own libraries and homes, but you may be wondering how the current economic conditions are affecting our association. While acknowledging the fact that ALSC ended fiscal year 2008 (9/1/2007 through 8/31/2008) slightly under budget, Executive Director Diane Foote recently reported to the ALSC Executive Committee that “In general, ALSC’s FY2008 financial difficulties seem to mirror what is happening across the association and the general economy, but ALSC remains generally fiscally healthy due to our large net asset balance, array of endowments supporting many of our activities, and diverse revenue sources.” Likewise, ALA Treasurer Rodney M. Hersberger stated in the November issue of American Libraries that “defensive” investments are keeping ALA and our fellow divisions “healthy financially.” We would like to echo those statements and assure our fellow members that despite the craziness and uncertainty of today’s financial environment, ALSC is financially positioned to continue to provide members with the tools, resources, and benefits we need, expect, and deserve.
At such times as these, members’ concern is certainly understandable, especially considering that many of our important initiatives and activities are supported by endowments that rely on interest made from principal to foot the bill. Rest assured that we anticipate weathering this financial storm as we have budgeted conservatively and maintained a relatively significant net asset balance of more than $1 million. ALSC has plans to transfer a portion of this balance into our endowments over the next few years in order to ensure the long-term sustainability of our programs and services. Additionally, we have the benefit of diverse revenue sources such as dues, publication and product sales, grants, and continuing education registration, and with fiscal year 2009 well underway are already experiencing successes such as the higher than expected registration at this fall’s phenomenal institute.
The fiscal year (9/1/08 through 8/31/09) budget picture is undoubtedly tight, and certainly some financial plans that we’ve been forecasting may have to be readjusted in the light of the current state of affairs. Your Budget Committee will be looking carefully at this before, during, and after our Midwinter meetings in Denver so that we can revise future projections if necessary and advise the ALSC Board responsibly.
Like Saruni in My Rows and Piles of Coins (Clarion, 1999), we continue to carefully watch our money so we can use it to benefit all of our kids, who need libraries now perhaps more than ever.— Sue Zeigler, ALSC Fiscal Officer, and Andrew Medlar, Chair, ALSC Budget Committee
Special Thanks!
The 2008 ALSC National Institute in Salt Lake City was a great success. We extend our sincere thanks to the Planning Task Force for making everyone's time in Salt Lake enjoyable and benficial. Task force members were Chair Gene Nelson, Director, Provo City Library; Carla Morris, Children’s Services Manager, Provo City Library; Nancy L. Peterson, Associate Professor, Utah Valley University; Deanna Romriell, Assistant Manager, Children's Department, Salt Lake City Public Library; and System
Scholastic Graphix
Sweet’s Quality Candies
Taffy Town
Toon Books
Tutor.com
Week of the Young Child
April 19-25, 2009, is designated as the Week of the Young Child (WOYC), but it’s time to be recruited to create an attractive display space.
- Begin with a simple phone call to childcare facilities and follow-up with a letter.
- Ask for child-created work only (no color-sheets or crafts from patterns), maybe children’s impressions after hearing a favorite story.
- Prepare a letter for childcare facilities to send home with children inviting parents, grandparents, aunts, and uncles to the library through the month of April.
- If art work has no "frame," back each piece with colored construction paper.
- Identify the child care facility(ies) providing the display pieces.
- Take pictures of families visiting to view the display and submit a favorite photo to Linda Mays at lmays@ala.org. [When sending photo(s), please be sure to provide a signed photo release form from the parent(s)/guardian(s).]
In addition to highlighting the importance of early education, this activity provides a terrific opportunity to attract caregivers and families of young children into your library. It also provides terrific photo opportunities for families and the media.
Week of the Young Child is a project of the National Association for the Education of Young Children. ().
Bits and Bytes
NASA Launches New Web site. With space shuttle missions continuing construction on the International Space Station and planned maintenance to the Hubble Space Telescope, the importance of spacewalks and the reliance on spacesuits are taking center stage. To help educators share these topics with young people, NASA Education has unveiled a new Web site:. The NASA Education Spacesuits and Spacewalks Web site brings a wealth of educational resources together in one place.
Visitors to the Web site can: educational activities; read about spacesuit designers and engineers who create and test spacesuits; and discover other NASA Web sites with information about spacesuits and spacewalks.
The Big Read. The Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS), in partnership with the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA), announces the fifth deadline for The Big Read. The purpose of The Big Read is to revitalize the role of literature in American popular culture. Grants ranging from $5,000 – $20,000 are available to encourage local communities to inspire reading by developing and carrying out programming revolving around a single work of literature. Programming must be conducted between September 2009 and June 2010. Big Read grants require the participation of a library as a lead applicant or a partner. The Request for Proposals is at. The proposal deadline is February 3, 2009. Questions should be directed to Arts Midwest at 612-238-8010 or TheBigRead@artsmidwest.org.
Getting Together
2009 Preconference
Plan to join ALSC for its 2009 Preconference, Meeting the Challenge: Practical Tips and Inspiring Tales on Intellectual Freedom, on Friday, July 10, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m., at the ALA Annual Conference in Chicago.
Hear strategies for addressing complaints and stories to strengthen resolve as author Judy Blume, librarians Carolyn Caywood, Carrie Gardner, and James LaRue, attorney and Freedom to Read Foundation board member John Horany, and others offer pragmatic advice and passionate perspectives on intellectual freedom.
“There will always be people who attempt to ‘censor’ what children read and view,” says ALSC President Pat Scales. “The best ammunition to use in fighting the ‘censorship war’ is knowledge. It is our responsibility as librarians to inform ourselves and transmit this knowledge to the young patrons we serve.”
Civil Rights Heroine to Keynote President’s Program
Only 52 years ago, fifteen-year old Melba Pattillo Beals faced down furious segregationists, the Arkansas National Guard, and the Governor of Arkansas to integrate Little Rock Central High School. A best-selling author, university professor, and Congressional Gold Medal of Honor recipient, Beals joins ALSC in July at the American Library Association (ALA) Annual Conference to discuss her fight for civil rights in the United States.
The ALSC Charlemae Rollins President’s Program featuring Beals is part of the ALA Auditorium Speaker Series and will take place on Monday, July 13, 2009, from 8:00 – 9:30 a.m. A Chicago children’s choir will perform songs from the civil rights movement to start the program.
Visit for more information as it becomes available.In this WorkShoppe we will be painting and assembling oversized whimsical poinsettias.
There will be 65+ Wise Owl VOC free paints to pick from. Each flower is approximately 4ft tall. After painting we will assemble the metal leaves and petals on the wooden stem.
All supplies are included. Please feel free to bring your snack and beverage of choice.
The class fee is $40. The fee is non-refundable and due upon registration. Class size is very limited to allow for proper hands-on instruction.
I can’t wait to see you at the workshoppe, we’re going to have so much fun! Thank you!!!
Dec. 14 & 15 10am - 2pm
1899 Mentone Blvd., Mentone , CA 92359The ABC in its infinite wisdom has started broadcasting its first run of the BBC’s Seven Ages Of Rock in the Silly Season, with episode one “The Birth Of Rock” shown last week and unfortunately not available on iView. However I was fortunate enough to catch it when broadcast.
Focussing on the explosion of Blues-based Rock from 1963-1970, “The Birth Of Rock” was a rocknerd’s delight, featuring rare performance footage, new and archive interviews with Keith Richards, Roger Daltrey, Ginger Baker etc. and insights from British rock writers including Charles Shaar Murray. I look forward to watching the rest of the series.Ke
Publisher Viking Penguin paid the former shadow home secretary £18,450 in March for 80 hours of work on “A Woman Like Me” – which is due to be released next June. This is equivalent to £225-an-hour.
The publisher secured the rights to the autobiography after a fierce bidding war between six firms, it has been claimed.
It is not known how much Ms Abbott – a close ally of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn – will finally receive and this is likely to be dependent at least partially on sales.
News of the payment came shortly after the outspoken MP for Hackney and Stoke Newington slammed Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s Budget.
In a comment piece for the Hackney Gazette, she claimed that it continued “the long and terrible tradition” of Tory governments “robbing people on average and low incomes and giving to the rich”.
She claimed the Conservative’s budget contained a “series of measures (which) clobber people who are already struggling”.
“The increase in national insurance is a whopping tax rise, and is unique in that only the ultra high-paid are protected from it,” she claimed.
“And we know that universal credit is being cut, which affects some of the poorest households including millions who are in work.”
Ms Abbott – who was Parliament’s first black female MP – concluded: “So, a good budget for bankers and the high paid who fly everywhere.
DON’T MISS:
Brexit LIVE: EU dares UK to show hand over ‘egregious’ ECJ threat [INSIGHT]
Brexiteer issues stark warning about risk of ‘unrest’ [REVEALED]
David Mellor cut off as he explodes at Trevor Philips in interview [VIDEO]
“For anyone else, it made a bad situation worse.”
News about Ms Abbott’s upcoming book emerged earlier this year.
Ahead of its release, a synopsis said it will track her life from “growing up in Sixties north London with her working-class Jamaican parents, before entering the hallowed halls of Cambridge University to study history.
“Ever since the day she first walked through the House of Commons as the only state-educated black woman MP, she has been a fearless and vocal champion for the causes that have made Britain what it is today.”
What do you think about the payment? Click here and tell us below.
It describes the book as an “honest and moving memoir” which “takes the reader through her incredible journey”.
The “candid account” is due to be published on the 35th anniversary of her election to Parliament.
The news isn’t the only large payday that Ms Abbott has earned.
In 2017 it emerged that she had been paid more than £110,000 in licence payers’ cash to appear on BBC between then and 2003.
The 68-year-old was also paid thousands speaking on expert panels
Express.co.uk has contacted Ms Abbott and the Labour Party for comment.
Source: Read Full ArticleHome Political science
Faced with the challenge of how to tackle a mounting budget deficit having cut income tax rates, and of delivering on electoral promises most of its ministers probably never expected to have to keep, the Major Government swiftly moved from pre-election tax-cutting largesse to post-election fiscal squeeze. Two months after the election, the cabinet adopted a new way of controlling public spending and a new medium-term spending plan which was redolent of the Medium Term Financial Strategies of the 1980s described in Chapter Eight.
The new arrangements, introduced by Norman Lamont based on work done by the Treasury's public spending team, were intended to avoid repeating the pattern of the later 1980s, in which (as noted earlier) the reduction of public spending relative to GDP during economic growth had been quickly reversed with the onset of recession. During the boom the government had accepted higher spending in constant price terms provided that the public spending/ GDP ratio was falling. According to Lamont (1999: 301-2), the new spending- control arrangements were intended to avoid repeating that pattern, and also to adapt to a changed political dynamic within the cabinet, from a position in which Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher had mostly sided with her Chancellor in efforts to impose restraint on spending ministers in cabinet battles to one in which John Major was more inclined to side with spending ministers against the Chancellor.
To deal with the first issue, Lamont reclassified public spending by dividing it into cyclical and non-cyclical public spending, with increases in the latter to be restricted to less than the long-term rate of growth in the UK economy as a whole, and the former intended to shrink in boom years to offset its growth during recessions (Lamont (1999): 300). According to Lamont, John Major refused to contemplate cuts in spending in constant-price terms, so Lamont pressed for a highly restrictive three year target for non-cyclical spending ('the New Control Total'), with a real-terms freeze over the following two years and growth limited to 1 per cent per year thereafter. The cabinet agreed in principle to this target in July 1993—but that left open all the subsequent autumn negotiations over individual spending settlements.
To deal with those negotiations, Lamont initiated a new cabinet committee procedure for handling departmental spending bids, that was a variant on the use of such committees in earlier eras and particularly of the so-called 'Star Chamber' system of adjudicating spending conflicts in a cabinet committee that had been adopted in 1982 but fell into disuse as spending control relaxed in the late 1980s (Thain (2010): 51-2). As with earlier spending control arrangements, the new system introduced in 1993 began with an overall total for spending agreed by cabinet in advance of later bilateral negotiations between the Treasury and spending departments. What was different was that that envelope now comprised the non-cyclical element of spending, the 'New Control Total'. The later political process consisted of departmental spending bids for funding from that total being considered by a special cabinet committee called 'EDX'. EDX included the Chief Secretary of the Treasury, some non-spending ministers and a few experienced cabinet heavyweights and was chaired by the Chancellor himself (in a departure from the system operating since the early 1960s when a second cabinet minister in the Treasury, the Chief Secretary, had dealt with the nitty-gritty of bilateral spending negotiations with departments each autumn). As with the 'Star Chamber' system of the 1980s, ministers could not join the Committee until they had agreed their own spending plans, meaning that 'holdouts' could expect to face a relatively unsympathetic committee of ministers who had already settled their budgets, and with a smaller pot of available cash left in the New Control Total (Thain and Wright (1995): 294-306).
A few months after the election, a severe currency crisis dramatically changed the political backdrop to fiscal policy. In September 1992, the pound, along with the Italian lira, suddenly crashed out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM)—a system of fixed exchange rates that was a precursor of the euro, and which the UK had entered in 1989 under John Major's Chancellorship. That currency collapse took place in conditions of panic and recrimination, after the Treasury had spent some ?27bn of reserves in an unsuccessful attempt to keep the currency above its then agreed lower limit relative to the Deutschmark.
Many have commented on the economic effects of this currency collapse, with some arguing that the discipline imposed by ERM membership had benefits to the UK that outlasted the UK's membership of the ERM and others arguing that the cut in interest rates and currency devaluation that followed exit from the ERM boosted the UK economy (Budd 2004; Stephens 1997). But irrespective of any such economic effects, the episode had lasting and damaging political consequences for the Conservatives in general and more particularly for the prime minister and Chancellor. The Party's 1992 election manifesto had stated unequivocally that 'membership of the ERM is... central to our counter-inflation discipline', and pledged that, 'In due course, we will move to the narrow bands of the ERM'. The dramatic and ignominious collapse of a major plank of economic policy destroyed what had previously been a clear Conservative lead over Labour on economic competence in the opinion polls for more than a decade (Green and Jennings 2016), and in that sense can be seen as the equivalent for the Conservatives of what the 1976 IMF bailout had been for Labour.
Support for the Conservatives in Gallup polls plunged from 43 per cent in September to 29 per cent in October, opening up a strong Labour lead which persisted with only brief interludes for the next fourteen years. More particularly, the currency's exit from the ERM severely damaged the political career of the Chancellor, who, unlike James Callaghan after the devaluation of 1987, remained at the Treasury for a further six months despite widespread calls even in the Conservative press for his departure (Castle 1992). According to Lamont, the main reason for his continuance at the Treasury was to serve as a lightning rod to divert blame for the ERM fiasco away the prime minister, who as Chancellor had enthusiastically led the UK into the ERM.[1] Lamont was finally sacked after a disastrous by-election defeat for the Conservatives the following May.
After the ERM debacle, the government tried to regain the political initiative by turning its 1992 autumn expenditure statement into a mini-budget. Following one four-hour cabinet meeting and two other shorter ones, that Autumn Statement was peppered with energetic rhetoric about stimulating investment and growth by protecting capital spending,[2] but what the figures showed was a plan to keep overall expenditure virtually flat in real terms. That Statement marked the start of the 'soft' expenditure squeeze beginning in 1993 that we noted in Chapter Two. The squeeze involved holding down the non-cyclical part of public spending to less than the long-term rate of GDP growth as the economy recovered, and indeed adopting a standstill in such spending in real terms for 1993/94. Lamont failed to get cabinet support for big cuts in defence spending after the collapse of the USSR, but the cabinet agreed to a measure of non-fiscal austerity in the form of a 1.5 per cent cap on public sector pay rises, and cabinet ministers, senior civil servants, judges, and senior military officers received no pay increase at all.
Even then, the short-term effect of the spending plans, coupled with high cyclical spending resulting from the recession, meant a likely budget deficit of 7 to 8 per cent of GDP in 1993/94 (a number not revealed in the Autumn Statement, and not greatly different from what had occurred under the Labour Government of the 1970s (Lamont (1999): 333). And it was that expected deficit that seems to have triggered a squeeze on the revenue side as well for the following year's budget. So instead of the Labour 'tax bombshell' presaged by the Conservatives in the 1992 election campaign, the 1993 budget contained a Conservative 'tax bombshell'.
The 1993 budget reflected a strategy (probably reflecting the outcome of political negotiations over spending rather than a formula agreed in advance by cabinet) to reduce the deficit by two years of hard tax squeeze combined with a soft spending squeeze. That budget was also notable for the fact that it planned staged tax increases over three years rather than all at once—the revenue equivalent of the 'boiling frogs' approach discussed in Chapter One. The tax changes seem to have been intended to raise extra revenue approximating to that of Geoffrey Howe's 1981 budget discussed in the previous chapter, increasing revenue by 1 per cent of GDP as well as in constant prices (a 'hard' tax squeeze in our analytic terminology).[3] Measures to take effect in 1993/94 included freezing income tax allowances and the threshold for inheritance tax (as had been applied in the 1981 budget, albeit at a much higher rate of inflation), reducing tax offsets for mortgage interest payments, and increasing taxes on alcohol, tobacco, gaming machines, and fuel. Also—taking a step which resembled Denis Healey's sale of BP shares in 1977 in that it opened up a precedent that would be seized upon and taken much further by the next government—tax credits which pension funds could claim from dividend payments on which tax had already been paid were reduced by five percentage points, intended to boost the tax take by some ?1bn a year.
For the later part of the multi-year 'tax wedge' plan for increasing revenue built into this budget, measures to take effect in FY 1994/95 included higher compulsory National Insurance contributions for employees (but not employers) and—most controversially—levying VAT on domestic energy bills for the first time, at 8 per cent. Further, the Finance Bill provided for a further major increase in VAT on domestic energy from 8 to 17.5 per cent in the following year (FY 1995/96), with accompanying but non-specific promises of compensation for those who would be particularly hard hit by this tax hike.
Reflecting on the political calculations that lay behind this 'tax wedge' strategy, Norman Lamont (1999: 336 and 345) writes that this tax squeeze was dictated by the limits of what the cabinet was prepared to accept in spending cuts, and that the scale of the revenue increases needed could only be realized from 'big-ticket' items such as National Insurance contributions, income tax, or VAT. Raising income tax rates was ruled out because it would run contrary to a central plank of Conservative policy since 1979, and when it came to possible VAT increases, the political judgement was that there were no obviously less unpopular alternatives to levying VAT on energy bills. Moreover, Lamont and his colleagues thought there was a greater risk of Conservative backbench revolts if VAT was applied to a range of other items that had previously been exempt rather than concentrated on domestic energy.
Lamont's memoirs also reflect on the blame risks that were run by the staged ('boiling frogs') approach to tax increases adopted in the 1993 budget. By comparison with the one-shot 'surgery without anaesthetics' approach (as in the 1981 budget), 'The stringing out of the tax increases meant that criticisms of the Conservatives "breaking their election promises" were regularly repeated throughout the rest of the Parliament and were still fresh in voters' minds at the subsequent (1997) general election' (Lamont 1999: 357).[4] Further, phasing the imposition of VAT on energy bills ran the political risk that the second stage could be reversed at a later date by a backbench revolt. And that was exactly what did happen in 1994, in the form of an amendment to the Finance Act allowing a further vote on the second stage of the VAT increases, when the second proposed increase (to 17.5 per cent) was defeated by Conservative backbenchers. As a result, the eventual fiscal squeeze was much less severe than Lamont originally planned in 1993.
Related topicsEach neighborhood in Rocking K is named and street-themed to provide a sense of place and connection with the land and its unique story.
Relocating?
Interested in relocating to Tucson, AZ? Contact us or visit any number of websites dedicated to supporting your move: tucsonrelocationguide.com or thisistucson.com or tucsonmetrochamber.org Tucson is a friendly, welcoming community with many resources available to assist in your transition to Rocking K.Doctor’s Profile
Fernando L Gonzalez, MDUrology
1010 Spruce St, Espanola, NM 87532
Call CareLynk to schedule an appointment.
Call CareLynk toCall (800) 670-6427
schedule an appointment
schedule an appointment
Profile ID: 361042
About
Dr. Fernando Gonzalez, MD, is a Urology specialist in Española, New Mexico. He attended and graduated from Northwestern University Medical School in 1985, having over 34 years of diverse experience, especially in Urology. He is affiliated with many hospitals including St Vincent Hospital, Holy Cross Hospital A Div Of Taos Health Systems, Presbyterian Espanola Hospital, Presbyterian Hospital. Dr. Fernando Gonzalez also cooperates with other doctors and physicians in medical groups including Presbyterian Healthcare Services. Dr. Fernando Gonzalez accepts Medicare-approved amount as payment in full.
Insurance
Call 800-562-9267 to learn more about the insurance plan(s) they accept.
Clinics
- 1010 Spruce St, Espanola, NM 87532
Specializations
- Urology
Education
- Northwestern Univ Med Sch, Chicago Il 60611, 1985
- Nyu Hospitals Center, Urology
Hospital Affiliations
- St Vincent Hospital
- Holy Cross Hospital A Div Of Taos Health Systems
- Presbyterian Espanola Hospital
- Presbyterian Hospital
Languages Spoken
Board Certifications
- Urology.You are a Hindu, a divine existence who emerged from the Supreme Soul (Bhagwan Krishna himself) who never dies, soul is eternal and body is the vehicle to follow Karmic duties in the present Yoni. A Hindu is a lion who roars and rules wherever he stays. No one can demean him or revoke him from following the path of Dharma.. Life of a slave is worst than a caged bird.
A Hindu is one who believes in one Bhagwan who incarnates, as and when He feels fit, in the shape and form He wants to establish Dharma. Bhagwan..
for giving justice dharmaraj yamaraj is there.you cannot expect justice in a society run by naked,half naked feminists and their pet dogs or athesists.you should take the advantage of the holy names of lord krishna and try to get liberation.you all are not lord kalki.don’t waste your precious human life in changing the destiny which is impossible.a true man should never bow before evil in any conditions no matter how powerful the evil is.a man or nara should be impotent only in front of lord narayana or god..
Wish you can write an article on the current scourge of the planet namely the LGBT movement. Only a devil gets attracted to the same sex. A man with XY is a man and a person of XX is a woman. Period. Today you have fluid genders, LGBT movements in the most religious of hindu cities like Madurai, where there are gay parades, it is being lauded as something great and open minded. The stupid bollywood celebs are lauding this movement and crticizing the court for not legalising this devilish behavior. Initially AIDS was called the Gay immune deficiency syndrome and orginated amidst the gays, but now it has been altered as Acquired immune deficiency to appease the gays. Kids are being brainwashed via media , TV ads and by schools in the western countries into selecting LGBT too as mainstream lifestyle. Children are confused about genders and males are cross dressed as girls and vice versa. Gays have the highest rate of AIDS, and suicidality. It is not a lifestyle, it is a mental illness. I am sure this has not found any mention in our scriptures, for our sages never found the need to address this for society was never so debased as it is today.
Good information we should correct scientific errors from our vedic texts like vedas, puranas, ithihas etc by reviving sanskrit and debunking fake errors created by anti vedic historians. We should also stop atheism which is not the concept of our motherland. Science and bhakti were never conflict in the country. Some people are spreading western type athesim recently termed as secular humanist which is anti vedic. We should fight them also.
Hare Krishna
Prateek
Radhe Radhe Prateek Ji
Yes it is gradual process and will take time to rectify the same. We will surely do it one day. We need to dedicate more time in spreading awareness with simple concepts before unraveling advance and complex concepts of our great scripts. We are not even taking baby steps to get this done, (we means govt and all Hindu brothers and sisters of Bharat). However we can dedicate some time from our life for this purpose. By next 2 generations things will be changed visibly – it is indeed uphill tasks as lakhs of shlokas are to be deciphered. Nothing is impossible.
Jai Shree Krishn
Dear sir, you are doing a great job by hosting this website and publishing valuable information fearlessly. Request you to initiate a process to form a team comprising different people from all walks of life to defend our Hindu society. now we need to protect ourselves from our own secular political parties. we need to conduct meetings to inculcate the self respect and also to expose the divisive politics of the so called secular political parties, without power we can’t protect our selves.we need to unite the Hindu society, which is divided due to cast ism and poverty. Our’s is a society having more than 80 crores of people. even half of the people donates Rs.10/- a month, an amount of Rs.4,800/- crores fund could be collected which is enough for a decade to maintain a force, which will defend us. we need to extend a helping hand to the families of our brothers who are languishing in jails booked under frivolous cases.
But sir my question is that how this it could b possible that holy & sacred Upanishads says that there is no image of him ( god) & also he is one
But on the on the other hand Vedas says that he exist in superior of all in three visible & particularly defined physically shaped form i.e. brahma ,vishnu & mahesh
Than from where these images & shapes of gods had come from ( which we worship today) if there is no definable form of god ,he is nirakar according to holy Upanishads?????
Waiting for ur humble rply…..
Shri lalit Kumar hari bhakt g
Firstly I really appreciate the blogs & posts which u provide us day by day to enhance our knowledge & make us to understand our traditionally rich & great religion “sanatan dharma”
But sir in last of the few days i came in the front of a confusion followed by a contradiction last week I met a mulla means a qazi who was sitting on our shop & without any invitation of doing so chanting & flauntig the nolez of his Koran
He said many things directly or indirectly,to insult or to dis grace our culture ,rituals & our traditional vedic beliefs but each & every time with the help of knowledge gained by me from your such a lovely ,useful ,great website & articles posted on it , I reversed back each & every comment of his back on to him only due to which every single time he was forced to watch the ground .
But sir one thing among his quest.s at which i became quiet was that he asked me that one the one hand u people say that “ishwar ek h or uska koi aadi ant nahi WO nirakar parbrahm h , jiska matlab hua ki uska koi roop ,koi tasveer ya koi aakar(shape) b nahi honi chhaiye ‘.
” to for tum Brahma ,Vishnu ,mahesh or baki sabhi devi devtaon ki murti banakr puja kaise kr sakte ho jab uska koi aakar hi nahi???
& Sir this quest of his created more confusion & contradiction in my mind when i downloaded an PDF file after googling so much about this
which gives the explanations on the concept of god in diff religion & in it also I came across various things like –
Upanishads says –
1)”Ekam evaditiyan”
i.e.(‘ he is only one without a second’)
[chandogya Upanishads 6:2:1]
2)”Na casya kasuj ganita na cadipah”
i.e.(‘of him there are neither parents nor lord’)
[Svetasavatara Upanishad 6,9] [part 2nd page 263]
Yajurved says-
“Na tasya pratima asti”
i.e.(‘there is no image of him’)
[Yajurved 32:3]
“Also is bodyless & pure ”
[Yajurved 40:8]
But sir
Rigved explains the existence of lord Brahma ,Vishnu & Mahesh with their significance as creator, sustainer & destroyer with their bodylee structures & how they looks like…. which is against the verses of Upanishads &y
Yajurved
But sir how could it be possible that two or the other scriptures of the same religion contradicts each other
Please sir explain these facts also & clear my confusions
Eagerly waiting your reply…..
Radhe Radhe Paurush Ji,
There is no contradiction.
Before manifestation Niraakar roop of Shree Krishna (Bhagwan Shiv) takes care of Shunyata.
After manifestation, Saakar roop of Shree Krishna (Bhagwan Shiv) takes care of everything.
Saakar and Niraakar roop of Bhagwan is explained in Vedas, Hindu scripts and Puranas in detailed manner.
Bhakts of Saakar Roop praise with the mantras of Saakar Bhagwan.
Bhakts of Niraakar Roop praise with the mantras of Niraakar roop.
There is always Bhagwan before and after manifestation.
All mantras are correct and represent presence of Saakar or Niraakar roop of Bhagwan.
Praying Saakar roop of Bhagwan is for the common people, who find it easy to dhyan Bhagwan while Niraakar roop dhyan is done by Siddh Yogis. The Dhyan of Niraakar roop is not possible by common materialistic beings who are filled with hatred, material love, jealousness and greed. Moreover since we are product of Manifested world, it is very difficult to imagine the niraakar roop of Bhagwan and requires decades of penance with brahmacharya austerity.
Jai Shree Krishn
according to capt aajit vadakayil blow website…fake information and thousand hindu peoples following his website and accepted .. so sad
even agniveer website also same bad website fake information same hindu peoples following his website,,,,
what we do?
should we call to Government and both peoples in Jail ,,,
both lived in india,,
Radhe Radhe Gaurav Ji,
What are you trying to convey. You can use Hindi words in case of any apprehension on using english. What you want to suggest ?
Jai Shree Krishn
hello, do u have website that where MahaShiva purana’s inside 4-5 color print pics show on gita press. if u know send me ebsite
when looking or watching at pic…Hindu Bharat vs Anti-Vedic Caveman and saying Proud to be hindu..
it make me Emotional Feel :'(Dave Mirra BMX Challenge
From Dolphin Emulator Wiki
D.
Problems
There are no reported problems with this title.
Configuration
This title does not need non-default settings to run properly.
Version Compatibility
The graph below charts the compatibility with Dave Mirra BMX Challenge since Dolphin's 2.0 release, listing revisions only where a compatibility change occurred.
Testing
This title has been tested on the environments listed below:
Gameplay Videos
Categories:
- Left Field Productions (Developer)
- Crave Entertainment (Publisher)
- North America (Release region)
- Australia (Release region)
- Europe (Release region)
- 505 Games (Publisher)
- Dave Mirra (Series)
- 2007 (Initial release year)
- Sports (Genre)
- BMX (Genre)
- Single-player (Game mode)
- Multiplayer (Game mode)
- 4 (Players supported)
- Wii Remote (Input supported)
- 5 stars (Rating)
- Tested On (Release): 5.0
- Tested On (OS): Windows
- Tested On (CPU): Intel
- Tested On (GPU): NVIDIA
- Tested
- Untested for 10000+ revisions
- Wii games: Entersekt
Entersekt, an innovator in mobile-first fintech solutions, today announced the addition of payments and digital identity veteran Christian Ali as its country manager of Canada.
His appointment comes in support of Entersekt’s ongoing expansion into the United States and Canadian markets and the establishment of important strategic partnerships in North America and further afield.
Ali has spent more than 20 years in the payments and digital identity spaces building high-performance technical and business teams and launching innovative and award-winning payments and authentication solutions in Canada and abroad. His background includes executive roles at Dream Payments, SecureKey, and EnStream.
Entersekt was the first company in the world to launch interactive transaction authentication using the mobile phone. Today, it helps to protect tens of millions of online and mobile users in 45 countries, including the United States.
“We are more connected than ever before, but with new devices and services coming online all the time we’re seeing an alarming increase in breaches of financial accounts and personal data”, said Ali. “Digital service providers like banks must constantly balance user friction against risk as consumers demand ever greater convenience.”
“At the core of Entersekt’s offering is a mobile identity platform designed not only to secure sensitive digital interactions but to help service providers roll out more customer-centric user experiences,” he explained.
“We’re excited to have Christian leading our expansion into Canada,” said Schalk Nolte, CEO of Entersekt. “His professional background and know-how fit perfectly with Entersekt’s mission to enable engaging digital experiences on an industry-leading security platform.”
Ali concluded: “I am thrilled to be joining Entersekt at this pivotal time in both banking and identity provision, and I look forward to working with our partners and customers to enable a safe, secure, and trusted digital ecosystem for Canadians.”
Sponsored: [New Report] The Future of Wealth Management 2022
Write a blog post about this story (membership required)
6 downloads
1 downloads
163 downloadsAudi e-tron Sportback concept: familiar electric recipe in Shanghai
Some SUV traits here, a coupé shape there and electric tidbits to top that off
Nowadays, any vehicle described as a prototype hides an electric powertrain, whether it's an SUV or the quirk they now call SUV-coupé. You can bet your lunch money on that just by looking at the Audi e-tron Sportback which previews a production model coming in 2019.
Trying not to fall behind group companions Porsche, Skoda and Volkswagen, Audi used this year's Auto Shanghai to introduce its own version of an all-electric SUV.
It's a previously used recipe in the sense that the e-tron Sportback study promises a maximum range of 310.7 miles (that's a little over 500 km) courtesy of a liquid-cooled 95 kWh Li-ion battery pack positioned under the floor, between the axles.
Three electric motors draw their juice from the battery - one mounted on the front axle and the other two sitting between the rear wheels - and pile up a total output of 320 kW (around 430 hp).
These performances are also boostable to 370 kW (496 hp) and 800 Nm (590 lb‑ft) for a limited amount of time.
In boost mode, the concept charges from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 4.5 seconds while top speed has been restrained to 210 km/h (130.5 mph).
As you'd expect, the cockpit exudes futuristic flavors courtesy of a pair of TFT and OLED (10-inch) displays that shape Audi's virtual cockpit and the vehicle's infotainment system.The Income Tax Department carried out a search and seizure operation on 18.09.2021 on a leading business house of India involved in manufacture of textile and filament yarn having corporate offices in Delhi, Punjab and Kolkata.
During the course of the search operation, many incriminating documents, loose sheets, diaries, digital evidences etc have been recovered which indicate involvement of the group in routing of unaccounted funds back in its Indian entities, possession of foreign bank accounts unreported to the Department. Substantial evidence of transactions outside the books of accounts, cash transactions in land deals, bogus expenses debited in books of accounts, unaccounted cash expenditure, accommodation entries taken from entry operators have been gathered.
The group has maintained unaccounted funds of about Rs. 350 crore in its foreign bank accounts and has also routed these funds back into its business through shell entities in tax havens. The modus operandi detected was related to investment by foreign entities, under control of the group, in Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds, issued by its main concern, and subsequently under the garb of defaulting on payments, converting it into shares of the company. It was also seen that foreign companies and trusts were being paid management fees for managing the unaccounted funds. Though there is a specific requirement of disclosing foreign assets owned/managed in the form of companies and bank accounts in Schedule FA in Income Tax Returns, the same has not been disclosed by the group to the Department.
Details of accounts related to unexplained personal expenditure in cash were found to be meticulously maintained in one of the main offices of the company. Evidence has been gathered that cash of about Rs. 100 crore was generated by debiting bogus expenditure in company accounts and cash transactions in land deals.
The search operation is still continuing and further investigations are in progress.Tags : MiscellaneousMercury in your mouth - is it making you sick?
Mercury in the environment comes in 3 forms, methyl mercury (organic mercury), inorganic mercury (aka mercuric salts) and elemental mercury. Dental amalgam is a combination of metals; 50% elemental mercury, with the balance being comprised of silver, tin, copper and a trace amount of zinc.
There has been controversy over the use of mercury in dental fillings ever since 1826, when a Parisian dentist combined it with silver, copper and other metals to form a paste. Seven years later, two brothers in New York city (with no dental experience) began to promote mercury as a cheap alternative to gold fillings. By the end of the 1830s, the use of mercury amalgam was common place in the United States, as not only was it cheap and strong, it took less time and skill to put them in than gold fillings. Dentists of the time were appalled by the thought of using a known poison in the body of there patients, and in the 1840s the American Society of Dental Surgeons required its members to sign a waiver to not use it in their practices. Many dentists refused to sign because they believed mercury's low cost would benefit the poor and themselves. The debate caused such a schism in dentistry that the Society eventually folded, leaving the door open for the formation of the American Dental Association (ADA) in 1859, who immediately defended the use of mercury containing amalgam, helping to establish it as a popular dental filling by the end of the 1800s (Null & Feldman 2002).
Despite numerous studies that have shown amalgam fillings are not stable or safe, and that mercury vapors are released, with Vimy & Lorscheider (1985) stating “the amount of elemental mercury released from dental amalgam exceeds a major percentage of internationally accepted threshold limit values for environmental mercury exposure. This confirms previous studies carried out by Svare et al (1981), who observed that the mercury content in the expired air of 40 people with amalgams was 15.6 times higher after chewing than that of the controls, whose readings remained unchanged. In 1996, Gebel & Dunkelberg found that amalgam carriers who chewed gum had urinary mercury levels twice that of controls with a similar mercury burden who didn't chew gum, this showing that the more gum you chew, the more mercury vapour is released.
"The ADA claims that when mixed with other metals the amalgam fillings form a biologically inactive substance," said Dr. Tano Lucero (a former research chemist and industrial hygienist for OSHA who later became president of Bio-Ethics Medical Center in Scottsdale, Arizona), during an interview with Gary Null (Null & Feldman 2002). "This is simply not true. Is elemental mercury escaping from filling material? The answer is an absolute YES!... Having worked for OSHA for 17 years, never have I witnessed anything of the magnitude of resistance in acknowledging the danger of toxicity in silver amalgams as by the ADA."
Blaylock disputes this, stating “a number of studies have shown blood levels and oral levels of mercury are substantially higher when chewing ordinary gum and even a piece of rubber tubing. Hot liquids or foods also have been proven to substantially raise oral mercury vapor levels as well as blood levels”. According to Patterson et al (1985), even the simple act of brushing the teeth can cause mercury vapors to be released from amalgam fillings.
A replacement material for amalgam fillings was discovered, a material known as composite resin, containing Bisphenol A, a chemical which has been found to mimic hormones in the body. It is suspected that these xenoestrogens, which are also present in plastic food wrap, food cans, and plastic food containers can be harmful in small amounts. Olea (1999) and Steinmetz (1998)
It was once said that the danger of mercury leaking from amalgam fillings was not viable, that the mercury used in fillings is inorganic, so is not absorbed by the human body, unlike the organic mercury (methyl mercury) that is found in fish (Preston (2005). The assumption that the mercury used in amalgams is inorganic is incorrect (it is elemental mercury), as is the conviction that the non organic mercury can do no harm due to its chemical nature. It has been known since 1975 that organisms of the mouth and intestines can convert elemental mercury into methylmercury (Peaker & Linzell 1975), which can then be absorbed in the gastrointestinal system. The vapor of elemental mercury is also absorbed rapidly and easily through the lungs where it is distributed throughout the human body crossing both the placenta and blood brain barrier (EPA 1997).
Osborne & Albino (1999) Dentists are among the victims of mercury poisoning, a 10 year study showed, that dentists have the highest suicide rates amongst all college educated professionals, concluding that the mental health consequences of mercury exposure among dentists should be investigated further. Related studies indicate that dentists may be more vulnerable to stress and consequent depression than members of other professions (Shurtz et al 1986), and a study of dentists in private practice in South Africa found that 10 percent had suicidal thoughts. Moller & Spangenberg (1996)
In 1995, a study documented the behavioral effects of low-level mercury exposure on dentists working with amalgam, revealing significant defects, including poor mental concentration, emotional lability and mood problems in the mercury-exposed dentists compared with a control group of non-amalgam dentists (Echeverria et al 1995). A follow-up cross-study was carried out by Bittner et al (1998), which found that long-term exposure to amalgam can make dentists' hands unsteady, which can affect their manual dexterity. Researchers found remarkable differences in psychomotor performance between the amalgam and non-amalgam dentists.
Before deciding to replace amalgam please consult you dr or dentist to ensure the health implications and consider seeing a naturopath to support you on the decision you make.
Blaycock (2005) genetics play a part in reducing a persons susceptibility to the effects of mercury. He also states that selenium has been shown to significantly lower brain mercury levels and reduce its toxicity.
Balch (2000), recommends the use of Vitamin E, in the form of d-alpha-tocopherol, as it works with selenium to neutralize mercury within the body.
Clark (1997) recommends supplementing with glutathione, as studies have shown that mercury by-products resulting from amalgam corrosion are 50 times as toxic to the same cell cultures when glutathione is removed.
The ADA’s defence of mercury in dental amalgams is:
"When mercury is combined with the metals used in dental amalgam, its toxic properties are made harmless." (ADA 1984)
“Mercury in dental fillings is combined with silver and copper, and is transformed into a stable metal material that is not easily released into the oral cavity. Therefore, it is not harmful." what do you think?
“only chewing nicotine gum significantly increases mercury vapor release in the mouth.”
“amalgam does release small amounts of mercury, but this evaporation stops as soon as the filling is coated by saliva.” (ADA's Guide to Dental Materials and Devices) Sound right?
Now i don't know about you, but maybe its a good time to investigate your shiny silver things in your month a little further. How is your memory? coordination? do you sleep well at night? does your skin itch? feeling stress and don't know why?
Now might be a time to book a consultation with your naturopath and get to the root cause of your ill health.
References
Bittner AC, Echeverria D, Woods JS, et al: Behavioral effects of low-level exposure to Hg0 among dental professionals: a cross-study evaluation of psychomotor effects. Neurotoxicol Teratol, 1998 Jul-Aug; 20(4): 429-39.
Blaycock, R. (M.D.) 2005. Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics About Mercury
Clark, J. 1997 Chronic Mercury Poisoning – a Nutritional Review
Vimy MJ, Lorscheider FL: Serial measurements of intra-oral air mercury: estimation of daily dose from dental amalgam. J Dent Res, 1985 Aug; 64(8): 1072-5.
Echeverria D, Heyer NJ, Martin MD, et al: Behavioral effects of low-level exposure to Hg0 among dentists. Neurotoxicol Teratol, 1995 Mar-Apr; 17(2): 161-8.
EPA (United States Environemntal Protection Agency) 1997. Mercury Study Report to Congress : Health Effects of Mercury and Mercury Compounds.
Gebel T, Dunkelberg H: Influence of chewing gum consumption and dental contact of amalgam fillings to different metal restorations on urine mercury content. Zentralbl Hyg Umweltmed, 1996 Nov; 199(1): 69-75.
International Academy of Oral Medicine and Toxicology (IAOMT). 2005
Moller AT, Spangenberg JJ: Stress and coping amongst South African dentists in private practice. J Dent Assoc S Afr, 1996 Jun; 51(6): 347-57.
Motorkina AV, Barer GM, Volozhin AI: Patterns of mercury release from amalgam fillings into the oral cavity. Stomatologiia (Mosk), 1997; 76(4): 9-11.
Null, G. (Ph.D.) and and Feldman, M. (M.D) 2002. Mercury Dental Amalgams Analyzing the Debate
Olea, N. 1999. Comments on "Estrogenicity of resin-based composites and sealants used in dentistry": Response. Environmental Health Perspectives 107, pA290-A292.
Osborne JW, Albino JE: Psychological and medical effects of mercury intake from dental amalgam. A status report for the American Journal of Dentistry. Am J Dent, 1999 Jun; 12(3): 151-6.
Patterson JE, et al: Mercury in human breath from dental amalgam. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol, 1985 Apr; 34(4): 459-68
Peaker M, Linzell JL: Biosynthesis and degradation of methylmercury in human feces. Nature, 1975 Feb 6; 462-4.
Preston, D. 2005. Former dental nurse of 16 years.
Shurtz JD, Mayhew RB, Cayton TG: Depression. Recognition and control. Dent Clin North Am, 1986 Oct; 30(4 Suppl): S55-65
Statement by Congresswoman Diane Watson (D-Los Angeles) Mercury in Dental Filling Disclosure and Prohibition Act Los Angeles, California November 5, 2001. 139: 2741-2747.
Svare CW, Peterson LC, Reinhardt JW, et al: The effect of dental amalgams on mercury levels in expired air. J Dent Res, 1981; 60: 1668-71.
The Superior Court of the State of California Case No. 718228, Demurrer (October 22, 1992).
Ziff and Ziff, Dentistry Without Mercury, p. 17, citing Stortebecker P: Mercury poisoning from dental amalgam — a hazard to human brain. 1985; 32-43.
.
#Heavymetals #Toxins #Detoxification <Prediction AGMK - Andijan
AGMK VS Andijan
Uzbekistan Premier League
Date match: 11/04/2021 Thursday
Uzbekistan Premier League
Date match: 11/04/2021 Thursday
On this page you will find all our predictions on football match AGMK-Andijan, match of the championship Uzbekistan Premier League. Even stats, standings, news and information on the football league Uzbekistan Premier League and on teams AGMK!Please wait for the process to complete.
Landlab Jupyter Notebooks
Abstract
This resource includes a bunch of Jupyter Notebooks for Landlab (), which is an open-source Python-language package for numerical modeling of Earth surface dynamics. There are two groups of Jupyter Notebooks in this resource: 1) "teaching": for people who are an educator looking for tutorials to use in the classroom. 2) "tutorial": for people who are interested in teaching themselves Landlab.
How to Cite
This resource is shared under the Creative Commons Attribution CC BY.
There are currently no comments
New CommentWhen it comes to selling a business, is hiring a business broker worth it?
Business brokerage is a unique industry that links business sellers and buyers. Their goal is to bring both parties to agree and close the deal. Business brokers help with the details of the negotiation and ensure its completion.
Businesses that use brokers sell faster, negotiate better, and get the best value for their companies. Unlike selling a car or a house, putting a business on sale entails complicated commercial transactions with many details and pitfalls. Business owners face two challenges: actively market their company while running it efficiently and keeping it in tiptop shape.
There are many reasons why you need to hire a licensed business broker to sell your business. Let’s check them out below.
Get the best price
After investing time and money into your business, you deserve the best valuation for it. To ensure that you get the best price, you need knowledge about the proper assessment and evaluation of the business. However, business valuation is a complicated process that requires experience and knowledge of market conditions. A business broker has the right tools to give them an accurate opinion on the market value of your company. Without professional valuation, you might end up selling your business for less than fair market value.
Negotiation expertise
Selling a business involves haggling back-and-forth that can take your time. By working with a business broker, you have an intermediary that works to help get the price you want. The professional broker takes the stress and personal element away from you.
Saves time
As a business owner, you know that time is of the essence. Business selling requires complete focus and attention to every aspect, which can take your time. A good business broker saves you time allowing you to run the business while enjoying your social life. Apart from managing your business, you may also have other equally important matters to attend to. So, entrusting the business selling to a professional is worth it.
Confidentiality
An Orlando Business Broker emphasized that unlike selling cars or real estate property, selling a business requires utmost confidentiality. You want to keep things private to avoid potential disruptions in operations. For example, if suppliers or customers become aware of a possible change of management, they may worry and decide to revise contracts with the company. A business broker ensures that the business is listed anonymously. All potential buyers are carefully vetted and made to sign an NDA. It ensures utmost confidentiality.
Marketing
An effective presentation is crucial in boosting marketability and maximizing the sale price, and business brokers know how to do it. These professionals understand the buyers’ needs; hence they can present your business in a way that appeals to them. In addition, brokers know where to list your business with the best success rates.
Extensive database of buyers
Business brokers also work with buyers. They have an extensive database of buyers who are interested in purchasing a business. They can match your business to buyers who are actively looking for a potential company. Investors take time when searching for a business and wait for the right opportunity. Who knows your business might be the one they have been looking for. By hiring business brokers, you can maximize their connections and market your business directly to investors.
Buyer screening
While there may be numerous interested buyers, not all of them are worth your time. Some potential buyers have an insufficient budget or are just snooping. Vetting all buyers can be overwhelming and time-consuming. Business brokers screen prospects to know if they are serious buyers. They can help trim down the list so you would not waste your time. You also protect confidential information as all prospects sign an NDA.
Improve success rate
Business sales is often a tedious process. Getting it to the finish line can be a challenge. Many hurdles can derail the negotiation and result in the loss of a potential buyer. However, with the negotiating skills of brokers, you can work out these complications, thereby vastly improving the business sale success rate. The brokers can help all parties navigate through these aspects. Likewise, they can prevent potential problems ensuring a smooth sales process.
But while hiring a business broker comes with many advantages, you should also consider a few things such as high fees and difficulty choosing a good broker. Not all business brokers offer the same service. You want to work with someone trustworthy, knowledgeable, and reliable. Getting the right one to help sell your business is paramount.This site uses cookies to improve your user experience.
Twitter
WhatsApp
The Vermont Lottery has exercised the option to extend its technology solutions contract with Intralot for a further two years until 2020.
The original six-year contract came into force in 2010 and was extended by two years in 2016. This second extension, worth an estimated $5m to the Athens-listed supplier, comes into force on July 1st next year and runs to June 30th, 2020.
Over the seven years of the contract to date, Intralot has helped the Vermont [...]
Sports betting boosts Intralot first half revenue
Shareholders delight as gaming shares bounce back in August
Gaming shares struggle for growth in July
Ainsworth and Catena Media shares climb high in H1 2021
Intralot revenue climbs 9% to surpass €100m in first quarterMet Police detective had sexual relationship with female suspect he was investigating
A Metropolitan Police detective began a sexual relationship with a woman while he was investigating her over an alleged crime.
John McCarthy, then a detective constable, began sleeping with the woman in 2017 while investigating her for harassment.
His actions amounted gross misconduct, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) found on Tuesday.
Mr McCarthy’s worked in Enfield and Haringey, north London, at the force’s North Area Command Unit.
The relationship with the woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, began in January 2017 while he investigated a case in which she was accused of harassing her ex-husband and his mother.
The harassment case against her was subsequently dropped.
Their relationship continued, and the IOPC investigation found Mr McCarthy and the woman had sex while he was on duty on 22 March 2017 attending a trial at Wood Green Crown Court. They also exchanged sexual text messages.
IOPC said Mr McCarthy also obtained a loan of £3,580 from the woman between June and September 2017 and there was evidence to suggest he may have intended to permanently keep the money. He was also sent gifts suspect and did not declare the loan, relationship or presents to bosses.
The woman filed a County Court claim against him for failing to repay her when he later got into debt, leaving her ‘living off noodles’ and at risk of eviction from her home. Mr McCarthy also failed to notify the Met of this.
Their relationship ended in October 2017.
Mr McCarthy resigned from the Met last month, on 5 September, four years after the investigation into his misconduct began in January 2018 after a referral to IOPC from the force.
The IOPC’s two-day hearing concluded on Tuesday and found that if Mr McCarthy had not already resigned, he would have been dismissed by the Met. He has now also been placed on a ‘barred list’ of former officers who cannot work in policing in the future.
The IOPC’s.”
The victim said in a statement: "I felt I had to play along in the game by giving him gratification. I felt obliged to play along as there was an imbalance of power between us. I grew to love him but in the beginning he would toy with my feelings. I think it made him feel more powerful. He made me feel insecure and scared.”
She added Mr McCarthy became “integrated” into her life, with her family, friends and neighbours becoming aware of their relationship.
“This affected confidence in the police as I don’t think he had told any of his colleagues,” she said. “He was aware of my vulnerabilities and those of my child, and he was aware of my financial vulnerabilities.”
Superintendent Simon Crick, commander of Mr McCarthy’s former unit at the Met, said: “Engaging in a sexual relationship with someone you are investigating as a suspect goes against the core principle that a police officer should discharge his or her duties with fairness, integrity and impartiality.
He added: “The public deserve to have trust and confidence in the police and the outcome demonstrates how committed the Met is to rooting out wrongdoing within the organisation.”
Watch: Met Police launches review into standards to rebuild trustDowntown Flavortown
Downtown Flavortown.
USA:
- Downtown Flavortown - Pigeon Forge,TN - COMING SOON!!!Intramodal is proud to be a significant contributor within the intermodal transportation system. Primarily trucking based, Intramodal has worked in unison with other modes such as rail and sea to ensure that freight is transported in a fast and reliable fashion. Intramodal transports numerous ISO containers on a daily basis whether it is from ship to rail, rail to ship or ship/rail to consignee. Intramodal is part of the Uniform Intermodal Interchange & Facilities Access Agreement (UIIA), various intermodal organizations, and is equipped to handle all types of intermodal shipments.
Intramodal has a continuously expanding fleet of dry vans capable of delivering products to any destination. Intramodal has developed highly effective tracking and tracing solutions which offer our clients up to the date answers and ease of mind. Intramodal handles the details, so you can handle your business.
Intramodal has been working with various authorities to ensure fluidity within our trans-border trucking sector. The Intramodal team has experince of the requirements for trans-border prerequisites; whether it is PAPS/PARS, ACE Manifests or overweight permits. Intramodal is a bonded carrier and our drivers are F.A.S.T accredited to ensure speedy and reliable carefree deliveries.
Whether the product is over dimensional, a dangerous good, or requires specialized equipment, no load is too big or too small. Intramodal tailors our service to satisfy all requests.
Intramodal Warehouses currently occupies over 500,000 feet of food grade warehousing space. Our warehouses are strategically located to be accessible by a large number of core highways within the Montreal region.Intramodal Warehouses are flexible with storage opportunities, offering public and customs bonded warehousing.
Intramodal Warehouses specializes in all aspects of the warehousing setting. Our facilities are equipped to:
Our Warehouse Management System (WMS) is highly sophisticated and proficient in organization. Our WMS method is additionally EDI compatible, generating precise and accurate reports. Finally, the WMS in place facilitates our distribution practices, granting a higher fill rate percentage and clear visibility.
We are comfortable in supplying information for KPI monitoring throughout the process. Contact us, and together we will customize the details to make it work.
Intramodal and Intramodal Warehouses have extensive experience in logistics coordination; be it within the transportation or warehousing field. Our employees are eager to assist in solving our clients’ logistics needs, recommending various options to get the job done. Intramodal is comfortable overseeing that the commodities reach their final destinations and are treated with the upmost care throughout the process.
Our advanced computer systems allow our customers to understand and customize reports easily, facilitating the distribution management process. Our IT systems enable Intramodal Inc. and Intramodal Warehouses to offer efficient solutions for the needs of our customers.
Intramodal Warehouses manages a warehouse under CBSA's control and identifies itself as a bonded carrier. Through networks and partnerships, knowledge and capacities were acquired to dispense and carry the goods effectively according to CBSA and CBS rules and regulations.
Intramodal's sister company, Alliance Intrapak, is a full service packaging solutions provider specializing in contract packing, warehousing, distribution and logistics.Their operational experts and on-staff packaging engineers can determine the best way to pack and ship materials to reduce waste and cost, maintain material integrity and enhance the end user experience.
Alliance Intrapak is an FDA approved facility, granting the opportunity to re-package a wide variety of products including:
Alliance Intrapak offers a wide array of co-packing options which include:
Alliance Intrapak is adamant on conserving energy and contributes to various recycling programs. Some of the green initiatives include:Eyebrow Transplant FAQs
All your questions are answered here! Take a look.
Frequently asked questions
Can I dye my eyebrows after the operation?
Yes you can dye your eyebrows after the recovery period.
Can you shape my eyebrows in the operation?
With the FUE technique, the desired structure can be added to the eyebrows.
Does the hair removed from the nape of the back of the head grow too long in the area of the eyebrow?
Yes it will grow and can be long , you need to shorten it.
Can I get a eyebrow piercing after the operation?
Yes it can be done after the healing period.
I am happy with the intensity of my eyebrows, is this method can be applied to change the shape of my eyebrows?
What is the risk of infection with the eyebrows transplant?
The procedure is carried out in a sterile environment. If the hygiene rules are followed after the procedurei no infection occurs.
Can I choose any eyebrow shape I want ?
How painful is the operation?
The FUE technique will be used, will be any traces, Marks left on the skin?
With the FUE technique in the eyebrows, the hair follicles are taken individually, so there is no traces. Therefore, FUE technique is more preferred in eyebrow sutuing. Even if the hair is scraped, there is no scar on the neck. After a while the white spots begin to disappear.
How is the eyebrow shape determined?
The patient and the doctor decide on how the eyebrow shape will be . The new eyebrow shape is determined according to the anatomical form of the eyebrows. Everyone has a different eyebrow shape. There is also an eyebrow shape that fits the face structure of everyone.
Should the eyebrow be shortened afterwards?
The eyebrows reach their structure after 7-8 months after the transplantation. But the most important detail that patients need to know that the hair follicles that are planted on the eyebrows will grow due to the hair removal from the nape back of the head. It will grow on the eyebrows just like the hair on the head. Therefore, it is necessary to shorten the eyebrows at certain intervals.
Are results going to be natural?
The eyebrow transplantation is not normally noticeable. However, eyebrow transplant should be done by a team of experts. It is important to have it done by an experienced plastic surgeon.
Is one session enough?
Eyebrow transplantation is completed by taking hair follicles, opening the canals and transerring the hair follicles to the opened canals. These operations are completed in about 2 hours. If there is no special case, the eyebrow transplantation is finished as we said in one session.
Thinking about eyebrow transplant?
Contact us today and our experts will guide you in the best way possible.Click For Billions said what if we might brainstorm a method to get access to all these incredible training and programs and courses and provide to our Click Funnels members free of charge.
Clickfunnels wishes to certify these courses from you and those things undoubtedly aren’t cheap when it’s the products and services they sell every. Click For Billions.
Well its rather easy, all you need to do is to buy Funnel Home builder Tricks for 12 months. While there is a huge rate to pay upfront, this is really the very best offer for Clickfunnels that you can solve now!It’s worth pointing out that there is 6 months of FBS, however you will in fact pay MORE for Clickfunnels and not less.
Click For Billions
Never pay complete cost for a sales funnel contractor again!We have actually put together a list of the most frequently asked questions about the Clickfunnels. Normally with a pyramid plan or MLM, the cash the company makes comes from recruiting new member and the earnings basically originate from those new members that sign up. provides – Click For Billions.
Click For Billions
> site that provides all rounded options and features. very active community.
Something we get requested our review is why Clickfunnels pricing is a lot? As pointed out prior to and much of its work contracted out as it’s an all online business – Click For Billions. When you pay them your money is not only utilized to pay these workers in locations such as support, research study & development and design however also the physical expense to host your website and pay for things such as SSL security.
Click For Billions
It’s simple to end up being quickly overwhelmed by the work included and the expense of whatever particularly when first beginning and looking into starting your own website. Depending on your needs and what you’re offering will determine if Clickfunnels or a standard site is right appeal alone. It is for this reason a knock on impact has happened and now handles to market itself simply by being there. It has extremely competitive pricing, started early on to produce a great grip and filled a space in the internet marketing industry. You can find really seductive strategy structure and includes that you might wish to get on without having to sleep over them.
Click For Billions
MORE SALES! Here are some of the alternatives provide the kind of training and encouraging community ClickFunnels supplies..
Click For Billions
Instapage is one of the very best landing page tools on the marketplace which has one sole goal of helping you produce and test lovely,, however one should be truly better than the other, ideal? I still choose ClickFunnels since tremendous aid to business owners offering funnel structure service and numerous internet marketing training.
Click For Billions
To make sure you get the best during your trial ensure you get my thorough professional course on ClickFunnels consisting of over 40 video lessons. No, you do not need to a have a website to utilize ClickFunnels since you’re provided with everything you need to construct, grow and make sales in your business.
The best and basic way to promote ClickFunnels is to try to find small company owners who are in requirement of a solution like ClickFunnels in their service (but not yet mindful), share the benefits and reveal them how the software can assist grow their business (Click For Billions). ClickFunnels can help you offer your skills or your physical items on autopilot and additional offers you the essential tools, resources, and training to assist you serve an audience and make cash online in return.
ClickFunnels is simple to utilize and understandable sales funnel developing software. Discovering your way around the platform is pretty straightforward. And you can even have access to my expert course which goes extremely thorough on mastering ClickFunnels. Naturally, you can make great money promoting ClickFunnels as an affiliate utilizing numerous methods shared in my how to promote ClickFunnels post or enroll for the complimentary affiliate Bootcamp where you find out from super affiliates – Click For Billions.
Click For Billions
My first 2 months of coming on board was a bit difficult for me due to the fact that I needed to find out how ClickFunnels works all by myself. Ever considering that then it has been an amazing incentives you see below plus my CF Professional Course containing extensive assist with these benefits to assist you make more money and prosper utilizing ClickFunnels? Here is what you will get:– I will guide and assist you in getting the best from this software (it can be confusing in some cases).
Click For Billions
No longer available! life time repeating commissions.
— Get the specific Facebook advertisements that 40 of the leading web entrepreneurs are running today. Each and every of this benefit will go a long way in assisting you achieve more utilizing ClickFunnels and definitely aid you in getting lead to your service. You can have a look at the private benefit details in the ClickFunnels perk page and see how to get them. Clickfunnels has a library of free and premium landing page design templates for you to choose from. These landing pages are all completely enhanced and produced to convert, guaranteeing they engage with your users and help you achieve your goals. Clickfunnels is a landing page home builder that understands what converts customers and what doesn’t, so utilizing these design templates will offer you a huge advantage over your competitors.
Developed be able to produce professional and elegant sales funnels.
Click For Billions
These consist of a Frequently Asked Question fonts for your material and headlines, change the color, change the size, and more – Click For Billions.– Select background colors, images, or videos for your sales funnels.– Within the editor, you can include a number of innovative kind types to your funnels. These include an SMS register type, survey type, and shipping and billing address kinds.
— customized CSS styles to your page (this isn’t necessary however a great additional for those who want it). As you can see, the Clickfunnels editor offers much in the way of functionality, tools, and functions, guaranteeing that, you produce stunning and extremely converting sales funnels.KVRT is meant for infected computers.
Assume that a PC is protected by firewall and is infected with a trojan,
I need to disable the firewall leaving the PC vulnerable in order for your tool to work.
That doesn’t make sense.
Furthermore KVRT creates a weird file in the TEMP directory that tries to connect which i cannot whitelist with the Tinywall that i am using so i have to disable the firewall in order to use your software.
At least make it possible to whitelist KVRT,
You can use “-moddirpath” and “-fixednames” KVRT parameters. For example “kvrt.exe -fixednames -moddirpath C:\KVRT_temp”. You must delete C:\KVRT_temp folder yourself under administrator after KVRT scan.Scroll down for complete instructions on online ordering. Massage gift certificates are available instantly online, via USPS, or in person on Bridge St. We can even drop them off to you right here on Anna Maria Island! We are here to help – just call!
Complete Online Ordering Instructions
- Use spa service (e.g. Enjoy your Couples Beach Massage! Much love, Aunt Susie) you are gifting the recipient in the message box.
- Choose an Amount (do not choose a service).
- Choose Add to Cart.
- Go to your cart when you are ready to check out.
Beach Spa Gift Certificates
And purchasing gift certificates for a relaxing massage — indoors at our Bridge Street location, or outdoors in our beach tiki hut on Gulf Drive — is the perfect way to show someone you care about their well-being.Rightly or wrongly, most people will judge a property on first sight. Houses or flats in good condition will attract a superior tenant and a higher rental return. It’s therefore worth investing time and money in maintaining your property to an attractive standard.
If you are a Dexters Property Management client, we will alert you to refurbishment work as part of our twice yearly inspections. If the walls need a lick of paint, the bathroom needs changing or the carpets could do with an upgrade, we will let you know as part of our service.
Many of our clients need more extensive refurbishment done to a newly purchased property or to reconfigure an existing one. Our Design and Interiors team, based in Mayfair will meet with you to discuss the best strategy for achieving your desired rental yield. This might be partitioning a large lounge to turn a one bedroom flat into two. Or a roof conversion to convert a house into multiple occupancy flats. We will produce a full specification of work so that you can understand exactly what’s involved structurally, financially and legally.
We can manage a project from start to finish, liaising with the multiple professions involved including structural engineers, planning officers and architects. We also have access to more than 100 approved London-based contractors, including expert tradesmen who can handle everything from fitting a kitchen to crafting bespoke marble tops. And once refurbishments are complete we can dress the property, sourcing beds, sofas and sideboards to impress prospective tenants.
Most rental properties need some kind of improvement works every four to five years. With the right approach, the work you do will pay dividends fast.
To find out more please contact us on 020 7386 0734 or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.With exactly 14 days left for Vidyagama programme to begin, the government wants schools and students to follow certain protocols
Search results 1 - 1 of 1
If you have campus news, views, works of art, photos or just want to reach out to us, just drop us a line.I’ve had some requests for advise for the best courses to pick in the Phoenix/Scottsdale Arizona area for a golf buddy trip. I thought this would be a fun topic, and I plan on doing a few others too, like Nevada, Michigan, Oregon, Utah and so on. For now here are the Hooked on Golf Blog Phoenix/Scottsdale Golf Buddy trip recommendations below. Arizona is a great golf destination with great weather nearly all year round. If you can handle the very high summer temperatures, golf can be very inexpensive.
Troon North
Troon North features two courses, the Monument course by Tom Weiskopf and Jay Morrish, and the Pinnacle Course by Tom Weiskopf. The Monument is rated the #1 public golf course in Arizona. Both courses epitomize Arizona/desert target golf. The Pinnacle course is rated the 3rd best course in Arizona.
Here’s a shot below of the Pinnacle course from the last time the HOG World Tour visited:
Grayhawk
Grayhawk also Phil Mickelson’s home course in Arizona.. The fairways are generous but strategic bunker placement puts a premium on accuracy.
Final Thoughts
Golf in Phoenix/Arizona is some of the funnest, most challenging, and certainly most scenic golf in the U.S.A. Desert target golf is extremely fun. Check here for great Arizona Golf Packages.Shading and Look Development in RfK combines Katana's built in look development tools with Pixar's powerful material systems. By combining Pixar's built-in Bxdfs (materials) and Patterns (material modifiers) nearly any look could be achieved.
Adding shaders to geometry is a matter of:
A single material can be added with the Material node. Many types of shading effects can be created using only PRMan's PxrSurface. PxrDiffuse is a good fast and simple option, and there are also the specialty materials: PxrVolume and PxrMarschnerHair. More complex materials can be built with a collection of PrmanShadingNodes which feed into a NetworkMaterial node. The table below has a break down material to multiple locations either all grouped together (e.g. the parent in a hierarchy) or distributed through the scene and identified through a defined commonality (e.g. a "collection"). Details of complex assignments are outside our scope but explained in detail in the Katana documentation for Collections and CEL.
In the table above we've broken down the material types into "Single", "Complex", or "Layered". The difference between Single and Complex/Layered is the ability to add pattern inputs to the bxdf shader. A Material node can only be used with a single bxdf. If additional material modifications such as texture are needed you must use a PrmanShadingNode bxdf with a NetworkMaterial node. The difference between Complex and Layered is, as the name implies, the ability to layer materials. The teapot image at the top of the page is a rendering of these three workflows. The chrome teapot in the center is shaded with simply a PxrSurface Material node. The red teapot is assigned a NetworkMaterial with a PxrSurface bxdf whose Global Bump attribute is fed by PxrBump and PxrWorley. On the right is a NetworkMaterial with a PxrLayerSurface bxdf. PxrLayerSurface is a specialized version of PxrSurface set up for layering with PxrLayer and PxrLayerMixer.Global Market Leader Samsung Launches Neo QLED 8K TV in Bangladesh2 min read.
The launching event was attended by top officials from Samsung and its partners. Among them were Hwansung Woo, Country Manager, Samsung Bangladesh, Ruhul Alam Al Mahbub, Chairman, Fair Electronics, Arshad Huq, Managing Director & CEO, Transcom Electronics Limited, Shahid Ahmed Abdullah, Executive Director, Electra International Limited, Quazi Ashiq-Ur Rahman, Executive Director, Rangs Industries.
For more information, interested customers can visit or call Samsung 24×7 Customer Service – 08000300300.
For more updates be with Markedium.BBRMotosports·
Registered
Joined·
1,105 Posts
I got my pipe to fit nicely today. All you need are two band clamps and a piece of pipe 3 inches long with 1.5 in ID and 1.5in OD on the other side. I went to the parts store and picked up a reducer, all I did was cut it to length, put 4 notches on the header end, sand blasted and painted it with ceramic paint.
Problem solved, all they need to do is make the mid pipe longer.
Problem solved, all they need to do is make the mid pipe longer.
Versitle utility tie-down cam buckle strap can be used for light- to medium-duty cargo tie-down jobs. 1" X 10 foot red utility cambuckle strap is an ideal choice for day-to-day securement. The strap is made to last long and withstand the daily conditions of flatbed utility tiedown operations.
The strap features a working load limit of 400 lbs., which is an excellent strength for taking on various loads. A vinyl-coated S hook for vehicle protection with a scratch-resistant coat.
Part number 41048-23Ploughman Farm Cider, based in Adams County, Pennsylvania, has just added a new cider to their already stellar lineup: Dornick American Dry Cider.
Ploughman owner and fruit farmer Ben Wenk shares that the cider’s name was inspired by Dean McCauslin, an orchard worker with a lot of experience (we’re talking 70 years). Dean once shared with Ben that “dornick” is the Irish word for stone, a detail which Ben held onto. “I tried to remember everything Dean ever said to me, he’s a wealth of knowledge,” Ben notes in the cidery’s email newsletter. “When this earthy, mineral-ly cider was born, we knew what to name it.”
This crisp and very dry cider is a bit more “wintry,” as Ben puts it, than many of Ploughman’s other offerings, and is wildly refreshing with a mysterious hint of earthy funk.
Dornick’s official tasting notes (as described by Ploughman’s cidermaker Dr. Edwin Winzeler) are as follows:
Aromas of butterscotch, toffee, melon, and strawberry with a heaviness of fatty acids and earth—not quite thick and oily, but hinting in that direction—and warming with alcohol. In the mouth we have a creaminess with melons, strawberry, and some berry fruits. The finish is of berry fruits and strawberry, with clean acidity that leaves no trace of sweetness. In the back of the nose after tasting is the strong strawberry print, which I think comes from the Stayman apple.
You can find bottles of Dornick, and other Ploughman ciders, at various farmers markets in Philadelphia and at Broad Street Market in Harrisburg, as well as restaurants throughout southern Pennsylvania. Check out their website for a full list, and peep their Instagram and Facebook feeds for cider musings and events info.
- Photo: Ben WenkReview (with before and after pictures) of i-Lipo Laser Liposuction Treatment
Everyone knows that diet and exercise is the best way to lose weight. However, that isn’t always enough and we all know there is almost always room for improvement!
The idea of getting full blown liposuction is kinda scary, so you might be a little excited to hear about i-Lipo. It’s a non invasive type of liposuction, takes about 30 minutes per session, NO downtime and it actually works!
Jessica Alba reportedly had a few i-Lipo sessions to get ready for attending the Golden Globes awards shows. She looked absolutely amazing! (And hasn’t she had two kids?!) I also saw the treatment reviewed on “Ricki Lake Show” and noticed substantial results on the woman they performed the procedure on during the show.
Okay, so you’re probably wondering, what exactly is i-Lipo and how do I get it?! Well, first off, it’s the first FDA approved, low level and non-invasive treatment to get rid of cellulite, fat, and lessen the appearance of stretch marks. It was created and launched in the UK, won a slimming award in Paris and is now used all over the USA, Canada and Australia.
How does it work? i-Lipo is that it’s not creating any unnatural reaction in the body nor does it damage or alter any surrounding structures such as skin, blood vessels and peripheral nerves.
The usual treatment areas are abdomen (mummy tummy!), thighs, love handles/muffin top and even upper arms. You can basically get i-Lipo any place that you want to slim down that the i-Lipo paddles can be placed on. I decided to get my abdomen / mid-section done (although I considered doing my thighs since no amount of exercise seems to make them any smaller!).
Here is a local ad for the i-Lipo Treatment…
I decided to be brave and make an appointment at Dr. Jafar Koupaie’s office (Boston Dermatology & Cosmetic Surgery Center)in Brookline, MA to receive the i-Lipo treatment from nurse practitioner Stacey Luddy.
I talked with Stacey for about 10 minutes before receiving the treatment and she was such a sweetheart! I asked her a bunch of questions I thought you ladies would want to know the answers to, before considering a treatment like this. Here is the scoop…
Q&A
- How much does 1 treatment cost? Treatments range from $350-$650 each (BDCSC charges $500 per treatment) but you can get discount packages if you agree to doing the recommended 8 treatments.
- How many treatments do I need to get full results? The recommended course of treatment is 8 sessions.
- How many treatments before I notice ANY results? Generally patients can see results after just one treatment. (I did!)
- How long does it take to receive 1 treatment? Each treatment takes about 30 minutes.
- How far apart should each treatment be? There should be at least 4-5 days between each treatment to give your body time to get rid of the fat. Once a week is recommended.
- Does it hurt? The most you will feel is a warming sensation.
- Where does the fat go? It’s absorbed into the lymph system and flushed out. (Hence the recommended increase in water consumption post-treatment!)
- Will it harm my skin? Your skin gets slightly red and warm (This disappeared before I even left the office.)
- Are there any known negative side effects? Apparently people with extremely sensitive skin might notice more redness and it may last a couple hours before subsiding, but this extremely rare.*
- Can I wear my HotPants after receiving the treatment? They recommended that I not wear them immediately after the procedure just to make sure my skin was not going to have a negative reaction to the treatment. My skin had absolutely no reaction to the procedure at all, so I wore my hotpants the next day.
* Please consult for more information.
Immediately after the i-Lipo Treatment, you’re supposed to exercise vigorously to assist in eliminating those freed fatty acids from your body. They recommend that you take a brisk walk or do 20 minutes of cardio. (I think doing one of Jillian Michaels – 30 Day Shred
MY EXPERIENCE WITH i-LIPO
I have to admit, my husband was little more freaked out about me getting the i-Lipo procedure than I was. He was concerned about adverse reactions and side affects, on top of which, he said I didn’t need liposuction anyway. Isn’t he a sweetheart? hehe
I came prepared with a phone so I could snap a few pics of the procedure being done to me, a book to read during the treatment, a bottle of water to drink after I had the treatment and a list of questions to ask the nurse practitioner (see above Q&A).
Stacey answered all my questions before the procedure, then took me to the treatment room to begin. I had heard you could change into a swimsuit for the treatment, but it really wasn’t necessary. I left my clothes on, I just pulled my shirt up and tucked it under my bra and pulled my jeans down to around mid/upper thighs. She gently marked my abdomen with a pen and measuring tape and then took my measurements and wrote them down on the official i-Lipo paperwork.
I then proceeded to lay down on the table and have all four small, white plastic paddles carefully placed on the “treatment area” which in my case, was my midsection and then secured with a long velcro strap. (Bye, bye mommy tummy!)
Each “treatment” during the procedure took about 10 minutes, during which time I was left alone in the room. I took the opportunity to read a book. After 10 minutes or so, the i-Lipo machine would make a beeping noise and then Stacey, the nurse, would come back in and move the four paddles. She did this a total of 4 times so that my entire midsection was treated, both front and back.
When she removed the paddles, my skin was slightly damp from having the plastic paddles up against my skin and only slightly red from being warm.
Afterwards, Stacey whipped out a the “Ultra” attachment that worked like mini Dustbuster on my tummy. She used the vacuum massage on my abdomen for about 2 minutes, but from what I’ve read elsewhere, this part of the procedure is normally done for around 10 minutes. Either way, it was a weird sensation but I could see that it would definitely help with increasing circulation and getting rid of the fat!
“i-Lipo Ultra™ adds vacuum massage and a second infra-red laser wavelength to i-Lipo’s extraordinary body shaping capabilities to deliver improved circumferential inch loss and cellulite reduction. The vacuum massage action of the Ultra enhances the removal of released fat cell contents and optimizes absorption of infra-red laser wavelengths in the dermis to promote collagen growth and reduce the appearance of cellulite. The result is slimmer, tighter, smoother looking skin. The new i-Lipo Ultra incorporates 36 laser diodes and a vacuum massage to enhance lymphatic drainage, improve blood circulation and promote skin renewal.” (Source – //)
I snapped a few pics of the i-Lipo Ultra™ with my camera phone…
After that, Stacey got out the measuring tape once more to see what the results were. Stacey had warned me that because I was already fairly in shape, that my results would be much less than someone who still had 20+ more pounds to lose. We were both quite surprised to find that I lost a combined total of 41/2 inches off my entire abdomen!
Here is a picture of the actual “client treatment record” that Stacey wrote my measurements on…
Now, I made sure that I measured my OWN stomach the morning before the procedure, along with taking some “before” pictures, so I would be able to double check these measurements and results myself. Ya know, just in case she was holding the measuring tape differently or pulling it a little tighter post-procedure to make my results look more amazing…
So when I got home, after I did my 30 minutes on the stair stepper, drank TONS of water and then I measured my own abdomen. It was exactly the same as it had been that morning. Hmmm… I got a little discouraged. Evenso, I had my husband take some “after” shots. The next morning, I did another 20 minutes on the stair stepper (this time with the HotPants on), just for good measure and to make sure I was doing all I could to enhance my results.
When my husband came home from work, I measured my abdomen again before taking some more “after” pictures and lo and behold, I had lost a little over an inch just around my waist! Hallelujah!!! It really did work!!
I received my treatment on 2/18 and I took my last “after” picture on 2/21.!
What would have taken me probably another month or two of careful exercising and dieting, I achieved in less than 24 hours after receiving the i-Lipo treatment. I would definitely be willing to get additional treatments although I think next time I would get my thighs done!!!
Overall, I would recommend the procedure to anyone who is having trouble losing weight or who has trouble spots that diet and exercise haven’t touched. You can eat right, drink lots of water, compare whey protein prices for your protein smoothies, and lift weights, but it might not be enough.
The i-Lipo system has many advantages over other similar systems and even over traditional lipos.
iLipo – Award winning and Leading Non-Surgical Fat Reduction & Body-shaping technology manufactured by Energist Ltd
Why i-Lipo?..”
Dr. Burch, FloridaWe are sooo excited to be making 2015 partially the year of the Dopp Kit at Ame Ame!
Our first order with Blue Claw was placed yesterday after personally talking with Blue Claw’s founder, Adam Bitzer.
More stories on Blue Claw to come, but today I’m just going to say that I’ve attended so many trade shows over the years, and Blue Claw is one of those brands I took notice of years ago. In other words I feel confident to say that Blue Claw is one of the pioneers in new generation businesses hungry to make great products in America, and in particular one of the new generation of businesses focused on Waxed Cotton for bags and luggage.
As I do more deeper research on the brand we’ll find out if I’m truly right.
In the meanwhile, get ready to start to better understand the touch, feel and quality of Blue Claw by checking out dozen plus dopp kits that will arrive in the next few days.
And as part of the order you’ll be one of the first to see a gorgeous new leather dopp kit they introduced called the Groves Dopp.
I’ve recently been studying dopp kits intensely and I am very excited to see this dopp kit in person because I’m sure its true beauty will match the beauty captured in its photograph.
Similarly, I can’t wait to see, feel, and sell to folks Stephen Kenn’s leather dopp kit for folks who want leather goods that have clear modern sophistication with a touch of military heritage.
These are two dopp kits that I am sure will cause double takes, and are going to be hard to choose between.poofy prom dresses
79 Pins
5y
Collection by
Heidi Jensen
Similar ideas popular now
Reserved for Crawford 1950's Vintage Ruby-Red French Chantilly-Lace and Ivory-Taffeta Couture Low-Plunge Scalloped Illusion Sleeveless Nipped-Waist Rockabilly Ballerina-Cupcake Princess Tiered-Skirt Bombshell Formal Wedding Cocktail Party Dress
Black Plain Half Sleeve Knit Mini Dress Even though I already have one of these...but the neckline is gorgeousMR. SHEEN Heavy Duty Oven Cleaner
Save Liquid error (product-badge line 32): Computation results to '-Infinity'%
KES 600.00.Amazon devices will soon automatically share your Internet with neighbors
Amazon ‘s is, and Echo Flex.
The webpage also states:
What is Amazon Sidewalk?
Amazon Sidewalk is a shared network that helps devices work better. wifi. In the future, Sidewalk will support a range of experiences from using Sidewalk-enabled devices, such as smart security and lighting and diagnostics for appliances and tools.
How will Amazon Sidewalk impact my personal wireless bandwidth and data usage?.
Why should I participate in Amazon Sidewalk?
Amazon Sidewalk helps your devices get connected and stay connected. For example, if your Echo device loses its wifi connection, Sidewalk can simplify reconnecting to your router. For select Ring devices, you can continue to receive motion alerts from your Ring Security Cams and customer support can still troubleshoot problems even if your devices lose their wifi connection. Sidewalk can also extend the working range for your Sidewalk-enabled devices, such as Ring smart lights, pet locators or smart locks, so they can stay connected and continue to work over longer distances. Amazon does not charge any fees to join Sidewalk..
Read the original article over at ArsTechnica.com.New Product Discoveries
You saw them here first
Browsing tag
You saw them here first […]
Jenny Rissveds secrets to success....]
Open Your Mind… or you may miss something
Often, people come into counseling because something in their lives is not working for them. They may be depressed. They may have anxiety. Their marriage may be falling apart. Maybe they have been grieving old wounds for years, and they just can't find joy in life. Teenagers may … [Read more...]Tankless Water Heater Installers - Wisconsin - Allenton
Professional tankless water heater installation in Allenton, WI, providing a variety future since they use less energy than conventional tank heaters. But electricity used when the central heating system isn't being used. The biggest benefit to tankless water heating is that the unit itself does not need any storage tank. Just like your normal home heating system, it just sits there and warm water as needed. It also needs no plumbing work because the unit itself keeps an open connection to the water source. All it really takes is a precise reading to be certain that the water is heated, and it is done with the touch of a button.
In addition to saving money on energy and costs, tankless water heater installation may also improve air quality in your property. Since supply.
The efficacy of tankless water heater setup is just another reason to select them. Because there's absolutely no tank to maintain or eliminate, you won't find any spikes in your energy-efficient water heater invoices. Your monthly utility bills will stay components from their way, keeping them from the way of children and pets.
When you choose a tankless water heater model, you can depend on consistent operation, because the unit isn't connected into a tank or a warm water supply. This means that the device is more than heating effective but doesn easy, as well. In fact, you can get the unit up and running in just a few hours, depending on how big this machine. The tankless heater components are available in all different shapes and sizes, and they're made from vinyl, stainless steel, copper, or aluminum. Some are solar powered, and a few aren't. The solar models are the easiest to set up and use, as you don't need to connect them straight to the sunlight. The gas versions need an installation firm, so you might not want to do it all on your own.
Once installed, all you want to do is make certain that your gas or electric tank is complete before you turn it on for the very first time, then you ought to be all set. Your unit will draw hot water from either the incoming peak need of your gas or electric heater, or even the storage peak, whichever is available. It takes a couple of minutes to get everything hooked up, and following that, you'll be prepared to start drinking delicious hot coffee, holding cold water, or warming up your property.Barb L.
Always a good experience dealing with this company!
Roy G.
Great addition to the brush
Charles C.
Does the job and matches my grill!
Gerald S.
All of the items we purchased showed up on time, in great shape and work very well. Love using them and makes grilling easier.
Robert S.
It's funny how I suggested this or something to hang the tool and was thanked or even given 1 for my suggestion. I should be getting ROYALTIES !!!! Fire Marshal Skeels
jeanpierre f.
I am really glad I got this to go with the brush.
Matt H.
Great addition to my already great grill rescue brush, assuring it's always where I need it most !!!
Justin M.
Works perfectly on my hooks on the grill to hang
Steve B.
I used this Grill Rescue Brush after about 15 hours of crud building up on my grill. I knew this was being shipped to me so I just let the grill go until it came. I wanted to put it to the test after this major build up on the grates. It didn't disappoint, it did an awesome job with very little effort. The steam penetrated the crud and cleaned the grates effortlessly .... and no worries about any wire bristles left behind. The peace of mind is worth its weight in gold. For a full review you can watch my YouTube Channel, (SmokinSteve) where I actually cleaned the grates!!!!
Dennis S.
works great
Kreg K.
Grill hanger fits snuggly and makes for easy storage!
James C.
Had doubts when I first seen it but it holds it perfect
Michael S.
I had my doubts when I first saw this but I got it and it really does work as advertised . Get one today!
Ryan C.
Seems to work great! Grease comes right off and with the added scraper nothing is a match for the grill rescue brush! I went with the hanger thinking I would need it to keep the grease and grime off of the place I store it. Honestly comes super clean and dries ready to use again right away.
Jason D.
So far the grill rescue has lived up to all of my expectations!!! It cleans my Traeger grates very well. The handle is rigid and the added handle is a nice finishing touch.
Daylan B.
Works amazing, love it!
john s.
Works great!
Michael W.
A great addition to the brush! Why not sell it on the brush? How are we supposed to store it other wise?
T-Ann F.
Worked great! Was a little skeptical at first. But, once I did it I fell in love. Easy, no scrapping/scratching sounds, or burnt peices/metal bristles flying everywhere. Thankful 2 have come across & purchased this cool grill tool.
Pat C.
Cleans beautifully! How do you clean it?
Chris L.
Works well!
John K.
The hanger perfectly fits the grill brush; definitely a necessary accessory for my grill. Very satisfied!
Carole K.
Works great! Better than the metal brushes!
Linda C.
The handle end to hang it from our grill is fantastic.
Elizabeth H.
Bought the bundle set for my husband who has been avoiding cleaning his Weber grill in this hot Arizona weather. He tried it right away and was amazed how easy and quickly it took to clean his grungy grill. It was in real dire need of cleaning and I was shocked at how clean and new his grill looked. So happy I purchased this for him. This product was so well worth it as the hubby now keeps his grill nice and clean!
Donald M.
Fits perfect on the Weber Performer Grill hooks.
Kevin B.
Love it!
Larissa R.
Love being able to hang the brush!
Alfred R.
Very happy with not only how much quicker & better it cleans my grill, but also safer. Excellent product!
Blaine G.
Great addition for the Grill Rescue.
Mark J.
It is a needed addition to your piece. I'm glad I ordered one and it fits great on the handle.
Danielle S.
Great add on! The hook is strong and makes it easy to hang on my grill. It's so nice to have the handle so easily accessible.
Mark H.
It is nice, but would expect a hanger with every brush as most people use hooks on every grill or smoker. Just an added headache to have to order and pay for something so obviously needed. Thank you.
Cassandra G.
Works great
Elizabeth M.
Grill Rescue Does a great job!
John P.
Hangs like expected! I like it's removable for cleaning.
Anthony R.
Love it
Thomas G.
Placed the hanger on the end of my Grill Rescue and hing on the grill. Looks fantastic.
Holly D.
It is awesome. Love the steam affect!
Jason K.
A fantastic accessory to the best grill brush/cleaner on the market! Thank you, Grill Rescue!
Josh R.
Works well!
Jefff J.
It works well. I have it hanging my garage.
Bonnie M.
The handle Give me immediate access to brush when I need it! I love that I can hop on the rubber hook onto the handle Incase I get food on it and it’s easy to wash and clean up! I highly recommend this product to anyone!
David F.
The brush is awesome! The hanger is a bonus. Always in reach!
Chris R.
The best grill brush I've had so far. I've only used it once so far. It worked great on my griddle grill (Members Mark 5 burner griddle grill). I love the fact that it doesn't burn due to it material.
David C.
Love my new grill brush
Greg C.
Grill grates look so much cleamer,eorth the $$,thanks
Deborah L.
So great to hang out grill rescue on side of our grill, especially after cleaning it to air dry.
Brian F.
A1!
Robert G.
Must have accessory, why it's not standard is beyond me :)
Cheryl G.
Love it!
Anthony S.
Helps keep my grill rescue right where I need it to be!!
Dee R.
Leaves our grill sparkly clean!
Kimberly M.
The hanging hook is a life saver and the perfect accessory! Thanks for making the best grill cleaning tool ever even better!
Ernie S.
I have now ordered several items from them and have been very satisfied with all products.
David .
I’ve been waiting for a way to hang my grill cleaner and I’m glad it fits snuggly on the handle and feels pretty well made.
Beatrix G.
It is so much easier to hang this great cleaning brush.
Customer
I got the brush for Christmas and was trying to find a way to hang it up. I was about to drill a hole in the brush when I that this had just released. It is a perfect fit and puts my grill brush within reach whenever I need it. Thanks
nick s.
Works as well as I’d hoped
Lori B.
My volunteer fireman of the house gave 2 as gifts but we need the winter snow and ice to cease to use it.
Melissa J.
Very well made and heavy duty
Lisa R.
My husband loves it!
Tony D.
Perfect addition to the grill brush..
William K.
Fits tight and snug, good quality does what it's made to do.
Barbara A.
Works great!
Daniel D.
Great product!
George W.
Works great! Fits the brush perfectly.
Linda S.
Love that I bought the hook as now I can hang the brush!
Sandra C.
My son-in-law loves it!
Kimberly N.
Just as advertised. Works great!
Gary L.
Had just the sponge last year and upgraded to scraper and sponge this year. Sponge worked very well but scraper helps with harder cleaning. Love popping the sponge in dishwasher to clean. Very pleased.
Tamara B.
Love the handle! Thank you.
Barbara H.
Worth the money to have a way to store.
Linda U.
I have used it just once so far, but was very pleased with how well it cleaned the grill with relatively little scraping required. It's hard to tell how long the scrubbing pad might last, so will be keeping an eye out for its durability. Customer service is very responsive-much appreciated.
Todd L.
I purchased this specifically because my last brush, met its' fiery fate by being in the grill when I lit it to preheat to cook...that won't happen again!
Bryan W.
The Grill Rescue Brush brought my 8 year old Webers grill grates back to their near original flat surface, the first time I used it. No more burnt on black build up debris. Super easy to use. I bought 7 other Grill Rescue brushes and gave them away as Christmas gifts. I wish this awesome brush was invented 20 years ago.
Bridget T.
Hangs perfectly from my flat top griddle (Blackstone) and smoker (pit boss).
Chelsea P.
Wonderful product!! And I love the concept of the product. My father and uncle are both firefighters and were truly impressed and excited about the gift!
Lina D.
Bought as a gift. They loved it.
COURTNEY M.
The hangar is Awesome
jessie m.
Great addition to the brushes! A must have
Taylor S.
Great accessories to go along with the grill sponges!
William K.
The Grill Rescue cleaner works exactly as advertised. Very simple way to clean my grill grates!
Daniel H.
Love my grill rescue! Definitely worth the wait Stateside to Australia. The hanger means I can store it with my BBQ and if I end up damaging the handle I can chuck the hanger it on another handle. The flexible material means it’s won’t break as easy as any rigid material.
dave f.
Grabs on the handle perfectly.
Danny G.
I bought mine before they were available. I bought this last one for my son in-law birthday, my next purchase for me will be the new head with scraper attached.
Mark A.
It works fine
Jeff f.
Slips right on and works great
Kyle G.
Works awesome.
Virginia M.
Makes cleaning the grill so much easier! Will be buying these as gifts for friends and family!
Kim T.
Thanks for making the hanger. I was just about to drill a hole in the handle and throw caution to the wind. This is a clean and functional design and your timing was impeccable!
Bill A.
It’s been working well keeping my Big Green Egg grill clean. It’s hanging on my gas Weber and works well on it too.
Richard S.
Great add on
Kathleen B.
This is the perfect addition to the grill cleaner. Easy to attach and hangs easily.
Kathy D.
It’s great
Robert C.
Just what I was looking for. I was getting ready to drill a hole in the handle to solve a storage problem. This works perfect.
Susan R.
I love the grill cleaner, but it was a problem to store it—this solved it- thanks!
Kevin F.
I was going to drill a hole in the end of our brush, but this hanger just slides right on and is much neater looking. Definitely worth the upgrade!
Gus B.
Love this. Great quality. Durable. Cleans the grill like nothing else.
Kimberly K.
I love this thing. I have NEVER loved cleaning my grill but there is a sick satisfaction using the Grill Rescue and seeing all that steam cleaning it - so I look forward to cleaning my grill after every use! Never in a million years would I have thought that could happen. Get the little handle holder to hang it on your grill as well as the metal scraper option - I did and use both. Personally, I don't know why anyone wouldn’t want both of these things so they really should just sell it all together. That would be my only suggestion to improve the experience because some people don’t notice those other options (a friend of mine didn’t when he ordered).219 Design has a special interest in last mile transportation, having worked on both scooter and bike solutions. In this teardown,?
Toy or Transportation?
- The chassis is die cast in magnesium and post machined, a material and process allowing tight tolerances and light weight. For a lower cost, injection molded nylon with inserts would support the loads and threaded fasteners; however, this would not be as durable, nor would it hold alignment (particularly in drafted areas) as well. Metal also provides a better margin of safety for battery issues; it will dissipate heat and contain expanding cells much more effectively than plastic. The choice of metal for the chassis and foot plate suggests that this product is intended to last a long time.
- An extra 5 pieces (1 cast part, 4 grommets) add suspension. This is a significant expense in tooling and parts to improve the ride, a quality only valuable over longer distances and higher speeds.
- The wheel hub is a single steel tube for extra rigidity, particularly to keep the motor magnets from contacting the motor coils. A plastic hub would be less expensive but would require larger gaps between the motor coils and magnets, reducing the efficiency of the motor. High efficiency would not be a important in a toy, but is crucial for transportation products.
- The heat from the motor driver chips dissipates to the chassis via a piece of thermally conductive tape. Effective heat removal from electronics extends their life. It’s a nice design touch to use the cover as both a heat sink and structural element.
- The designers took care to waterproof their wire passages. Rubber grommets, custom gaskets, and a butyl rubber adhesive seal all allow the skates to survive some water abuse. Indeed, they achieved an IP54 rating.
- Blue (not red) thread lockers on all screws.
- Bearings, while more expensive than simple bushings, provide smoother ride and longer life in high-impact conditions. Bushings would be sufficient for a toy with a shorter expected life, but bearings speak to a longer-lived design intent.
- A white caulking compound hardens the electronics against vibrations. Shock loads are particularly aggressive on electrolytic capacitors and will eventually break their solder joints with the board. Adding the white caulk by hand to select electronic components demonstrates a design effort for longer-term reliability.
Toy or Transportation?
With the exception of the chassis, all the castings use simple molds without side actions, reducing the tooling costs and improving mold cycle times. Once out of the molds, two castings required no post-process machining; the chassis requires only simple tapping to finish the part; and a lathe can finish the motor end caps in one fixturing. A good deal of design effort went into optimizing these parts for manufacture, an effort that pays off only at larger production runs. A shorter production run would have seen some of these components machined from stock to keep tooling and design costs low.
The hall effect sensors are a customized version, with insulation and extra long leads, requiring close coordination with the sensor manufacturer. Also, their distance from the the board likely required hand soldering. Together, these elements require close coordination with the electronics supply chain.
Last mile E-transport is dominated by a small set of off-the-shelf motors. These were custom designed for the Segway e-Skates to achieve a high torque within the limits of the wheel hub, with its unusual smaller diameter and larger length.
Taken together, these parts show a pattern of deeper design for manufacturing and an intention by the manufacturer to produce these skates in larger quantities.
Short Run vs. Mass Market
Segway has tooled their assembly line at a level that is only justified for larger-scale production.
Both motor bearings are pressed into interference fits. The high forces in such a fit require a press and tooling to achieve bearing alignment and smooth rolling.
The threaded end of the motor shaft is hollow to pass through wires, which would interfere with a traditional socket that could tighten the nut. Assembly requires a special wrench to achieve the correct torque.
The main body part has several areas with selective powder coating. This process is generally cost-effective at larger quantities, as it requires at least one, likely a few, masking fixtures, and careful application of the powder coating.
Max Payload Justification
Max payload is probably set by maximum torque: The motor’s not strong enough to get 220lbs + up a slope.
The cast metal chassis, with its ribbing around the axel seat and arched internal structure, steel drive axle, and wheel hub are certainly strong enough to stand up to higher loads.
The top plate transmits loads from the rider’s feet to In our estimate, the structure is not a limiting factor.
Main Takeaways
A close look at the parts of the Segway Drift W1 e-Skates suggests that they can be a transportation tool, intended to be made on a large scale.
Metal, rather than plastic, forms all load-carrying components, and they added several parts to improve ride quality over long distances. The motor was designed specifically for this application, and some effort was put in o optimizing its efficiency. Many parts were also tooled and designed to minimize machining steps.
Taken together, this leads us to believe that Segway intends for their Drift W1 e-Skates to last a long time as a real transportation option.
New training suite launched
Published: 22/05/2019
To enable us to provide training we have recently opened our new training suite.
To enable us to provide training we have recently opened our new training suite, filled with the tools and equipment our care assistants use every day.
Richard Murphy, director of Bluebird Care Chiltern & Dacorum and Watford & Three Rivers, commented:
We are really pleased to be able to provide this dedicated space for our care assistants to develop their skills and knowledge. We know that the care they provide our customers can be vital to them being able to remain in their own home and retaining their independence.If you would like to find out more about our career opportunities in home care please visit our vacancies page or call us on 01923 775300 and speak to Fiona.
At its worst, despair is usually a scary, debilitating situation. Thousands and thousands of individuals all over the world reside with despair. Many of those people and their households are afraid to speak about their struggles, and do not know the place to show for assist. Nevertheless, despair is essentially preventable and treatable. Recognizing despair and looking for assistance is the primary and most important in the direction of restoration.
In collaboration with WHO to mark World Psychological Well being Day, author and illustrator Matthew Johnstone tells the story of overcoming the “black canine of despair”. Extra data on the e-book could be discovered right here:
For extra data on psychological well being, please go to:
Disclaimer: This video could include hyperlinks and references to 3rd party-websites. WHO isn’t accountable for, and doesn’t endorse or promote, the content material of any of those web sites and the use thereof.
source
Discussion about this postThe Vintage Cosmetic Company Pink Make-Up Removing Cloths
3 ctUPC: 0506028431508
Purchase Options
Product Details
Say goodbye to disposable make-up wipes and hello to reusable, super soft Make-up Removing Cloths from The Vintage Cosmetic Company. This trio of baby pink cloths remove make-up with just a splash of water (no chemicals or cleanser needed). They’re dual sided for both cleansing and exfoliating so there’s no need for harsh scrubs. Be kind to your skin and give it luxuriously soft treat. Easy to wash and perfect for travelling, these cloths are your new cleansing best friends.It’s absolutely incredible how a simple wall makeover can change the look and feel of an entire room. And the best part: you can do it for cheap!
Having a wall makeover may feel daunting at first. You have to move furniture around, you may have to move out for a couple of days if you’re paying someone to paint the walls, and if you’re painting the walls or doing the wallpaper installation by yourself, it feels like a lot of work.
But the point still stands. See these beautiful wall makeovers down here? They’re all entirely possible on a budget and worth a little effort!
“Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” - Tony Robbins
Simple Wallpaper Installation
Here’s an example of how a simple wallpaper installation can change the look of your room for better. Before, this room had a simple (if not bland) white wall, and after, it got a rich and bold pattern that adds texture to the room.
Old Paint vs. New Paint
The first impression is that the place definitely looks like it needs a major facelift, but as far as makeovers go it could have been a lot worse - it just needed a little bit of work and creativity. Enter the beautiful wall painting with new furniture, and BAM! A Pinterest-worthy room coming right up!
Check out hundreds more painting ideas we've selected on Pinterest for you!
From Dark to Cozy
The original room here wasn’t all that bad to begin with, but it was definitely dark and you can imagine how it would feel cramped (maybe even oppressive) if not given proper lighting. The problem wasn’t really the paint color, the room is just too small for such a bold choice on all four walls.
That’s why the makeover went for a lighter paint color idea (and a change of furniture) - it made the room look brighter, more inviting, and a lot more open!
Wallpaper Harmony
This is a classic example of already having a nice color palette going, but there’s just something missing… and in the second image you can see what it was. With a simple wallpaper makeover following the same color palette, the walls and the decor style really come together!
Wood Wall
Wood boards are an incredible look if you’re going for rustic, but they can also be hard to implement and to maintain, and that’s not what we want - we want simple, fast, and on a budget.
Therefore: wood board wallpaper! Yes, that’s a simple wallpaper giving the look and feel of wood boards!
From Basic to Bold
The before example here looks muddy and a bit depressing. How could you save the room without having to spend too much?
One bold dark blue, textured wallpaper installation later and voilá - even the chairs look happier!
Two Birds, One Stone
This complete wall makeover took care of kitchen and living room in one go! There’s always a nice way to use darker shades to create a warm and cozy environment, but with the cabinets being so dark as well, everything just felt too dark.
For the makeover, the Smiths went for total brightness, and oh boy, what a difference!
You can see the entire wall makeover step-by-step at The House of the Smiths!
From Blah to WOW!
Exposed wood is absolutely fine and can be used to great effect, but in this case (perhaps because of how small the room is), it just felt gloomy - like something out of a haunted cabin. It had to be redone.
Once again, going for brightness was the safe bet and it totally paid off! Suddenly the room feels more inviting and more spacious with some straight forward wall painting!
Painting Over Tiles
If you’re going for a bathroom wall makeover, painting over tiles is a very accessible option - and the best part is you can do it by yourself! Pink Little Notebook detailed the progress of the images above on her blog, so check it out!
Painting Over Wood Panelings
Exposed wood again! It sure looks nice for a cabin or rustic home, but that’s not what the homeowners wanted. They wanted a brighter, more modern style. And boy did they achieve it!
The wood was completely painted over for brightness and the floor got the hardwood look instead - pretty much inverted the dark colors from the walls to the floor. As you can see, it feels like a completely new room.
Keep on reading:
Take Your Home from Blah to Wow with These Bold Wallpapers
13 Painting Secrets The Pros Won’t Tell You
10 Incredible Wallpaper Ideas To Transform Your Entryway
Top 10 Paint Color Trends You Need to Try in 2017
15 Surprising and Beautiful Ways to Use Tiles
What did you think of these before and after wall makeovers? Are you planning on giving your walls new life? Let us know in the comments below and don’t forget to follow us on Facebook for more daily inspiration!Join the conversationWindows uses 20gb, then you take the 10GB used for file system pointers, install chrome, firefox, eclipse, and visual studio and the space is basically gone. But wait there is an microsd slot! However, Windows can’t move my libraries to the sd card, then I noticed that some programs won’t install to an sd card, and the deal breaker, Dropbox won’t sync to an sd card. The solution is to create a Virtual hard disk, VHD, and store that on the microsd card and point everything to the VHD.
I wanted a really light and portable computer that I could use in company meetings for notes, traveling, and general web browsing. I also wanted this machine to be able to compile my software projects and be useful for coding. Finally, as a guy who loves technology and wants everything, but can’t afford it, the device needs to be a reasonable price. I went with the [Asus VivioTab Note 8 64GB](). I upgraded to Windows 10 and ran the disk cleanup utility, installed some programs and most of the hard drive was gone. I created a Virtual Hard Drive, VHD, and put that on the microsd card and then had all the programs point to the new VHD. Programs and the OS treat the VHD as a permanent hard drive.
The Plan
- Create A VHD and save it to the Micro/SD Card/USB
- Create Directories for your libraries
- Configure the libraries
- Enable Indexing on the VHD
- Auto Mount the VHD on system boot
Creating the VHD
- Open Disk Management (right click the start menu icon, select disk management)
- Click Action
- Click Create VHD
- In the location field Browse to the Micro/SD card/usb and name the VHD file whatever you like
- Allocate as much storage as you think you will need. (I did the full size of the microsd – 5gb)
- You can use either fixed or dynamically expanding (I used dynamically expanding)
- Click OK
- Find the new disk in the lower panel of Disk Management, should be disk 2
- right click the left box and select “Initialize Disk”
- Click OK
- Right Click the right part where it says “Unallocated”
- Click “New Simple Volume”
- Leave it as GPT, Click next, name it whatever you want, click next
- Select any available drive letter, click next
- click Finish
Create/Configure Library Directories – Optional
- Open File Explorer
- In the Navigation pane, scroll down to the “Libraries” folder
- Single click Documents
- Select the “Manage” Tab in the ribbon bar
- Click “Manage Library”
- Click “Add”
- Browse to the new VHD that you mounted
- Click “New Folder”
- Give it a name (I used “Documents”)
- DO NOT OPEN the folder, just select it and click “Include folder”
- Remove the Default Personal Folder
- Click OK
- Click “Set save Location”
- Select the newly created folder
- Done
- Repeat for each library as needed (Music, Pictures, Videos, etc)
Enable Indexing on VHD – Required
- Open Windows Search (win+s) keys or “Charms Menu” or Cortana
- Type “Indexing Options” and Open
- Click “Modify”
- Select the new VHD you created
- Click OK
- Click Close
The AutoMount Script
- Open windows Powershell as an Administrator (right click and run as administrator)
- Type
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
- Press Enter
- Type
Y
- Press Enter
- Open File Explorer
- Open the C: drive
- Create a folder named something like “VHD_MOUNT” or “MOUNT_SCRIPT” or anything that helps you identify that the script will be saved here
- Open the folder
- In the ribbon bar go to the view tab and check “File name extensions”
- Right click the white space New->Text Document
- Name it Auto-Mount.ps1
- Accept the file name extension change
- Paste the following, remember to Change D to the drive letter of your micro/sd card/usb and use the full path to your VHD file
"Mount-DiskImage D:\YourVHD.vhd"
- Save and close
- Open Windows Search (win+s) keys or “Charms Menu” or Cortana
- Type “Task Scheduler” and open it
- In the left pane select “Task Scheduler Library”
- In the Action menu select Create Task
- General Tab
- Name: Attach VHD
- Location: \
- Description: AutoMount script for the Micro/SD card/ USB VHD
- “Click change user or Group” Type in System in the bottom box and hit check names
- Check “Run with highest privileges”
- Triggers Tab
- Click New
- Begin the task “At Startup”
- Click OK
- Action Tab
- Action: Start a program
- Program/script:
C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe
- Add Arguments:
"C:\<your folder>\Auto-Mount.ps1"
- Click OK
- Conditions Tab
- Under Power uncheck “start the task only if the computer is on AC Power”
- Click OK
Test
Restart your computer and see if the drive auto mounts. If you set up the libraries, take a few pictures and see if they are indexed properly by showing up in the gallery. Add some music and see if it shows up in the music app, etc etc. If you have dropbox already installed you can goto Dropbox preferences -> Account and hit the move button and select the new VHD. Dropbox will do the rest.Worry not. Today we are going to make a prototype of a smart wearable device for distress calls that can connect to your phone via a smart app. At a simple press of button on the smart device, a help message with your current location will be automatically sent to your family member or trusted person who can then come to your rescue.
This device is especially helpful for women to make them feel safe while venturing out.
So, let’s get started with the project.
Materials Required
We will require the following basic electronic components.
Coding
Initialise the SoftwareSerial function with a baud rate of 9600 for Bluetooth communication with the smart app. Then declare an integer variable for storing the value of switch input. (Refer Fig 1.)
Next, create a loop function for checking the previously stored switch value at analog pin A0. We also create an ‘if’ condition for sending a unique number code to the smart app whenever the switch on the device is pressed and the condition holds true. (Refer Fig 2.)
Creating the smart app
After writing the Arduino code, let’s now make the smart app. Go to, click Create Apps and create your account (sign in if you already have one). It’s free and simple for creating Android apps. Once logged in, select Create project and give it a name. Then from the list of tools given on the left hand-side of the screen (Palette), select and add the following tools for the UI display. Drag-and-drop them into the virtual phone screen. (Refer Fig 3.)
Tools
- 3 Text_Boxes
- 1 Bluetooth_Client (select Connectivity ? Bluetooth Client)
- 1 Clock (select Sensors ? Clock)
- 1 Texting (select Social ? Texting)
- 1 Phone_Call (select Social ? Phone Call)
- 1 Location_Sensor (select Sensors ? Sensor Location)
- 1 List_Picker (select User Interface ? List Picker)
- 1 Vertical_Arrangement (optional)
Note: The above-mentioned tools are named as components in the software, so don’t get confused.
After adding the necessary tools for the UI display, click on Phone_Call and enter the phone number you wish to contact. Then click on Texting and enter the desired message along with the same phone number. (Refer Fig 4.)
Then click on Location_Sensor to set Distance Interval to 1 and Time Interval to 1000. These numbers indicate the threshold values for time and location change with every step the user takes. (Refer Fig 5.)
The final app layout is as shown below. (Refer Fig 6.)
Programming the smart app
Now go to the top-right corner on the same window and select Blocks. You will see the layout for coding. Program the smart app as shown below. (Refer Fig 7.)
Connection
Connect the components on the Arduino board as described below
Arduino PIN 10 ————–HC 05 RX
Arduino PIN 11—————HC 05 TX
Arduino Pin GND————-HC 05 GND
Arduino Pin VCC————-HC 05 5V
Arduino A0 ——————Switch Pin
Testing
After making all the proper connections, power the device with a 5V battery and then connect the smart app with Bluetooth. On pressing the switch, the smart app will automatically send the message alongwith the location to the set phone number.
Then what is the use of bluetooth model over here? N bluetooth range is very less then how it will send message to long distance??????
the Bluetooth connect with app and device and smartphone is in pocket or purse. When any unusual activity going to happen just press the button the app do the rest thing for you.This system is helpful for girls and child. You can alos make it in other methods that do not use phone but a GSM module .
So does it work even in cases where maybe someone is lost in the forest?
does it works
Or it remains only as a model on paper??
Yes it works.Ca be improved to more better one.
can you share more details and video of this model
Hi, the video tutorial is already shared with the article. What type of information are you looking for?For phpDocumentor to work you must specify at least a directory or file to scan, or have this information in a configuration file. phpDocumentor won't assume that you want to document the directory from where you run the command.
Running phpDocumentor
In this guide we are going to explain how to generate documentation for your application and how to tune it to your liking. phpDocumentor supports a wide range of options related to the generation of documentation that can help you.
Quickstart 'target folder').
The above options are all you need to generate your documentation as demonstrated in this example:
$ phpdoc -d path/to/my/project -f path/to/an/additional/file -t path/to/my/output/folder
The target folder is optional but if you omit it then your documentation will be generated in a subfolder, of
your current working directory, called
output.
Configuration
Before we continue to discuss the other options that phpDocumentor offers we would like to mention that phpDocumentor
supports the use of a configuration file. All you need to do is add a file called
'phpdoc.dist.xml' to the root of your project, add your options to it and then invoke the
phpdoc command without
arguments.
phpDocumentor will look in the current working directory for the configuration file and use its contents to determine options such as where your project files are and where to output your documentation.
You can override the settings in the configuration on a per user basis using another file called 'phpdoc.xml'. It is
recommended to prevent committing that file to your code repository using, for example, a
.gitignore file.
When present, the file 'phpdoc.xml' is used instead of 'phpdoc.dist.xml' and thus does not supplement it.
--config
- You can even specify an alternate location for your 'phpdoc.xml' using the '--config' command-line option.
For more information on the options and format supported by the configuration it is best to consult the configuration reference.
Influencing the List of Project Files
-dor
-f
- As mentioned in the Quickstart above you can select which directories and files to document using the
-d(for directories and their files) or the
-f(for just single files). You can even provide those options multiple times if you need multiple files or directories.
--ignore
Sometimes you may want to exclude entire directories, or files from your documentation build because they contain unwanted third-party documentation, or because you just don't need to transform documentation content for certain files in your project. The
--ignoreoption lets you specify what directories and files to exclude from your project.
A basic example of the
--ignoreoption is excluding one or more directories from your project. If you have a 'vendor' directory that is not relevant to your project documentation, you can exclude it by specifying
--ignore "vendor/". To exclude the 'vendor' and 'tests' directories at the project root, separate each directory with a comma:
--ignore "vendor/,tests/".
If you have a single file in the 'tests' directory that you want to exclude from the documentation build, you can declare it explicitly by specifying
--ignore "tests/excludeme.php". This command will transform all PHP files in the 'tests' directory except for 'excludeme.php'.
The
--ignoreoption also supports wildcards to indicate that there may be any number of undetermined characters in the path. For example,
--ignore "*/tests/*,tests/*"will ignore any files in a subdirectory 'tests' or if 'tests' is a subdirectory somewhere down the tree./SomethingElse" this is the directory "src" and not the current working directory. When in doubt, check the output of phpDocumentor, it mentions the project's root folder after all files are collected.
--hiddenand
--ignore-symlinks
-
phpDocumentor offers a wide range of options for changing the look and feel of your documentation but almost all of
them are captured in a template (believe me, you do not want to configure this on the command-line). So, the easiest way
is to pick a template using the option
--template.
--template
It is possible to generate output using two templates at once. This can be convenient for generating HTML documentation and Checkstyle XML output at the same time. Generating output for two templates can be accomplished by providing the
--templateoption twice or by using a comma-separated list:
.. code-block:: shell-session
$ phpdoc --template="clean" --template="checkstyle" -d . $ phpdoc --template="clean,checkstyle" -d .
In addition to the options offered by the templates themselves, there are two command-line options to influence the output of your documentation:
--defaultpackagename
- This option changes the name of your 'default',.
File Encoding
--encoding
- phpDocumentor assumes that your project's files are encoded using UTF-8. If your encoding differs you can use the
--encodingcommand line option to instruct phpDocumentor to expect that.
Markers.
--markers
- By default, phpDocumentor only collects markers that start with TODO or FIXME, as these are the most common, but you can provide an alternative list using the
--markerscommand line option.Turur Food Network Chefs efs Neely and Ayanna Johnson loose in a local Sam’s Club and customers just may start e just may start eing more seafood.
Neely and Johnson were the hosNeely and Johnson were the hoss last Saturday (Oct. 24) of a “Chat and Cook” session held in the meat section of Sam’s Club at 7475 Winchester Rd. It was part of National Seafood Month and the Seafood Nutrition Partnership’s (SNP) three-year national public health education campaign targeting Memphis and 8 other cities.
The SNP is a 501 (C) (3) nonprofit whose mission is to “inspire a healthier America through partnerships that raise awareness about essential nutritional benefits of eating seafood.”
A while back, Neely signed on to co-chair the initiative, joining former NBA star forward Detlef Schrempf, who was in Memphis last year helping to lay the foundation for health consciousness through seafood.
Neely’s energy level – yes the same energy level she brings to her TV appearances – takes the Seafood Nutrition Partnership to, well, another level.
“Today we are going to show you guys an easier way and a healthier way to eating seafood,” she said, taking to the mic and turning that section of Sam’s Club into a stage. “I know there are a lot of times you feel like seafood is hard to eat. Is it clean? Can I handle it?”
Then she went on to make the case for replacing two weekly meals with seafood. And she had help. Sam’s Club has developed a cooking bag that Neely and Johnson showed could make cooking salmon way simpler than many may think.
All while tasting good.
Johnson took the lead on the preparation. “It (the new Sam’s cooking bag) makes it simple and easy and has all your times on here,” she said. “It’s perfect for seafood. You open your bag, season up your stuff and pop it in the microwave.”
Neely drew passersby in for the presentation, telling them the bag makes salmon a lot flakier.
“I ask anybody standing here, where can you cook a meal for 20 minutes at 400 degrees with some veggies on the side, throw it on the platter, whip it up and be ready to eat? Sam’s club is making it easier for moms, busy people, people on the go. But you’re also eating something that’s healthy and great and good for your heart. It’s all about being heart healthy.”
Directing people to the seafoodnutrition.org website, Neely said that’s the home for recipes and information and the place to take the heart healthy pledge.
“You commit to eating two meals of seafood. That’s not hard to do.”
Neely and Johnson talked up the value of partnering with others on the journey to better health and maintaining good health.
Calling for the music and getting the party started, Neely encouraged those listening to ease up on fried foods. “In Memphis, if you walk slow enough, someone might fry you,” she said, talking about Memphians habitual tie to eating fried foods.
The bag can be used in both a microwave and a traditional oven.
Neely said getting more people to eat seafood is really about making a mindset shift and then a lifestyle change.
She’s a witness to what can happen to the body by making such shifts and changes, along with exercise. She’s 50 and slim, having transformed her appearance.
“It’s good to get those Omega-3 acids in our body, which contributes to heart health,” she said. “It’s amazing that people don’t think (more) about their heart. You have to put good things into your body to get good things back. That’s what this partnership is all about.”
Radio personality Mark Stansbury just happened to be at Sam’s when Neely and Johnson struck up the chat-and-cook session. He had one thing in his basket – salmon.
“I eat salmon all the time…for about three years,” he said. “My wife said it was healthy and you need to eat healthy. …”
Tangela Wray also happened upon the cooking demonstration while shopping. “I do eat salmon…for the Omega 3. I’m just getting into it,” she said.
“Being a woman of a particular age you start to lose some of the vitamins in your body,” said Wray. “I knew I needed to replenish.”
Being at the demonstration was fortifying her with more and different recipes, said Wray. “I am really interested in seeing the different recipes that are available.ly interested in seeing the different recipes that are available.
Snacking on a sample from the demonstration, Wray said, “It is very flaky and tender. …I think the bag and time (are plusses). If you are not used to preparing fish, you can overcook it. This gives me an exact time.”
As for getting the info from chefs Neely and Johnson, Wray said, “Fabulous,” noting that Neely is in her age bracket.
“She lost a lot of weight and she looks phenomenal. I want to be on her routine.”
(For more information, visit seafoodnutrition.org.)Property Attributes
- Listing#E4264112
- TypeCondos
- CityEdmonton
- AreaEdmonton
- NeighbourhoodErmineskin
- StyleSingle Level Apartment
- Price$ 259,900
- Bedrooms1
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage842
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Courtesy of Taryn Berndt of MaxWell Progressive.
Data Source:
REALTORS® Association of Edmonton
Property Description
Seller will pay first 6 months of condo fee's. Excellent deal for this top of the line loft style condo in One Century Park. Tons of natural light with wall-wall feature windows throughout the main area. Sit up at the island in the gourmet kitchen with granite counter tops, beautiful cabinets, gas stove, stainless steel appliances and marble flooring. Large dining area can easily fit 6 for your entertaining pleasure. Spacious livingroom can suit any type of furnishings including room for a desk area, relax with the fireplace or enjoy a coffee on your balcony. Bathroom features soaker tub and glass shower both with marble surround also marble flooring and puck lighting complete this space. Titled underground parking and storage cage also separate bike locker. Gym is located on the mainfloor just opposite the elevator. Condo fee includes heat, water, electricity and internet. This property definitely has the 'wow' factor.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Pets
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool
Property vs Condos Average in T6J 2X1
Statistics provided by Inside Real EstateAvoid these minimalist mistakes
The minimalist journey is not an easy one, not only to start but also to keep it. I feel people who discover minimalism for the first time want to jump right in and don't stop for a second to see what they are doing.
It is evident that we learn from our mistakes; otherwise, we wouldn't grow. I made some of these mistakes during my minimalist transition, but let me share them with you to make your switch as easy as possible.
1 Focusing only on the material part of minimalism
I reckon this is what I did first and probably what most people do, watching a video on Youtube or reading a blog post, you want to tackle your stuff right away.
I had a lot of stuff, and in a couple of weeks, I reduced everything to mostly basics and a bunch of want items. There's nothing wrong with this, and sometimes it can be useful to take that inspirational moment and run with it, as it could be challenging to find the courage to tackle all your belongings at once.
But it is important to remember that decluttering material things is just the tip of the iceberg. Minimalism is much deeper than that and has many different layers that you must go through.
Some areas in your life that you could declutter first include toxic friends and family (I'm not saying to stop talking to them but to reduce the contact), digital clutter in your devices, and even sad or painful memories.
Most of the time, many of these cluttered aspects of our lives are triggers to keep us buying material things.
Remember to declutter your material belongings, that if you don't solve all the minimalist aspects, those material things will eventually come back.
2 Not getting rid of those things
This ties directly to the previous point, once you declutter you might start thinking about what to do with those items, I was there making piles of items to sell, gift, or donate. The problem was that I never found the time to do it, and the things stood there as a reminder of an unfinished duty, collecting dust and growing slowly.
Whenever you are decluttering go with a plan and as soon as you have gathered those items that you no longer want, take them to the recycling center, give them to a loved one or sell them as soon as possible. Don't let them sit around.
3 Compare yourself
After reading Marie Kondo, I discovered minimalism, my curiosity of decluttering, and living with the necessary naturally guided me towards minimalism.
I discovered Youtube minimalists first, and honestly, I was quite envious of their lifestyle. Their houses look clean and organized, exercise every day, follow healthy diets, and even have the time to travel once or twice a year.
Who doesn't want that lifestyle? I certainly did, but soon I discovered that their lifestyle was not for me, as I'm not an essential minimalist, and I'm not best at doing great work out routines. Minimalism is an incredible tool because it will align with your needs and goals.
Don't try to compare and copy others, as that life won't be authentic, and it is pretty much what many do on apps like Instagram, following and wasting time copying others.
4 Lack of a plan
When you declutter and throw everything that was blocking you, that freedom feeling is hard to explain but is just so good, sadly most people get bored after a while and slowly start buying more stuff and cluttering their homes again.
Before you try anything, ask yourself, where do you see yourself in the next ten years? Early retirement and traveling the world? Homeworking? Whatever your goal is, you want to use minimalism as a driving force to get there.
Don't jump into minimalism without a plan as you will get lost on your way; everything is more comfortable in your life if you have an idea.
I use a notebook, digital sticky notes on my devices, and a whiteboard where I write down all my plans and duties for each day and long term goals.
5 Get rid of everything
As minimalists, we want to reduce our belonging to the basics. Still, let's be realistic for a second; the extreme minimalists got there through a long journey. It's not like they wake up one day and decide they want to become that essential. If they didn't, you shouldn't either.
I was so close to making that mistake, as I was decluttering, the beginning was easy because I was getting rid of broken things, old school papers, expired products, etc. I had to decide on more challenging items like some expensive shoes I wore twice or an old working Nintendo 64 console I no longer used.
Here's what I did, instead of decluttering right there, I took all those items and placed them on a see-through plastic box and let them sit there for six months, if I grabbed anything in that time frame then the object stayed otherwise I had to let it go.
I managed to eventually sell many old DVDs, some videogames, shoes, and other items. Still, I also kept other stuff like those expensive shoes I mentioned before and realized I needed them because they were the only pair I had.
Just don't go crazy throwing stuff away you are unsure about or even worse because you don't like how it looks, more of that in the next point.
6 Declutter to make everything look nice
Just like comparing to other minimalists, in this case, we are comparing to other minimalists homes. We see a pantry with everything color coordinated and want to recreate the look, so we throw away all our containers because they don't match.
I also talk about minimalist design and personally love it, but there are still mismatching containers in my house, more than one broom, and towels of different colors.
There's nothing wrong with improving your space, but being mindful about it and don't declutter to buy more pretty things.
When an item breaks, then you can upgrade it with something that will match a specific color palette that you want but do it gradually or try to find a use for the old items somewhere else before bringing in new things.
7 Force others to become minimalists
When we discover minimalism, we want everyone to learn how wonderful it is too. Still, the truth is this is the worst thing you can do, a minimalist journey is personal, I discovered minimalism by myself, and I think I would have rejected someone telling me how to live my life.
Because nobody wants to be told what to do or made to feel as if their lifestyle is wrong, as a general rule avoid telling others how they should live their lives, it's a recipe for disaster. Instead, lead with example if they are curious they will approach you and ask. That's the best way to guide them towards minimalism.
8 Throwing away others belongings
It's oh so tempting to grab everything and throw it away, and it's much easier to throw away stuff that does not belong to you, but this is even worse than trying to convert someone into minimalism.
You are breaking that respect boundary between you and your loved ones by disposing of their things without considering the reasons they might be keeping them.
Just focus on your stuff and your minimalist path, that will be enough to balance your life, as I said if they are curious and want to learn more about minimalism, they will come to you to ask.
If you have any questions please write it down below and I'll answer it as soon as I can.
Here are some other Minimalist Lifestyle posts you might find interesting.
What is the Minimalist Lifestyle?
10 Ways to have fun without spending money
10 Minimalist Questions to Start your Journey
If you enjoy this content, don't forget to like and share it and subscribe to my blog at the footer of the page for updates and new blog posts.#AYEARATHON discussion
May 2015 - Re-Read > Update On Reading Progress - Day's 1 & 2
Comments Showing 1-28 of 28 (28 new) post a comment »
message 1: by ke-sha (new)
May 02, 2015 09:03PM
reply | flag *
Day 2:
Pages Read Today: 157
Total Pages Read: 157
Books Finished Today: 1
Total Books Finished: 1
Pages read: 155
Books finished: 1
Pages read: 155
Books finished: 1
Pages Read: 284
Books Finished: 0
Day 1 Continued
Pages Read Today: 212
Total Pages Read: 212
Books Read Today: 1
Total Books Read: 1
Sofie, this group doesn't really care about "what" you read during a readathon so much as they just want you to take the time to read and participate...they just use the themes to help you get ideas of what to read...even Ke-sha, one of our hosts has read outside of the monthly theme on occasion
message 21: by Amber (bookstacksamber) (new)
Today I read about 150 pages in PoA.
Day 1- 186 pgs
Day 2- 148 pgs
I didn't quite finish Magic's Pawn yet but I can devour the last 15 pgs with my morning coffee. I have to say, the part of the book I was at for the first half of today had me utterly reduced to a pathetic, blubbering mess. I'm not even exaggerating when I say I felt ALL the feels today! Lol. I'm so glad I picked this trilogy for my reread!
Pages Read So Far: 559
Books Read So Far: 1
message 25: by [deleted user] (new)
I have my book that I want to re-reD in mine, The Lost Hero by Rick Riordan, but Sadly I haven't started it yet. I hope to finish The Maze Runner by this weekend and start The Lost Hero during my #boutofbooks readathon next week.
I am on track to have one of my most productive readathons yet...I am over half way through my first re-read City of Bones
Pages Read Today: 239
Total Pages Read: 451
Books Finished Today: /
Total Books Finished: 1
Only got about three-quarters way through Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone - about 142 pages.
Pages Read Today: 178
Total Pages Read: 333
Books Finished: 1
Books mentioned in this topicA Great and Terrible Beauty (other topics)
The Hobbit (other topics)
Magic's Pawn (other topics)
Queen of the Darkness (other topics)
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (other topics)
More...86 TrustBuilder Reviews in the Stockton-Lodi Area
Estimated Mortgage: $2,635/month . Go to mortgage calculator Estimated monthly payment does not include amounts for taxes, insurance premiums and home upgrades.
Call 888-629-9741 to connect with the builder right now!
Request a Tour Today!
888-629-9741
1691 Cormorant St
Manteca, CA 95337
3Photos
Ready to Build
3Photos
Ready to Build
8Photos
Ready to Build
Manteca, CA 95337
from $684,990
Match!
7Photos
Ready to Build
Manteca, CA 95337
from $640,990
Match!
7Photos
Ready to Build
Manteca, CA 95337
from $613 Haven Villas at SundanceCanadian musician/producer Devin Townsend (STRAPPING YOUNG LAD, STEVE VAI, LAMB OF GOD, DARKEST HOUR, GWAR) has revealed the slipcase artwork "Ghost" — the fourth in a series of albums to be made available under THE DEVIN TOWNSEND PROJECT moniker. Check it out below.
Commented Devin: "The macro shot was influenced by some shots someone on Twitter showed me. But a great photographer named Brian Kibbons did the whole album, and [Travis] Smith [NEVERMORE, OPETH, AMORPHIS, KING DIAMOND] did the layout. There were a whole lot of people who graciously made cover ideas and we're still working on the actual one."
Even though "Ghost" is the fourth album to be made available under THE DEVIN TOWNSEND PROJECT moniker, Devin recorded it third, because "Deconstruction" (the third album) is "a nightmare technically and I wanted to make something lovely before diving into that," Devin previously said.
According to Devin, "'Ghost' is the mellowest (by far) and prettiest record I've done so far" with a "very wonderful vibe." It will be released with "the shitstorm that is 'Deconstruction' simultaneously" — possibly in early April 2011.
Songtitles set to appear on "Ghost" include:
* Feather
* Radial Highway
* Fly
* Monsoon
* Infinite Ocean
* Moonshine
* Texada
* Blackberry
Townsend performed his "Ziltoid The Omniscient" concept album in its entirety on July 2 at Tuska as a special one-off world-exclusive show. His DEVIN TOWNSEND PROJECT also played a set the following day at the festival, which featured additional appearances by TESTAMENT and OBITUARY, among many others.
"Addicted", the second in a series of albums from Townsend to be made available under the DEVIN TOWNSEND PROJECT moniker, came out in November 2009 and has become the fastest-selling solo record in Devin's career.
Click images to enlarge
free in US
This is really more like a jacket than a sweater. Very warm and stylish. I have medium and large sizes left in both the brown and the grey colors.
Hopeful Hills Ranch — Jane Fauskee
30577 N Scandi DR,, Glenwood, MN 56334 | 320-278-3748 or 320-424-0548 | Janefauskee@outlook.com
tmp-urlBackgrounder: Greece's debt crisis
16:14, May 13, 2010
Oct. 20, 2009: The Greek government conceded that the country's deficit continued to surge, exceeding 12 percent of its gross domestic product (GDP) in 2009, well beyond the EU deficit ceiling of three. 9, 2010: Germany considered a plan with its EU partners to offer Greece and other troubled eurozone members loan guarantees in an effort to prevent the spread of the Greek debt crisis.
Feb. 15, 2010: The EU finance ministers said they would give Greece a month to show that it can make substantial progress in cutting its staggering budget deficit.
Feb. 23, 2010: The debt-stricken Greek economy suffered a new blow as the country's four biggest banks were downgraded to the lowest investment status by Fitch rating agency.
March 3, 2010: Greece announced its package of austerity measures, which include cuts in salaries, freezing pensions and raising taxes to help save the country up to 4.8 billion euros (6.5 billion U.S. dollars).
March 25, 2010: EU leaders agreed on a eurozone and International Monetary Fund (IMF) bailout plan for debt-ridden Greece.
April 27, 2010: Rating agency Standard and Poor's slashed Greek debt by three notches to BB+, the highest junk-level rating as the ratings agency said medium-term financing risks related to the government's high debt burden are growing despite the government's already sizable fiscal consolidation plans.
May 2, 2010: EU leaders agreed to activate the aid package for Greece, offering along with the IMF 110 billion euros (about 146 billion U.S. dollars) to the country in the next three years.
For their part, the euro area members would contribute 80 billion euros(105.6 billion dollars), while the IMF would provide 30 billion euros (39.6 billion dollars).
In turn, Athens announced further spending cuts and tax increases totaling 30 billion euros (39.6 billion dollars) over three years, promising to slash its budget deficit to the EU limit of three percent of GDP by 2014 from 13.6 percent last year.
May 4, 2010: Stock markets in the United States and Europe plummeted, and the euro fell to a record low in 12 months against the dollar.
May 5, 2010: An estimated 100,000 workers took to the streets during a nationwide strike against the government's new harsh austerity measures. At least three workers were killed and five others injured during the strike.
May 10, 2010: EU finance ministers agreed on an unprecedented rescue mechanism worth up to 750 billion euros (956 billion U.S. dollars) to prevent the spread of the Greek debt crisis and restore confidence in financial markets.
Under the three-year Special Purpose Vehicle, the largest bulk of the 750 billion euros, or 440 billion euros (560 billion U.S. dollars), would come from bilateral loans from the 16 eurozone countries.
The European Commission would raise 60 billion euros (76.5 billion U.S. dollars) from financial markets on behalf of the EU. The IMF is expected to provide at least half of the EU contribution, or 250 billion euros (318.6 billion U.S. dollars).
May 12, 2010: The European Commission called for tough and even unpopular reforms to reinvent the continent's economic and social model to avoid a scenario similar to the Greek debt crisis.
Source:Xinhua
（Editor：黄蓓蓓）
Related Reading
EU challenges Argentine food import restrictions
Iran welcomes EU proposal for nuclear talks: official
Switzerland welcomes stabilization program for Greece
Greek labor unions call for general strike on May 20
EU unveils blueprint to reinforce economic governance
Finnish parliament approves supplementary budget to rescue Greece
Greek government focuses on ways to boost shrinking economy
EU warns four member states on excessive deficit
Debt crisis demands strong financial regulation in West
EU unveils blueprint to reinforce economic<<Delirity discussion
Comments Showing 1-10 of 10 (10 new) post a comment »
message 1: by Heather (new)
Feb 28, 2012 09:55PM
reply | flag *
message 2: by Nichole ~Bookaholic~ (new)
And another thing that I don't like. Somewhere between books 2 and 3 Wendy stopped talking to people like a normal person. And then somewhere along the way, she's decided she knows more and cares more about everyone in the kingdom. I'm sorry....haven't these people been living this life waaay longer than you? I know that she's the Princess and its her job but seriously. This may be Nightshade all over again. But without me actually loving anything about this series.
message 8: by Shera (Book Whispers) (new)
message 10: by Shera (Book Whispers) (new)
Books mentioned in this topicSwitched (other topics)
Torn (other topics)
Ascend (other topics)Regular price
$19.95
$14.50
Sale
Rainy days happen to all adventurers. Don't let that keep you down or make you miserable. Only our waterproof and windproof/waterproof matches do that!
These matches give you a chance to start that fire and warm up, signal for help, or cook your meals in virtually all weather conditions. One set is waterproof and the other is both wind and waterproof.Vehicle Detail
2014 Porsche 911 (991) 3.8 Turbo S Coupe 2014 Porsche 911 (991) 3.8 Turbo S Coupe PDK seen in Bassalt Black Metallic with Black Leather upholstery.
The king of the 911's and the most usable Supercar available. No other car will get you from 0-62 MPH in just 2.9 Secs but will also accommodate 4 adults whilst doing it.
The Porsche 911 range has always been diverse. Whether you chose the standard Carrera, the Targa or Turbo everyone knows which one sits at the top.........the Turbo S.
You could argue that the GT3/2/RS would be at the top of any ones wish list and if you do most of your driving on track then that place is deserved. However if you live in the real world and drive all year in all weathers the Turbo S thanks to its 4-Wheel drive gets my vote.
The ability to 'spec' your new Porsche is a game that many people will have played on Porsche's online car configurator. The options you can choose are almost endless.
When the original owner spec'd this car it would seam he was focused on making the car the best it could be and choose some killer options.
- Front & Rear Parking Sensors
- Porsche Matrix LED Headlights
- PCCB Porsche Carbon Ceramic Brakes
- 19/20" Centre Lock Forged Alloy Wheels
- Akrapovic Exhaust
- 918 Style Carbon Folding Bucket Seats
- Privacy Glass
- Bose Stereo
- Auto Climate A/C
- PDCC Porsche Dynamic Chassis Control
- Sat-Nav
- Auto Lights & Wipers
- Bluetooth Phone Prep
- Carbon Fibre Interior Trim
- Alacantara Roof Headlining
To arrange a test drive in this car please contact SkillanNaylor Car Company.
Drive this car for only £1,436 per month.
Offer based upon a deposit of £19,500, a term of 48 months and a deferred final payment of £30,000.
Offer subject to status and T&Cs apply. Please contact us for further info.Property Attributes
- ID#1271780
- TypeSingle Family
- CityStittsville
- NeighbourhoodPotters Key
- Style
- Price$ 666,000
- Bedrooms3
- Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
ROYAL LEPAGE TEAM REALTY
Data Source:
Canadian Real Estate Association
Property Description:7434)
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool…
Commander of a notorious group of bandits terrorising communities in Shiroro local government area of Niger state popularly called Alhaji Na Mata, has reportedly surrendered and handed over three AK47 rifles to the Joint Security Taskforce in Iburo general area of operation.
Blueprint learnt that the commander voluntarily handed over himself and turned in the weapons after suffering devastating defeat in a recent encounter with the security taskforce.
A source from the Iburo community said the commander carried out series of banditry-related attacks in the area before the security taskforce began operation some days ago to clear the bandits.
The source said: “The Joint Security Task Force recorded this breakthrough at Iburo community during their operation in the area when the commander voluntarily surrendered himself and his weapons to the Joint Security Task Force. He decided to drop his weapons after two of his sons who were also members of his gang were killed during an encounter with the Joint Security Task Force.”
It was learnt that his group is the third most notorious groups in the area and was responsible for a number of bloody attacks on communities around Shiroro and Munya local government areas.
“After the killing of his two children during an operation by the Joint Security Task Force, he decided to repent and surrender his weapons (about three AK 47 riffles) to the security agents,” Blueprint further gathered.
Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO) in the state, DSP Wasiu Abiodun could not be reached for comment at the time of this report.
It was however gathered that the ongoing operation by the Joint Security Task Force, comprising local hunters and vigilantes, as well as the conventional security agencies has continued to yield positive results with the killing of scores of bandits in the last one month.
Iburo community has remained the epicentre of banditry before the taskforce began operation in the area.
Ebonyi
In a related development, some gunmen in the early hours of Sunday allegedly attacked Nigerian Police Division at Unwana, Afikpo North local government area of Ebonyi state and killed three policemen on duty.
The gunmen reportedly attacked the division at about 2am, killing one constable and two inspectors in the process.
A source from the area who spoke to Blueprint said the gunmen masked their faces and one of them was killed by the policeman who repelled the attack.
“They killed 3 policemen, one constable and two inspectors and the police killed one of the gunmen. Nobody knows the identity of the gunmen and Police have taken away their remains.
“The incident happened around 2 am, nobody knows the route they came from, all we heard was gunshots for about 10 minutes.
“At the moment, there is no information to know if they destroyed or stole anything from the police station. The men were masked but the one killed had his face unveiled by the police to ascertain his identity. He also had red clothe tied around his waist believing it was a charm,” our source revealed. Spokesperson of the state Police commend, DSP Loveth Odah could not answer call put across to her by one of our reporters as at the time of this report.
Editors want collaboration
Meanwhile, the 17the All Nigerian Editors Conference has called for healthy and harmonious collaboration between the media and security agencies in the fight against insecurity across the country.
The conference also admitted insecurity was taking a huge toll on societal life and posting negative development indices in several areas.
“The peace and development, which are germane to further advancement of Nigeria, cannot thrive in times of crises,” the editors said , adding governments at all levels have a huge responsibility to defend, protect and provide for its citizens.
The positions were contained in a communiqué signed by the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) President Mustapha Isah and General Secretary Iyobosa Uwugiaren at the end of the conference held recently in Abuja, with theme “Media In Times of Crises: Resolving Conflict, Achieving Consensus.”
“The problem of insecurity confronting the country is taking a huge toll on societal life and posting negative development indices in several areas. That the insecurity crises stem from leadership failure that has bedevilled the country for many years’’, the communique stated.
The conference attended by 350 editors, security chiefs, and other stakeholders, noted: “There are fears in some quarters that editors and media professionals seem to have taken sides in the raging crises. That journalists and security agents who are first line responders to every flash points appear locked in mutual suspicion.”
The conference resolved: “Governments at all levels have a responsibility to defend, protect and provide for its citizens. That agitations for self-determination, which are raging in the South-east, South-west and the South-south regions do not augur well for the unity of the country.
“The conference called for an end to raging insecurity so that citizens can conduct their normal lives in an atmosphere of peace and concord. That there’s need for healthy and harmonious collaboration between the media and the security agencies in the fight against insecurity.
“There is a need for security agents to appreciate the role of journalists and media professionals and refrain from anything that will abridge it.”
“The conference also advised editors and other media professionals to ensure that they are conflict-sensitive and ensure they do not publish stories that are capable of inflaming ethnic, regional and religious passion, while calling for urgent need to tackle the monster of misinformation and sanitise the media against unprofessional and unethical behaviour.
“The conference also called on government to support the survival of the media as part of the task of building the nation’s democracy and avoid any acts that will put the media in chains.
“While calling on the federal government to confront issues that have given rise to the demands of the different self-determination groups, the conference advised it to endeavour to deal with the different sections of the country on the basis of fairness, equity and justice.
“There is need for government to ensure that its policies and actions are sensitive to the multi ethnic and religious makeup of the country.
“Government needs to commit more resources to education, healthcare and tackle the rising costs of food and other social services,” the communiqué further stated.
The two-day conference was chaired by a veteran journalist, Ray Ekpu, with Group Managing Director, Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Malam Mele Kolo Kyari, as special guest of honour, and President, Newspapers Proprietors of Nigeria (NPAN), Malam Kabiru Yusuf, represented by NPAN Secretary Mohammed Idris Malagi who is also Publisher Blueprint newspapers as guest of honour.
Also in attendance were Kogi state Governor Yahaya Bello, representatives of Kaduna state Governor Nasir El Rufai (represented by the Special Adviser on Inter-Governmental Affairs, Hajia Hannatu Dalhat) and Osun state Governor Isiaka Adegboyega Oyetola(also represented by Deputy Chief of Staff Prince Abdullah Adeyanju Binuyo).
Others were Inspector General of Police Usman Alkali Baba (represented by Commissioner of Police Frank Mba, Force Public Relations Officer); Director General Department of Security Service (DSS) Yusuf Magaji Bichi (represented by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanya), and Director General Nigerian Intelligence Agency (NIA) Ahmed Rufai Abubakar (represented by Mr Emma Engon Anzaku, Director, NIA) and Managing Director/CEO Nigeria Incentive-Based Risk Sharing System For Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL) Aliyu A. Abdulhameed among others.
Ansar-ud-Deen tasks FG
Similarly, the Northern States Council Secretary of Ansar-ud-Deen Society Alhaji Isiaq Sanni has urged the federal government to expose the sponsors and people supporting banditry in Nigeria.
Sanni made the call at the 8th-day Fidau (prayer for a deceased person) of late chairman of Kaduna branch of ADS, Alhaji Liadi Adeyinka Olapade, who died penultimate Friday.
He said Olapade, who until his death was President Yoruba Community in Kaduna state and Muslim Council of Nigeria (MCON), lived, worked and died in advocacy for a united and secured Nigeria through promotion of citizen education.
“Alhaji Liadi Olapade was a philanthropist. The little things we have seen have shown that he is well loved. He did very well for Ansar-ud-Deen Society and humanity at large. Due to his passion for religion and education, which he said is the best way to fight insecurity, he accepted the nomination and represented Northern States Council of Ansar-ud-Deen as board of trustees member of Summit University, Offa.
“It is unfortunate that today, the insecurity that Olapade fought for still persists. Thus, we are calling on government to put in more effort to the fight against banditry and other security challenges, because their current effort is not enough to address the challenges. Government should expose those behind banditry, those sponsoring the insecurity, to let us know those who don’t want Nigeria to progress,” Sanni said
Also in his lecture, Missioner ADS Northern states Council, Alhaji Muyideen Ajani Bello, who was represented by Chief Imam of Ansar-ud-Deen Society, Zaria, Alhaji Tajudeen Akewusekisa, urged Muslims to prepare their exit from life.
He said: “We should all prepare for our exit because many good people have gone. Alhaji Olapade was one of the major donors and supporters of Summit University.
 on the occasion of our anniversary and donated generously.
“There are three types of grave, you are left to chose which one you want. Some peoples’ grave after death will be illuminated till the day of judgement. Some will remain in darkness in their graves; the unbelievers, those who are not true Muslims. Some will remain as if they are asleep till the day of judgment such as righteous humans devoted to their religions, who take their religion with seriousness. We should all look at where we are going, what is next for us.”
President State of Osun Indigenes Association and Public Relations Officer (PRO) Yoruba Community in Kaduna state, Alhaji Yunus Ajao Muibi urged Nigerian youth to emulate Alhaji Olapade. “If Alhaji Olapade could hold six leadership positions successfully, then the youth of today need to emulate him. He was an icon, a bridge builder. He was one of those who fought for the creation of Osun state. He was actively involved in Yoruba community for 25 years serving in various positions.”Our Manufacturing
Vertical Blinds
Shutters
Arches & Specialty Shapes
At our Dean Martin facility, we fabricate and manufacture the Decomatic head rail for vertical blinds. The best made head rail in America when it comes to vertical blinds giving consumers years of trouble-free hassle without worrying about the vertical stem inserts breaking off over time. All of our vanes are manufactured in Ravenna, OH.
General Specifications:
Heavy-duty vertical head rail system capable of rotating and traversing widths up to 240" for residential and commercial applications. The hook replacement feature is provided with all Decomatic head rails. Available in wand or cord controls, head rail is made of extruded aluminum alloy in an Anodized finish.
Each carrier is 5/16" wide with two wheels, molded of self lubricating plastic such as Celcon. The carriers have a geared clutch system for overload protection and stainless steel clutch spring to reinforce positive action. There also is a unique stabilizer bar designed to fit into the extruded slot in the aluminum head rail. The hooks of the carrier are made of a clear, high ultra-violet resistant Lexan and are replaceable even while the unit is installed. The carriers provide the vanes 185 degree rotation.
With a factory dedicated trained team of carpenters, installers and skilled laborers, we take pride in making solid poly and real wood shutters that consumers can enjoy for years to come.
Siegel Poly Shutters
Louver shutter components are made of solid polymer foam under a high temperature with a baked on water borne paint. The poly surface gives you ease of maintenance and durability. Plus these window shutter components offer excellent energy efficiency and are a great sound insulator. The products are green, environmentally friendly, low carbon, energy saving and welcomed by the market and consumers of all ages at home and abroad market has a broad market prospects and marketing space.
Siegel Wood Shutters
We use only 100% North American hardwood in the construction of our wood shutters because of its light weight, consistent color, hardness, structural stability, and attractive grain. Available in Basswood or Alder, they give a high-quality, furniture grade finish. Custom stains are available and add a beautiful look to any decor.
Whether your windows are square, oval, arched, trapezoids, or even egg shaped we can custom make any type of wood shutters or fixed arches to beautify these windows and cut down the heat and glare.
Fixed Arches
Wooden borders available in a smooth or matching shutter profile frames with 2" or 2-1/2" fauxwood blind slats stapled and attached to the frame. Available in a horizontal fixed position or sunburst fan option either partially opened or closed. This is the most cost effective method to treat these windows.
Specialty Shapes
All materials consist of basswood raw components as the basis and are primed and painted afterwards or custom stained to match whatever the order desires. This includes the frames, louvers and stiles. Any customization such as Tableaux inserted with shutter panels, vertical shutters or multi-color facets can also be done at our Dean Martin facility. Lead times may vary based on the extent of the project.Director
Alberto Santiago is a Unity game developer with 7+ years experience, having developed and self-released an indie game for Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and Steam. This project set out on technical endeavours that dived into asynchronous AI, adaptive bots, local and online multiplayer, console development, and variety of unique game mechanics that have never been tried before. Artistically the style explored a hand painterly aesthetic, borrowing from Japanese animated cinema fused together with dynamic 3D elements. The journey was an attempt to unify both artistic and programming skillsets into one ambitious project.
As a 3D Generalist Alberto’s experience includes 12+ years of working in all facets of the animation industry, from modeller of both organic and rigid body shapes, texture/surfacing artist, physics simulations, VFX, rigging, and lighting. Projects include a variety of works from Game Cinematics to TVCs and Feature Films.Boyle SportWalking
6k walk/run on Easter Monday
A 6k walk/ run will take place on Easter Monday at Cavetown Lake.
Registration is from 1.30pm with the event commencing at 2pm
All proceeds will go to Cavetown Amenity Development.
Adults €5 and children go free.
Refreshments served and all are welcome.
(File pic shows a run in Boyle)Head and Shoulders
Skerdian Meta • 3 min read.
Head and shoulders patterns are relevant when the neckline is broken. Once the neckline is broken, we may look to open the trade on the opposite side of the head and shoulders, which means we have to sell. Some traders enter immediately and some prefer to enter on a pullback and then retest of the neckline. The latter option is safer because now we know that this is not just a fake-out. The number of pips targeted in this strategy is the same as the amount of pips between the top of the head and the neckline, although we can't be completely exact. When the market is feeling right and there is more room to go after reaching the target, we might let the trade run, aiming for bigger profits.
'Head and Shoulder’ pattern consists of one high peak (the head) and two lower peaks, one on each side (the shoulders).
Head and shoulders pattern forming on a typical candlestick chart.
Volume decreases with every peak.
Darren Smith
Why Banks & Credit Unions are Turning to ATM USA to Manage their ATMs (Video)
Every financial institution is different and has unique reasons for outsourcing its ATM fleet. For some it's the cost of monthly maintenance, or reducing capital expenses for compliance upgrades and/or replacing machines. For others it's simply a matter of freeing up staff time so they can provide better service to account holders instead of managing the ATMs.
A Partnership You Can Count On.
Regardless of your reasons, partnering with ATM USA to manage your ATM network will:
Reduce Regulatory Burden
Lower Maintenance Costs
Improve ATM Performance
Add ATM Functionality
Expand ATM Network
Increase Security
Free Up Employee Time
Reduce Capital Expenses
Your Single Contact ATM Solution.
And, best of all with ATM USA handling every aspect of ATM management, any issue that may arise will be handled quickly and efficiently by just making one phone call.
Find out if our customized solutions are right for your financial institution. Contact us at sales@atmusa.com for custom consultationKaren Kwan Anderson, Barrister & Solicitor
No seminars planned in near future
Karen earned an Honours B.A. in Sociology at the University of Toronto in 1994 and an LL.B. from the University of Windsor in 1999. She articled with Pace Law Firm and was called to the Bar of Ontario in 2001.
Karen brings over ten years of litigation experience to the Pace Immigration Team by advocating on behalf of clients before the Federal Court and at all levels of the Immigration and Refugee Board, including detention reviews and refugee hearings; appeals of refusals based on residency obligations, medical inadmissibility, and the bona fides of marriage; and appeals of deportation orders.
Whether advising on visa applications or appeal matters, Karen discusses with clients the best evidence required by visa offices and the Immigration Appeal Division and/or Federal Court. Karen's mission is to preserve a client's rights to present evidence before a decision-maker.
Karen is an Honorary Past President of the University of Toronto Alumni Association and is currently Chair of the Board of Directors of the Peel Addiction and Assessment Referral Centre (PAARC), a non-profit organization which counsels persons with addictions to gambling, alcohol and drugs. She has made presentations on Canadian immigration law and procedure to the Canadian Mental Health Association/Peel Branch, Canadian Society of Immigration Consultants (now the Immigration Consultants of Canada Regulatory Council), American Bar Association, The Commons Institute, St. James United Church, YWCA Toronto, and Ontario Bar Association.
In June 2010, Karen appeared in "A Midsummer's Night Dream - The Lawyer Show" produced by Nightwood Theatre in Toronto followed by "Lethal Luau - A Murder Mystery" with the Brampton Music Theatre Group in July and December 2010.
In March 2013, Karen began presenting on the intersection between Canadian immigration law and health care at Kitchener Grand River Hospital, Trillium Health Partners, Toronto East General Hospital and Markham-Stouffville Hospital in light of the increasing diversity of patients with immigration questions.
Karen is an Arbor Award recipient, in recognition of her outstanding volunteer service at the University of Toronto. She is the President of the In-Pace Toastmasters Club for the term 2012-2013.
On April 13, 2013, Karen represented Division G at the Evaluation Contest of the District 60 Spring Conference in Toronto.Oculus Dining Table
2676
Dimensions
Overall 96"L x 42"W x 30"H (220 lbs)
Overall 243.84cm L x 106.68cm W x 76.2cm H (99.79 kg)
Our Oculus Dining Table is covered in dyed eucalyptus veneer. The cool grey tones are perfectly juxtaposed by the gold leaf ocular accents on the base. Measuring 8 feet in length, this grand table is perfect for entertaining.
Benefits of Registering
- Order Online
- View Inventory
- Create Projects
- Download Tear Sheets and Product Images
- Receive our latest updates
Registering for Global Views also registers for Studio A | Home
Oculus Dining Table
IMAGE GALLERY
VIDEO GALLERY
Retail Locator
Google patents granted on 24 July 2012 Posted on July 24, 2012 33 US patents granted on 24 July 2012 and assigned to Google 1 D664,185 Wearable display device 2 D664,184 Wearable display device section 3 8,230,361 Content feed user interface 4 8,230,324 Ad size capture tool for publications 5 8,230,318 Selective image editing in a browser 6 8,230,246 Activating a computer device based on the detecting result from a single touch sensor if the battery level is high 7 8,230,104 Discontinuous download of media files 8 8,230,102 Combining and serving media content 9 8,230,016 Determining intent of a recommendation on a mobile application 10 8,230,009 Transmission of input values using an unreliable communication link 11 8,229,959 Sharable search result labels 12 8,229,957 Categorizing objects, such as documents and/or clusters, with respect to a taxonomy and data structures derived from such categorization 13 8,229,942 Identifying negative keywords associated with advertisements 14 8,229,925 Determining search query statistical data for an advertising campaign based on user-selected criteria 15 8,229,915 Content item arrangement 16 8,229,873 News topic-interest-based recommendations twiddling 17 8,229,864 Predictive model application programming interface 18 8,229,862 Methods and systems for rating associated members in a network 19 8,229,732 Automatic correction of user input based on dictionary 20 8,229,715 System and methods facilitating collaboration in the design, analysis, and implementation of a structure 21 8,229,666 Generating and using pattern keys in navigation systems to predict user destinations 22 8,229,471 Techniques for automatically activating or deactivating a phone associated with a virtual phone number 23 8,229,464 System and method for identifying correlations between geographic locations 24 8,229,442 Derivation of minimum coverage of cellular sectors with cellular-site spatial density and application specific data 25 8,229,219 Full-length video fingerprinting 26 8,229,174 Technique for estimating motion and occlusion 27 8,229,156 Using curve invariants to automatically characterize videos 28 8,229,079 Propagating user status information across computing resources 29 8,228,837 Maintaining network connectivity 30 8,228,346 Systems and methods for displaying fixed-scale content on mobile devices 31 8,228,315 Methods and systems for a virtual input device 32 8,228,292 Flipping for motion-based input 33 8,228,215 Identifying misrepresented characters in strings of textA whopping 89% of Netlix’s new “Palestinian Stories” series, competely misrepresenting the Jewish state, were directed by anti-Israel activists promoting BDS.
By United with Israel Staff
The vast majority of films featured in Netflix’s new “Palestinian Stories” collection were directed by BDS supporters, the pro-Israel watchdog organization Im Tirtzu uncovered.
Last week, Netflix announced the launch of a new collection of 32 Palestinian films aimed at highlighting Palestinian life. As of Monday, the streaming giant uploaded 28 of the 32 films to its collection.
A new exposé by Im Tirtzu revealed that of the 28 Palestinian films currently on Netflix’s platform, 25 of them (89%) were directed by BDS supporters. The 28 films were created by a total of 19 directors, 16 of whom (84%) support boycotting Israel.
Im Tirtzu further discovered that 12 of the directors called to boycott Israel as recent as May 2021, signing an open letter titled “A Letter Against Apartheid.”
“Palestinians are being attacked and killed with impunity by Israeli soldiers and armed Israeli civilians who have been roaming the streets of Jerusalem, Lydda, Haifa, Jaffa and other cities chanting, ‘Death to Arabs,'” read the letter.
The letter accused the Israeli government of perpetrating a “massacre” in Gaza and of protecting and encouraging “murder, intimidation and violent dispossession.”
At its conclusion, the letter called to boycott Israel.
“We call for an end to the support provided by global powers to Israel and its military…Israeli apartheid is sustained by international complicity, it is our collective responsibility to redress this harm.”
Critics of the new Netflix collection argue that the films portray a biased depiction the conflict while glorifying terrorism and omitting the thousands of terror attacks perpetrated against Israeli civilians.
“It is unforgivable that Netflix has become an outlet for the spread of material written by propagandists who seek to boycott Israel and remove it from the map,” said investigative journalist David Collier.
“This at a time of rising global antisemitism,” Collier continued, “much of it disguised as anti-Israel activity. Instead of Netflix supporting moderate voices – it has acted with gross irresponsibility, and by promoting the voice of extremists – its actions can only do harm – both to Israelis and Palestinians.”
Emily Schrader, a journalist and a leading activist against BDS, said: “It is unfortunate that Netflix is giving a platform to directors who advocate division and bigotry in the arts of all places. Film and music are tools that bring people together, yet Netflix is elevating those who actively promote hatred and reject cooperation.”
Matan Peleg, CEO of Im Tirtzu, called it “disgraceful that Netflix is featuring propaganda films directed by BDS supporters whose sole goal is to slander and delegitimize the only democracy in the Middle East.”
“If Netflix wants to tell the Palestinian story, it should start by contacting the thousands of bereaved Israeli families who are victims of Palestinian terrorism,” Peleg! January 19, 2009
Binding CD/Spoken Word
Edition Unabridged
Book category Adult Fiction
ISBN-13 9781400106813
ISBN-10 1400106818
Dimensions 1.50 by 5.50 by 6.50 in.
Weight 1.15 lbs.
Original list price $49.99
Other format details audio
Summaries and Reviews
Editions
CD/Spoken Word
With S. M. Stirling | Mp3 una edition from Tantor Media Inc (January 19, 2009)
9781400156818 | details & prices | 5.25 × 7.25 × 0.50 in. | 0.14 lbs | List price $34.99
The price comparison is for this edition
With S. M. Stirling | Unabridged edition from Tantor Media Inc (January 19, 2009)
9781400106813 | details & prices | 5.50 × 6.50 × 1.50 in. | 1.15.The Center Delivers WIN-WIN-WIN Solutions
The Center for Workforce Inclusion’s programs empower older workers and assist cities and employers, creating a wide-ranging positive economic impact. Our programs exist to serve low-income, older job seekers with a focus on communities who have been traditionally underserved by workforce programs such as Veterans, women, and job seekers who were formerly incarcerated.
The Senior Community Service Employment Program (SCSEP)
The Senior Environmental Employment Program (SEE)
The Forest Service – Agriculture Conservation Experienced Services Program (FS-ACES)
The Natural Resources Conservation Service – Agriculture Conservation Experienced Services Program (NRCS-ACES)
The National Park Service Experienced Services Program (ESP)
US Fish and Wildlife Service Experienced Service Program (FWS-ESP)
Job Seekers who were Formerly Incarcerated
The Center, during its nearly 60-year history, has gained specific expertise working with older workers who were formerly incarcerated and their employers. With 10,000 potential job candidates re-entering the workforce every week, the Center realizes that reintegration is a key factor in the future of economic development in the U.S. Therefore, through our sister innovation lab, CWI Labs, we launched an initiative to transform our experience with workforce training, placement, and support programs into innovative approaches exclusively to successfully reintegrate job seekers who were formerly incarcerated into their communities.Archives
Basic steps to Fast money Loans in Baltimore, MD
In just about any credit business, you cant do without a credit history check, you could find companies where they turn a blind awareness of a low score. They have been, for example, cash Loans in Baltimore. Such solution will plainly go through the control linked to the consumer, in the event that rating is low, this will probably maybe maybe not create a refusal.
But right here there was clearly an illness вЂ“ it is actually impossible for right right here become delays inside the loans currently in place. Otherwise, getting in a way that loan from signature loans in Baltimore MD is certainly not too much. This payday loans lender New Hampshire is accomplished, as an example, on the webpage. This could need:
It truly is merely as effortless to settle that loan вЂ“ online or when you look at the cash desk of any bank this is certainly us.
Precisely what is an instant payday loan online?
This loan is taken without making home by way of an ongoing solution that problems money right to the card.
Go directly to the internet internet site, spend just 10-15 mins and get that loan on your very own own charge that is own card. Everything are very easy!
The ability of the means of re solving financial dilemmas is obvious:
Keep your time and effort вЂ“ you donвЂ™t have to get anywhere, stay static in lines, fool around with a quantity of papers; provider 24/7 вЂ“ you’ll be able to simply take that loan on line towards the card when you want; finance institutions will not assist holidays/weekends whenever rain/snow it is actually inconvenient to reach during the standard bank branch, so the most suitable option is a fast pay day loan. Consequently, unsecured loan Baltimore is the most easily of good use round-the-clock associate! The financier that is online work with you instantly find the numerous provides that are lucrative.
What the total email address details are in case re payment is delayed?
When it’s perhaps not feasible to return the amount that is complete time, issue a prolongation is present for virtually any customer. This is actually a continuous solution which helps it be feasible to provide the legitimacy of this loan contract.
Through the duration of the extension, you only need certainly to invest interest, and the loan human body itself cannot be paid later.
In the case which you took that loan on the web and often usually do not spend, along side regular delays вЂ“ representatives regarding the business enterprise will contact you first, and after that enthusiasts. To help you never to ever proceed through countless telephone calls from collection workplaces, it really is definitely better to be in your loan on time.
For just what purposes do you are given by them loans?
Baltimore payday advances are provided for every function. No one will ask you to answer where you’ll spend money вЂ“ spend money for the scholarly studies, purchase equipment, make repairs or spend anything when you consider the restaurant.
Your investing is merely your organization. These loans that are online absolutely with loans, where they often times times make alternatives on the basis of the goals that you’re planning to invest some funds.
Overview
Payday improvements Baltimore MD is simply a possibility that is great youвЂ™ll need supplemental income instantly. Repaying that loan may be straightforward as hoping to get it. That is through with precisely the exact same card regarding the businessвЂ™s webpage or at a branch of each bank that is us. The amount should be spent by you of money on time because, into the termination about the contract, increased interest begins to accrue. Payday loan Baltimore Maryland is an easy method that is re that is great re resolve short-term monetary dilemmas.Paul Daniels was working on new magic tricks just months before he died of an inoperable brain tumour.
His magician son Martin told the Sunday People the star hoped to tour with the new act and worked on the tricks in the lead-up to a Christmas panto run last year.
Now Martin has vowed to keep his dad’s memory alive by performing the illusions they developed together.
“Every year he worked on fresh material and just before panto he was developing things,” said Martin, 52.
“He was looking into 2017 tour dates and he always wanted his shows to include new tricks for his fans.”
He added: “Dad and I would often work on new material together. We’d come together, discuss ideas, then go our separate ways and practise.
“Weeks later we’d come back together to see how a trick had worked. Sometimes it would work better for my show, on others it would be better for Dad.
“There was no better person for me to learn from. He was the master. I will miss him terribly.”
Teesside-born Paul, 77, died on Wednesday night at his Berkshire mansion, in the arms of his wife and performing partner Debbie McGee , 57.
The couple shared Paul’s favourite Magnum ice creams, cracked jokes and sang his favourite Beatles songs. Then he fell asleep and passed away.
Debbie rang Martin in Nottingham with the news just after midnight.
He relayed the information to family members, telling his children that grandad had simply fallen asleep.
Martin, who performed with Paul for three decades, had last seen him a week earlier when he rushed home from a cruise ship on which he was working.
He had planned to visit his dad on Tuesday but Paul was struck down with a nasty chest infection.
Paul’s tumour pressed on the part of his brain processing information and the family did not to tell him he was dying to ensure his last days were serene.
Martin said: “To see a bright man like that was difficult for us. So we wanted to take control of things.
“Most importantly, we wanted to make sure Dad’s final weeks were as peaceful as possible. We wanted life to carry on as normally as it could.”
Cancer had been diagnosed five weeks earlier when medics told the family they could do nothing to help Paul – and could not say how long he had left.
He had been rushed to A&E by Debbie after tumbling at home, following a series of dizzy episodes that saw him treated for a thyroid condition.
This could have been masking symptoms of his brain cancer, meaning that it was too late for potentially life-saving treatment.
Martin said that when his dad first knew of his condition, he was still the same larger-than-life character he had been during his heyday.
He set up a fundraiser to help brain tumour research.
Martin said he and his brothers Paul Jr and Gary agreed that in his final days it was best not to frighten their dad with the seriousness of his condition.
But they said they were shocked at how quickly Paul passed away.
As his brain function slowed, they limited Paul’s morphine painkiller doses so he could enjoy time with them.
Tributes from showbusiness stars worldwide have flooded in, with Martin’s phone ringing off the hook.
Martin also paid tribute to Debbie, saying she has been the strongest figure in the aftermath of Paul’s death.
On Friday, Martin and his two children were with Debbie at her home, discussing arrangements for the funeral, with a date yet to be finalised.
For Paul’s family and friends, he said, it will be an opportunity to remember a truly magical life. They’ll like it, a lot.Good morning, and a merry Christmas to all of you — unless you are one of the Jehovah’s Witnesses who were banging on doors in my street early yesterday morning, in which case you can get stuffed.
We decided to stay at home this year. No family, no friends; just the two of us. That may sound a little misanthropic, but it was the first time we’d ever had Christmas alone and it did us the world of good to lounge around in pyjamas all day.
Bought locally where possible; all our vegetables from Cruson (£3.20 for three days worth of vegetables; that’s value you won’t get in the supermarket), all our booze from one of the plethora of shops around the Green, all our supplemental foods from Spar. Only the duck came from elsewhere.
Christmas Eve we went out for a drink and something to eat. First to the Phoenix: we arrived at just after 7pm, and there were about eight other people there. The quiz had been abandoned due to lack of interest, again. So quiet was it that they decided to close the kitchen at about 7.15pm, so we went elsewhere.
We knew the Sun & Doves was closed, so we decided to try the Dark Horse. That was closed too, so we ended up in the Grove/BRB for a pizza. It too was very quiet; only about six people in there, until a large group arrived later.
The Grove is going to close down on January 27th for a month; they’re removing the pizza oven and going to install a kitchen upstairs to serve more standard pub food. The feel is going to be modern traditional, apparently. It’s going to be like the Clock House in Peckham, if you know that one; the landlords from there are coming to run the Grove.
Went to watch the Arsenal game in the Cadeleigh Arms yesterday; their refit is finished now, and it’s working a lot better than it was. Lots of sofas, some well-placed TVs for the sports, and the same welcoming atmosphere from the staff and regulars. You wouldn’t go there for a big night out, but it’s the perfect place for a relaxing pint or two. Some of the regulars walk (or drive) past five or six other pubs to get there.
I’ll be in there next Saturday if anyone fancies buying me a pint to celebrate the festive season.
50 thoughts on “A Camberwell Christmas”
Merry Xmas everyone!
Hubby and I also had a quiet one at home together.
We currently have no plans for New Years Eve and are thinking of just pubbing it in Camberwell…Not sure where though…
Merry Christmas! I went away, and am going away again for NYE, but I’m sure Camberwell will be lovely.
This is entirely off-topic for Christmas, but I was wondering if anyone could recommend an SE5-based doctor/doctor’s surgery? I am new to the area and have to register somewhere, but I know not where…
Howdy neighbours. It’s time I stopped lurking and actually posted something.
We catered for ten on Christmas Day and sixteen yesterday. Entertainment included an improvised puppet show and some ukulele and guitar bashing. Four generations spanning two to ninety-two and a heap of old friends made it a joyful and moving experience — even for this devout atheist.
Mrs Tinfoil will be hoping for a bit of dancing to see the new year in. Any suggestions for bopping in Camberwell?
hey Alex — welcome to sunny Camberwell.
Can’t speak highly enough of St Giles Surgery in St Giles Road. Might be a bit of a waiting list though, to get on their books.
Amanda — Apparently the Castle is open for free on NYE up until 9pm when entry is ticket only (not sure what tickets cost.) So that’s where we will be — thankfully, they still have Blanc on tap.
I had a half of Blanc there the other day — yuck! What’s all the fuss about? it’s really horrible!
Merry Christmas btw.
or maybe you can’t say merry christmas after it’s over, in which case happy new year.
No pizza at BRB?
What!
That’s the only reason I go there, unfortunately. Perhaps they should just succumb to the inevitable and start serving average Thai food like every other pub in London.
I hate it when somewhere that does something I quite like stops doing it..
Eyechild — The BRB has been really poor over the last year or so — the last time I had a pizza there it wasn’t very good not up to their original standard when they first opened — I would welcome a pub that did traditional grub — Sausage and Mash,Steak and Kidney,Fish and Chips — done properly and with a bit of loving care, you can’t really go wrong…
Sun and Doves is always free on NYE and always good atmosphere — like a large house party very friendly and happy. Also we’ve invested a couple of grand in a new pa system and dj decks (as yet unused) and that’s on top of the new seats, interior, new bar and all the rest — and we’ve been there since the dawn of time — only Brendan at Hermits Cave has been an owner of a local hostelry longer than we.
Thanks for letting me back in and sorry for any confusion over my exclusion.
I went to the George Canning on Christmas Eve. good atmosphere but no difficulty in getting a seat.
Alex — We’re very happy with the Camberwell Green Surgery, on the corner of Camberwell New Road and the Green. They will only admit people from specific streets, however — you will need to check.
If you don’t mind travelling a bit for your pizza, head over the hill to the Magdala in Lordship Lane. They do 2 for 1 on Mondays and Tuesdays and are far better than the BRB has ever managed.
I’m all for a trip over the hill.
I don’t agree with people who begrudge East Dulwich its relative success.
Our proximity to East Dulwich and Clapham should be seen as a strength.
Rather than criticise the gentrification of areas such as these I think we should embrace it in the hope of following suit.
When trying to register recently with a doctor we found that all the practices had clear catchment areas (even down to different sides of streets) they dealt with. Most said that they were unable to register patients from outside their area unless there was a good reason.
The full list of surgeries in the SE5 area is on the Lambeth and Southwark Primary Care Trusts ’ websites and. We are resgistered with Myatts Field Surgery in SW9 which apparently is closest to us in the Myatts Fields area — they seem to be good although I have only attended for the initial registration consultation so far.
Got sidetracked up there… as for doctors’ As Mumu says there’s a catchment area issue but St Giles’ surgery have been consistently very good for us — two adults, male female and two children, for well over a decade.
Hi Alan, welcome back. Another of your comments got caught in the spam filter, but luckily I spotted this one and was able to rescue it. If it happens again, let me know by sending a private message on the SE5Forum and I’ll try to rescue again.
My wife’s also a fan of Odie & Amanda, and I’m glad we have it here and hope it is successful. I think Camberwell needs a good balance and variety of shops in order to thrive.
Thanks Peter. Your help is appreciated.
Hello, i hope everyone had a good Christmas. as usual i was in the country with family so missed a Camberwell Christmas, but i’m enjoying these few quiet days before New Year in London.
The boyfriend and i went to The Phoenix on Wednesday night , and although it wasn’t very busy we had a great evening, i think it’s becomming my favourite pub in Camberwell, after the Sun and Doves.
If anyone is looking for pub pizza i can recommend the pizzas at the Gowlett arms — i went there a couple of months ago and was very impressed — they’ve manged to get the balace of new and old right so it feels family friendly but still like an old school pub.
Alex — Advice on doctors — as other people have said here it often depend on where you live. I go to the Corner Surgery on Coldharbour lane — i find them perfectly good — although i didn’t have muc choice in the matter!!
And on a final note — more news about the apparent decline of the Castle — my flatmate went there just before Christmas and reported the filet steakburger is now a shadow of its former self.
Walked past the BRB last night at about 7pm — almost deserted, just two tables of people and a couple of guys at the bar. Oh dear.
The Phoenix has redeemed itself — it now has a reliable supply of Frulli on tap as well as other interesting beers, a Canadian one and Erlinger.
On a separate note, does anyone know anywhere that is more drab and depressing than the Camberwell post office. It feels such a sad place, all it needs surely is a lick of paint a bit of colour and some more cheerful people behind the counter.
It gets my vote for the most depressing place in Camberwell.
I couldn’t agree more about the Post Office. A couple of years ago a sign went up saying that it was to be refurbished by means of a partnership with the private sector — I assume this meant that a company such as Rymans (which took over the running of a post office in High Holborn a few years ago) would put money into improving the premises, retailing stationery and similar items, and generally providing a better service. But that all seems to have been forgotten — presumably because the proposed partner got cold feet.
To make a bad situation even worse, it’s not even possible to post a letter there when the premises are closed.
The staff seem to me to be remarkably good humoured and patient, in the circumstances. The place seems to attract some of the saddest and most unlovely people in Camberwell — I used to dread going there because during my 10–15 minutes in the queue someone was bound to start swearing at the staff or one of the customers.
These days we go wherever possible to the small PO in Peckham Road, opposite the Art College. Service with a smile not always guaranteed, but certainly a better experience than going to Denmark Hill.
yeah the main camberwell post office is awful. From what i’ve seen the Peckham road PO has a strange policy with the drinkers who live in the flat above. From what i’ve seen personally, coupled with stories from friends who’ve lived nearby the deal seems to be that the drinkers cash their giros tin the PO for booze, and then can earn more booze by sweeping up outside etc. hence the presence of the plastic chairs for them to sit on etc.
@squidder —
If that’s true about Peckham, Jim Fitzpatrick would be pleased. After taking away several essential community services from Post Offices, he wanted them to think more creatively about revenue.
I think that all Post Offices should be abolished — Why do we need such large premises for the simple task of posting letters or a parcel? And they always smell of mothballs and stale urine — what’s that all about — I’ve always been liberal left but I think that Post Offices are unessasary in an urban metropolis (the rural countryside is an entirely different matter) — all their facilities could be incorporated from specially designated newsagents or independent shops (which would benefit them with extra passing trade) — most of what the PO do is dead simple…although Parcels may well have to be sent from the Parcel Collection Office…
We live in different worlds eusebiovic. In mine we need more post offices not less. Its not possible or practical to incorporate all PO services into other types of shops. This is actually what the government is currently trying to do. Of course you realise that posting letters and parcels represents only a fraction of the post offices activities. Are you suggesting that small shops have copies of the thousand odd forms that the post office dispenses, plus someone to explain what they’re for and the right stamp on completion? Or do you think that in a metropolis everyone has a computer and knows how to find the relevant form online? An independent shop can’t offer all the services needed for this bureaucratic society. Fantastic idea about the Parcel Collection Office, it has such convenient opening hours.
eusebiovic — interesting point about rural communities.
I am worried that the Government’s real motive in taking away the PO card account is to make less visible the burgeoning population who are either (a) economically inactive and dependent on the Government pension or (b) trapped or content in welfare, without belief that work will lift their quality of life. I don’t think we should pretend these people are not there and growing in number. It would be a mistake to hope for them all to remain in their hovel high rises, get their giros by Internet and take meals on wheels. Far better that such vulnerable individuals are encouraged to come into communities areas regularly, and perhaps to find an economic role, paying taxes which would benefit us all.
My own view is that urban communities, particularly in inner cities, need small POs even more than rural areas, because their sense of community is weaker, and their need for community greater, than rural areas. But this is because the concept of urban locality is often misunderstood. I, like many, do not regard a twelve minute walk to Camberwell Green as local, and no more convenient than a bus trip to Pimlico, or car ride to Dog Kennel Hill.
In addition, policy makers routinely refuse to recognise shopping areas outside recognised centres such as Camberwell Green. So I am really grateful to the Camberwell New Road PO for giving us a badge of retail respectibility with which to negotiate with Southwark for fair trading conditions.
But this comes down to whether the PO is primarily a business or a public service and opinions will vary, rightly. Even the Government recognises, however, that POs have a public service element.
Ok maybe not all post offices but a great example of a modern Post Office is on Westminister Bridge Road near Lambeth North Station — The PO there has been incorporated into a Spar convienience store — it offers the full range of PO services including a foreign currency exchange and the staff are fully trained — 2 tills deal with shopping only and 4 tills deal with PO matters and any shopping you may have picked up — The staff are always really friendly, which helps much more than the usual PO staff!!! — I quite like this set-up but wouldn’t want it in say a huge Tesco or Sainbury’s — I think a tube station or train station is also an excellent location for a Post Office…
I’ve been in that one, it’s good. Having these sorts of post offices so as to avoid scrapping local ones is a fine idea. But, judging from the queue at the Camberwell Green PO (which one Saturday morning took me 45min to get through to a rude and slapdash cashier), there’s a supply and demand argument that suggests this is not just a question of needing to fundamentally realign PO functions with those of other trades in order to make them sustainable. Again, the smaller POs just can’t stock all the forms, when I tried to do my business at the PO opposite the then Somerfield on Peckham Road I was told that they didn’t have hold passport renewal forms there — they don’t do much more than the basics. The increase in online trading, not least ebay, has meant that postal services are in demand as never before. Email may have cut down on some business processes but these have been more than matched by new internet driven needs.
Regeneguru has yet again hit my nails on their heads.
More post offices should be the norm in densely populated areas. Each urban community centre should be provided with eveything the locals need so they never have to use vahicles. Indeed I reckon that urban areas could easily be regarded as rural areas without any of the drawbacks (which all revolve around there being NOT ENOUGH PEOPLE) and treated as such by all and sundry. We should be able to get everything we want within an easy walk so there’s no need to even think about transport, bikes, cars buses. Going up town should be a treat done once a year or so.
Incidentally there’s no reason on earth why a post office can’t have a computer and print out forms as needed when demand, er demands.
Camberwell Post Office is a particularly politicising experience. I spend far too much of my life in there. Probably around three hours a month whcih is ridiculous. see here for what it’s like if you don’t already know
Good — So more Post Offices like the one on Westminister Bridge Road…and before anybody says that that branch might not have the social aspect of Camberwell, it too gets the majority of it’s custom from the surrounding housing estates where there are vulnerable people that need to be helped and attended well…
Eva is quite right to say that the postal service is in demand as never before because of the increase in online trading. I do not understand why Royal Mail has failed to recognise that simple fact. Instead it cuts deliveries to one a day. And though I have no doubt that most of its employees are conscientious, it seems to have recruited a few in Camberwell who specialise in delivering mail to the wrong address.
Carole — I’ve noticed that the Royal Mail have been using more than a few agency staff around here lately — A lot of my neighbours complained and our original postman was re-instated on his regular round…
@ Eva — comment 24 above — I love the sideswipe at Camberwell Sorting Office. They refuse to deliver parcels or “signed for” mail to where I live and instead put a card through saying “sorry you were out when we called”. This went on for years and, as I work, I assumed that they had actually tried to call, but one day, I heard the card come through, opened the door to a flustered postman and asked for my parcel. He told me he didn’t have it on him and that I had to visit the Sorting Office — which only opens during normal working hours plus Saturday mornings. I wrote to Harriet Harman about this and they denied that they were doing what they were doing. As if by magic, I started receiving this sort of mail once more, but they’ve started their old games again in recent months.
I have a very similar story. I used to write complaints to Royal Mail after receiving calling cards despite being in. I have had lots of replies along the lines of ‘sorry you had a bad experience… bladee blah… tough titties, yours sincerly’. Sorting Office hours are not even full working hours- 8am to 1pm on weekdays, until 12 noon on a Saturday. I now give out my work address for anything oversized or requiring a signature.
I agree with eusebiovic about reducing the number of post offices.
I think they should be replaced with increased library based free internet.
There is no sense in keeping hard copies of forms that can be easily downloaded in an instant.
The forms for the new biometric passports are not available online (or I would have downloaded them). The post office charges an £8 fee for their passport service which includes some kind of validation. I believe the only alternative is to go to Westminster to sort it out. So, the Home Office and several other government departments would also need to sort their acts out to make your suggestion realistic.
One of my jobs involves teaching people who’ve never used computers how to do the basics. Some people, primarily but not exclusively people of older generations, have major problems learning how to use computers. They really totally don’t get it however patiently you explain the same thing for the tenth session. Fair enough. So the problem is not just about internet access or even about training. If you teach someone how to download a form, and then they don’t need to do it again for a year, they just forget. Or else they get lost in a maze or shite website design (and there are so many terribly designed governmental websites!).
When I first moved to Camberwell I had a few months without Internet access and I realised what a nightmare the Public Library is. It’s got rubbish opening hours, too few computers and you have to book your Internet time slot way in advance. The amount of investment needed to make Library Internet access a realistic alternative, and then to maintain the licences and keep the computers up to date, would be much greater than the money needed to sort the Post Office out.
Not that I’ve thought about this before or anything…
It sounds like you are advocating improved websites, better internet access and more assistance with internet access. If so then you have my support.
Not sure about your figures for the relative costs of internet access versus post offices.
We already have very cheap internet access at a number of web cafes in Camberwell.
re web cafes — ID theft is the fastest growing crime in the UK.
Good points Eva.
2005/2006 Number Crunching — Private Eye style
Amount spent by government on consultants, on work that could have been carried out using existing civil service in-house capacity: £2,800,000,000.
Cost of underequipping our forces in Iraq and Afghanistan: £1,264,000,000.
Amount ‘lost’ by the Post Office: £208,000,000.
Whether our priorities are social inclusion and the free circulation of resources, or headline costcutting, this is the spending context.
For some, added value graphs and modelling are more important than continued free banking, stronger local economies and lower crime. Others will see the threat to Post Offices as part of the trend of a dramatic decrease in social mobility under Labour, and increased ghettoisation (recent LSE study).
The PO logo is also economically valuable to Tourism UK plc, as one of the most famous logos in the world. However, balance sheet bean counter purists will have difficulty with this concept, as with the concept of money saved from strengthening communities and lowering crime.
Good point- make sure you don’t enter your credit card details when you download your forms.
Are there figures for IT costs available somewhere too? I work for a higher educational institution that has 200 members of staff and around 2,000 students. The cost of keeping IT secure, functional and legal is massive! It needs to be continuously renewed and the costs get higher every year.
The time cost is another consideration. I consider queuing for 45 min at the post office for a form too much. I likewise consider making people spend 30–45 min to log onto a computer, find the form and print it out too much. For a lot of people anything to do with computers is stressful and Internet cafes are inconvenient if you’ve got wailing kids with you. At Columbia Internet cafe it’s 50p minimum computer charge plus 10p per page printed. Some forms are lengthy. That may not sound like a lot of money for some people but it adds up and I don’t think we should have to pay for government forms on principle — we pay enough to have them processed.
Still not convinced?
Once we are regularly logging on for these forms, as with tax returns, I suspect we will also be submitting them online very soon. This is already the case with car tax for which, yes, you do need your credit card — or debit card — details.
Online fraud is always a risk which is why many card providers now include free insurance cover. It still seems that you are not advocating post offices so much as highlighting the shortfalls of the current alternatives.
All of the shortfalls highlighted are valid problems but adressing them is the issue rather than resigning ourselves to their failure and sticking with old fashioned post offices.
Fair enough. I’d happily embrace a viable alternative.
The forms for me are a side issue. However, if and when a workable internet alternative presents itself, I won’t object. Pending that, let’s keep frontline services intact.
I gave plenty of positive reasons for advocating Post Offices above.
I did intend a stronger implication that no viable alternative has yet been suggested. My suggestion, born from this discussion, would be for a POST OFFICE with print-on-demand terminals á la supermarket self-checkout counters, with a weigh-it-yourself function from the same model (parcel ‘stamps’ are already machine printed), and some terminals dedicated to new services such as digital photo print-outs á la Jessops, Snappy Snaps et al. A simple touch screen interface such as these supermarkets and photo shops use wouldn’t be difficult to provide and would be free and easy to use. There would still be some counters for those prefering to speak to someone. All this coupled with a mini stationary or digital services shop, the new smarter cleaner PO would have shorter queues and still provide services for all. This is not far from what other people have been suggesting, my emphasis is that rather than starting by transforming a newsagents and dropping PO functionality if it doesn’t fit, we should start by transforming the POST OFFICE and drop the newsagent functionality if it doesn’t fit.
Ok,Ok I say keep the Post Office — I was in a bad mood the other day because before christmas I had to queue up like a lemon for at least half an hour just to get some international stamps (the automated machines only offer 1st or 2nd class)…
Two suggestions for Camberwell post office:
1 — in the same way that supermarkets have a queue for handbaskets only, the PO should have a queue for postal services only — ie. buying stamps, sending parcels.
It is very frustrating to stand in a line for 20 minutes behind people cashing giros, paying car tax, getting passports, paying gas bills — simply to buy an overseas stamp.
2 — Paint the place and try to create a nicer atmosphere in it — maybe play some background music or something
To state the bleeding obvious:
Between us we have all the answers.
Why don’t we put them into action?
I read on the Forum the PO is about to undergo major renovation. It’s nice to debate it here though. How many of you so keen to argue it’s fate have submitted your views where it matters?
Didn’t think so.
JohnnyM — tell me where to submit my views and I will do. I thought posting them here was sufficient??
And not wanting to stir up things but I get the feelng that the Forum doesn’t achieve very much ?? It seems to me like a bit of a toothless tiger, but hopefully I’m wrong and am being unfair.
I get the feeling this blog is more influential than the Forum.
JohnnyM and sg — it has never been so easy to make your views known to local representatives. Simply send them an e‑mail with your name and address, preferably from an address attached to your home address, such as a bt.com or other internet access address.
The ultimate decision makers are:
[url=]Meet the Executive[/url]
Ask for the name you need via Southwark switchboard (020 7525 5000) or write to them at firstname.secondname@southwark.gov.uk. En masse you can very easily bring pressure to bear.
Your local Labour councillors will maintain that there is nothing they can do on most issues (however, check out their planning and licensing responsibilities, at the core of regeneration). In many cases, you do just need to go straight to the top.
To be effective, the Forum does need to improve the way it channels residents’ views to local government and makes them public, which may happen through continuing development of the site. Every assistance is welcome, and I recommend that true Camberwellians able to give of their time attend future meetings, including committee meetings, to discuss how they could help.
Meanwhile, keep lobbying individually as well and remember that the Forum lives or dies by the extent to which SE5 denizens engage with it.United Church of Chelsea
A Place of Justice, A People of Faith, A Promise for Community. Chelsea, VT
Plan Your Visit
Who We Are
Welcome! The United Church of Chelsea is located in Chelsea, Vermont, and is one of the most beautiful and historical churches in Vermont. We are a united congregation of two denominations: the United Methodist Church and United Church of Christ.
All are welcome to worship with us. Worship is held each Sunday at 10:00 A.M. We also have Sunday school for youth each Sunday after our Time for Children during worship, and a fellowship time following our worship service where you may enjoy refreshments and good company.
We are located on the main common in Chelsea, at the intersection of Vermont Route 110 and 113. Brexit filter Brexit
- (-) Remove Corporate Information filter Corporate Information
- (-) Remove Benchmarks filter Benchmarks
- (-) Remove Crowdfunding filter Crowdfunding
- (-) Remove Securities Financing Transactions filter Securities Financing Transactions
- Supervisory convergence (9) Apply Supervisory convergence filter
- Post Trading (8) Apply Post Trading filter
- Fund Management (6) Apply Fund Management filter
- Corporate Disclosure (4) Apply Corporate Disclosure (356) Apply Press Release filter
- Reference (352) Apply Reference filter
- Final Report (326) Apply Final Report filter
- Consultation Paper (248) Apply Consultation Paper filter
- Speech (183) Apply Speech filter
- Opinion (148) Apply Opinion filter
- Letter (125) Apply Letter filter
- CESR Document (109) Apply CESR Document filter
- Annual Report (100) Apply Annual Report filter
- Guidelines & Recommendations (91) Apply Guidelines & Recommendations filter
- Statement (91) Apply Statement filter
- Report (29) Apply Report filter
- Investor Warning (27) Apply Investor Warning filter
- Compliance table (17) Apply Compliance table filter
- Decision (13) Apply Decision filter
- Technical Standards (8) Apply Technical Standards filter
- CLOSED Procedure (7) Apply CLOSED Procedure filter
- Technical Advice (6) Apply Technical Advice filter
- Vacancy (2) Apply Vacancy filter
- SMSG Advice (1) Apply SMSG Advice filter
- Summary of Conclusions (1) Apply Summary of Conclusions filterThis section includes very important products with a great
functions such as white oils ,electrical insulating oils, rust preventives oils
, and process oils
• CO-OP Special Transformer Oil
Insulating oils:- are intended for use as insulating agents in electric equipment.
insulating oils may be divided into 4 groups in terms of their end use:-
-Transformer oils -switch gear oils -cable oils -capacitor oils
CO-OP transformer oil is an uninhibited mineral insulating oils, which are used in transformers and electrical equipment. This type of oil has a low viscosity and low density that lead to the oils having good cooling properties, and exhibiting good heat transfer characteristics at room temperature and below. Even at low temperature the oil viscosity remains low and therefore allows the transformer to be started up under very cold conditions without problems. Also, It has excellent dielectric properties which are maintained over many years of service, and although it does not contain any antioxidant additives , it has very good inherent oxidation stability , therefore acts as a safeguard in the operation of electrical equipment.
They are specially designed to resist thermal cracking and chemical oxidation. They have good heat transfer efficiency and Easy starting-up.
They are formulated from highly refined base stocks with specific additives to resist thermal cracking and chemical oxidation also co-op Heat transfer oil is used in closed and open heat transfer systems. with Long life and Minimizing maintenance costs.
Products & Services
About This Website
Support.
Unforeseen Downtime and Costs
When companies have unforeseen downtime and costs adding up to these kinds of numbers, it's no longer pennies, it becomes sense; a sense that there is a problem and that it needs to be fixed immediately. Therefore, when a paper manufacturing facility came to Hy-Pro with a problem that was costing them thousands of dollars weekly, we immediately started working on a solution.
Finding the Problem: Battered Bearings
Our team, led by Mike Flick, quickly found that the boiler feed water pump bearing lube system was combined with the facility's steam turbine lube oil system. The water, freestanding, dissolved and emulsified, as well as the particulate contamination it was bringing with it, were decreasing the fluid's ability to lubricate the bearings, in turn, causing premature wear on the bearings.
It was this problem that forced the facility to spend thousands of dollars weekly on labor, oil replacement and water absorbing filters. Unfortunately, the rate of water and particulate immersion was just too high for them to avoid the inevitable. With the continued degradation to the bearings, it was feared the facility would soon face unforeseen downtime, with a system shutdown, and a possible bearing replacement, which could cost the facility over $14 million.
Hy-Pro's Lasting Solution: A V1 Compact Vacuum Dehydrator
However, a certain and proven solution was created with the introduction and installation of the Hy-Pro V1 Compact Vacuum Dehydrator. The facility was able to remove the freestanding, dissolved, and emulsified water along with particulate contamination, bringing water levels within the oil from 2,440 ppm to just 70 ppm.
The lubricating properties of the oil were restored and the premature bearing replacement was avoided. Thus, ending the cycle of throwing thousands of dollars weekly into unnecessary oil replacement, below quality standard filtration, and the labor associated with both. Ensuring a longer than average life of the boiler water feed pump bearing, and the peace of mind that came with the solutions provided by Hy-Pro that saved the facility millions of dollars. The pennies that were spent counted, and the pennies saved were earned.
If you would like to learn more about Hy-Pro's other water removal methods click here.
Maybe you or your customers think there is no water in your oil, watch this to learn the truth.
For any questions, comments, or if you would like to suggest more topics you would like to learn more about, reach out to us at info@hyprofiltration.com.[ Source: golang-nzaat ]
Package: golang-nzaat-dev (1.0-1)
Links for golang-nzaat-dev
Debian Resources:
Download Source Package golang-nzaat:
Maintainer:
External Resources:
Similar packages:
Go implementation of the NZAAT hash algorithm
Go implementation of the hash algorithm "NUL zaehlen an allen Teilen" based on the One At A Time hash (OAAT) by Bob Jenkins. This is not a cryptographic hash, but it satisfies the perfect hash criteria well enough to be usable as a hash table hash or similar.Breakage of Corn Kernel on an Vertical Elevator Transportation
Stjepan PLIESTIĆ, Marko ŠUTALO
Pages: 203-215
Summary
Examining breakage of corn kernel on an elevator, the means for vertical transportation, the paper compares the mechanical resistance of the OSSK 552 maize hybrid when entering and leaving the elevator. The declared capacity of the elevator was 64 m3/h, the volume of each of the 360 buckets contained 2.1 dm3, the number of turns of the reductor and consequently of the upper drive pulley of the elevator amounted to 80 min-1. It was established that during the mentioned transportation the breakage had increased, but not in same amount. The damage was examined on samples of different moisture content distributed into four groups: 28-30 %;23-25 %;17 19 % and 11-13 %. In the 29 % moisture content of the material the end of breakage was 1,33% higher than the beginning one. If expressed relatively, this is a difference of 19,32 %. In the moisture of the corn kernel of 23 %, this difference amounted to 1,03 %, relatively 22,94 %, while in the moisture of the material of 18 %, the difference was 2,34 %, relatively 30,51 %. In the driest sample of the material, of 12 %, the difference amounted to 2,57 %, relatively even 24,83 %.
Keywords
corn kernel; characteristics of handling; elevator
Full Text: PDFCustom Forged Hubs/Flanged Shafts
Solmet Forge manufactures quality metal hubs and flanged shafts for a range of demanding industrial applications. Our large-scale flanged hubs are hammer forged using the highest quality metals to ensure performance in harsh, corrosive environments.
Open-Die Forging
We use an open-die forging process to produce flanged hubs and shafts with high strength and excellent impact resistance. The open-die process reduces material waste and machining time, so we are able to pass on cost savings and deliver quick turnarounds.
We forge custom hubs/flanged shafts with up to 180” and weights up to 3,500 lbs.
Call us today at 330.455.4328 or complete the form below to request a quote for your custom forging.
>.Pictured above from left to right are students Abigayle Allison, Peyton Ooten, and Evan Eschenberg, and instructor Jeff Hankins. (Submitted photo)
Two Oak Ridge High Schools received gold medals and were named state champions in two different welding categories, while a third student received a bronze medal.
The students and their medals are:
-.
The students are in Jeff Hankins’ welding classes at Oak Ridge High School. They competed and placed in several events in the Skills USA State Championships from April 17-20 in Chattanooga. [Read more…]Brown, Harry J., Ph.D.
765-658-4682
hbrown@depauw.edu
English, East College, Room 303
Greencastle, IN
46135
Jane Cooling Brady Professor of EnglishAt the prime ministers Downing Street briefing Friday 31st July, relaxation of rules that were proposed to be implemented from 1st August 2020 in England have been delayed by 14 days. Employees should continue to go back to workplaces.
Most of the measures that were due to be relaxed on Saturday 1st August have been delayed 14 days.
PAYadvice.UK 31/7/2020 updated 3/8/2020Malus domestica: Sutton Beauty
- Artist:
- Passmore, Deborah Griscom, 1840-1911
- Scientific Name:
- Malus domestica
- Common Name:
- apples
- Variety:
- Sutton Beauty
- Geographic Origin:
- Ontario, New York, and United States
- Physical Description:
- 1 art original : col. ; 15 x 23 cm.
- Specimen:
- 13
-At Dish Tech we thrive in providing everyone a comfortable and effective solution to all your entertainment needs! call today
SHOP LOCAL
hopper on over!
Internet for where ever you are!
Live streaming services!
SlingTV is an over-the-top television service that delivers live TV, on-demand movies and shows over the Internet.
The AirTV player is the ultimate cord cutters solution, because its a steaming box that integrates SlingTV, Netflix, OTA local channels, and much more on one platform. It also now allows you to record your OTA channels!
Here at Dish Tech we strive to provide reliable local service to the tri-city area and beyond with all your entertainment needs! We are now working with the DAV (Disabled American Veterans) and have a donation box and are excepting clothes and blankets for donation! Thank you!
Dish Tech now offers a local service plan for satellite TV and Internet. Our popular local service plan is designed to cover more than is currently available through national plans
At Dish Tech we care about our customers and take pride in our work, our techs are professionally trained to install and educate every customer about their systems. 100% satisfaction guaranteed
Dish Tech is a locally owned and operated company serving the quad city area and beyond since 2006! Like us on Facebook and Instagram!
FB: @dishtechoc
IG: dishtechoc
8744 E Hwy 69 Prescott, Prescott Valley, AZ 86314, US
Monday - Friday: 9am - 4pm
Saturday: 8am - 2pm
Sunday: Closed
- Electronic System Sales DBA Dish Tech).XFINITY X1 TV Commercial, 'Fact for a TV and internet experience with access to Netflix, in-home Wi-Fi and up to 100 Mbps of speed, XFINITY X1 is recommended. Customers can bundle TV and Internet for $35 each per month with a one-year agreement through July 24, 2017.
- Advertiser
- Comcast/XFINITY
- Advertiser Profiles
- Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest
- Products
- Comcast/XFINITY XFINITY Internet, Comcast/XFINITY XFINITY TV, Comcast/XFINITY X1 Entertainment Operating System, Comcast/XFINITY X1 Saver Double Play, Netflix
- Promotions
- Get TV and Internet for $35 each per month for 12 months when bundled (expires: 07/24/2017)
- Tagline
- “The Future of Awesome”
- Songs - Add
- None have been identified for this spot
- Phone
- 1-800-XFINITY
- Ad URL
-
- Mood
- Active
- Actors - Add
- None have been identified for this spot.
- Agency
- Goodby, Silverstein & Partners ... Agency, Spark Foundry ... Media AgencySmall "Bustdown Jesus" Pendant DSI
$ 101.99
This variant is currently sold out
Our Small "Bustdown Jesus" Pendant is nothing short of everything you need to match any street style or urban outfit you feel like wearing today. It is carefully crafted in a Stainless Steel 18k Gold Plated setting and is flooded in CZ Diamond Stones that adds more accent to the jewelry piece, making it more unique and eye-catching!
-<<Dr. S Ganesh
Consultant- Gastroenterology, Hepatobilliary Sciences
Fortis Malar Hospital, Adyar
Qualification: MBBS, Dip. in Gastroenterology, MD
Doctor’s Profile
Dr. Ganesh was working as Consultant in Gastroenterology and Hepatology at Tamil Nadu Hospital from November 1994. I was also in-charge of the Endoscopy Unit with an active therapeutic endoscopy service. I was also the Chairman of Department of Medicine since 1996, I was actively involved in the running the Gastro outpatient clinic as well as providing Inpatient care. He also ran an active liver unit where we treated various types of Hepatitis and Elthosis, I have an interest in managing liver transplant patients and I have presently two such post-transplant patients having organized the transplant at Birmingham successfully.
- Languages : English , Hindi, Tamil
- Gender : MaleJob Information
Best Buy Geek Squad Technician / Cadet - (Middletown, NY) Full Time in Middletown, New York
837424BR
Job Title:
Geek Squad Technician / Cadet - (Middletown, NY) Full Time
Job Category:
Services/Installation/Repair
Store Number or Department:
001844-USO SE NY/N NJ-Store
Job Description:, their devices.
Provides timely updates to the client and store precincts.
Responsibly manages inventory and Geekmobile maintenance.
Provides feedback and training to store teams as well as assists with in-store stock repairs.
Supports Geek Squad efforts to protect the world one device at a time.
Basic Qualifications
Req #:
837424BR
Address Line 1:
1100 N Galleria Dr
City:
Middletown
State:
NY
Zip:
10941
Job Level:
Individual ContributorEither replace the fuel lines with new ones or you can go down to the auto parts store and get the compressed fittings to splice the lines
2 Answers
I have a 1993 Ford F150 that has dual tanks. I use the back tank 99% of the time. I recently repaired a pin hole leak on the front tank and put everything back together. However, now it is leaking fuel from the fuel lines leading into that front tank. I was wondering how can I fix this leak?
Glenn
GlennThis outside door handle mounting gasket set is for all Chevrolet passenger cars. 4-door models require two sets.1949-54: All (except 1061).
1953-54: SDL rear door only.
This part fits most 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 Chevrolet Cars; exceptions may apply. Please read the complete description to see if this part fits your specific vehicle and application.How the Weld Was Won
Inside the fight to get the Libertarians to double up on Republican governors: Anticipation of money and press overcome a desire to be purist Libertarians.
Judge James P. Gray, the Libertarian Party's vice presidential candidate in 2012 (teamed with former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson) was on his way to give a nominating speech at the Libertarian Party's national convention, held over the weekend in Orlando, for his successor: former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld.
"They are the two strongest, most qualified candidates in the race for president," Gray (who made a name for himself in the libertarian world for being a sitting state judge openly against the war on drugs) tells me, and that includes the major parties. There is around the two former governors "not a hint of scandal" and they are "not bullies."
This praise comes out full-throated and sincere, although Gray, who expected until a couple of weeks ago to once again sally forth on the field of electoral battle with Johnson, admits he was "devastated" to be jilted for Weld. That said, he always told Johnson "if you find a better, more experienced choice" willing to run with him, Gray would nobly step aside. "But I didn't expect he would."
But Johnson did find his Weld, who he says over and over exceeded his wildest expectations for a running mate.
Gray isn't the only Libertarian who had feelings of devastation attached to Weld's candidacy.
Richard Lion, a candidate for U.S. Senate from Connecticut for the party (L.P. delegates are very serious about their party and its business; a surprisingly large number of delegates I interviewed at the convention, possibly a majority, had run for some local, state, or federal office with the party) sums up the feelings of many about Johnson himself: "I don't think Gary Johnson is a great libertarian in the sense of a Ron Paul or Harry Browne, but I do think he's in the best position to move the party forward."
General love for Weld was even more muted, pretty much nonexistent. Neither I nor any of my Reason colleagues reporting from the convention found any delegate who wasn't working for the Johnson campaign who had independent enthusiasm or love for Weld as their vice president.
Weld won his very bare majority, 50.5, on a second ballot entirely based on a desire to give Johnson what he wanted, what he almost begged for from them.
A lot of the delegates, including ones who ultimately voted for him, just don't trust the guy. The two reasons I heard the most was his past support for some gun control laws and his backing out of a promise to run for governor of New York on the L.P. ticket in 2006. Weld was a hard man to get face time with if you weren't national TV this weekend, but in one of the chances I had to ask him a question directly, he said he was "as disappointed as anyone else" that it didn't work out in New York in 2006 and that the party had sufficient time to find another nominee.
Alicia Dearn, a lawyer from St. Louis, was presidential vote runner-up Austin Petersen's choice for vice president. Petersen wanted even Johnson fans to get behind her as a unity candidate. Dearn herself, before the first balloting, drew Weld on stage to extract from him a promise to not "betray" the party.
"I'm a Libertarian for life," Weld said, and tried to push the delegates' buttons by saying that the attention that would likely come with him getting the nomination would help not only "getting us elected to the White House" but downticket Libertarian candidates as well. After clarifying that what she meant by "betray" was simply leave the party, Weld said: "Libertarian for life means not going back to any other party."
"I did not expressly ask people to vote for him," Dearn clarified in an IM interview today. "I asked for unity, to support Gov. Johnson, and for everyone to vote their hearts."
After the first ballot, on which Dearn got 29 votes when an extra nine would have given Weld a first-ballot majority, "I did ask the few people who voted for me to vote for Gov. Weld," Dearn said. "I wanted to avoid a fractious, multi-ballot vote because we were getting a lot of national attention."
Dearn says she herself didn't manage to cast a vote. She says she does fully support the party's ticket, and that Johnson's people did not ask her to do any of this directly. Her belief that getting into the polls for the L.P. was more likely with Weld pushed her over to full support.
Right before the first ballot vote for vice president, Johnson addressed the convention assembled. "So many just don't believe that victory can happen," he said. "That was not me in 2012….but the way you deal with setbacks ultimately determines your success. And beyond my wildest dreams Bill Weld is the running mate I would love for you to choose. We have an opportunity to actually take and win the presidency," Johnson said, but only with Weld.
"I don't want to be debating my vice presidential candidate," he said. "With Jim Gray in 2012 we tried desperately to get him in national media, but not one national media hit." But with Weld, merely announcing his intention to seek the job has gotten an unprecedented amount of respectful national media.
"If you want to grow the Party, to reach out to tens of millions of Americans right now, please give me Bill Weld and I'll give you my best efforts. Please, please."
Johnson's "please, please"s to the convention assembled regarding Weld were so heartfelt and yearning one would have had to have a hard heart toward Gary indeed not to give him the vice president he wanted so badly. And yet, a majority of them did not, not on that first ballot.
Larry Sharpe, a management and business motivational consulting with Neo-Sage in New York, won over the crowd with a video laying out a fascinating life of struggle involving drug laws harming his adoptive mother and other personal, family, and business setbacks from which he bounced back, through pluck and free markets.
"Who better to call out the military-industrial complex than a Marine?" Sharpe asked the convention. "Who better to challenge the prison-industrial complex than someone whose family has been destroyed by it?" He felt his personal story of conquering "poverty and total financial destruction" would put a fresher and more compelling face on the Libertarian small-government, self- and communal-help message than would another old white Republican.
Will Coley, the Muslim convert who ran as running mate with anarchist Darryl Perry, was hyped in a nominating speech from delegate Caryn Harlos as the real key to representing the full range of libertarianism on the ticket, someone whose libertarianism they could trust, and whose colorful story as a Muslim For Liberty in alliance with libertarian activists in the Muslim world would be as mediagenic a story as they could hope for.
Sharpe's appeal was the most resonant, and he came in second on the first ballot behind Weld, with 264 votes, 30.3 percent.
Then came an hour or so of turmoil. Fourth place Derrick Grayson, a motivational speaker for the black community, dropped out. Grayson won 48 votes, 5.5 percent, on the first ballot after being endorsed by antivirus software developer John McAfee, who came in third on the presidential ballot.
McAfee turned his energies after his loss to upbraiding the party for its lack of race and gender balance, and said before the nomination began that of course he would have to put his support behind "the black guy." Grayson threw his support behind Sharpe, the other black guy, for the second ballot and warned the convention about selling their souls to anyone such as Weld who he thought had and would betray the Constitution.
Tiffany Madison, McAfee's campaign manager, right after the first ballot count was announced, was calling McAfee to get him back to the floor to whip the delegates into doing anything other than nominating Weld, who she considers "toxic. I will vote for anyone to keep that guy" away from her beloved party.
Andy Craig, with the Johnson campaign and running for Congress with the L.P. from Wisconsin, told me they were not too worried as the whipping between votes commenced. Weld actually did better first round than they expected, and he considered the existing first ballot Dearn support likely "soft."
Ron Nielson, Johnson's campaign manager, told me of some of the problems with whipping delegates between ballots: a lot of them literally just "walk outside and have lunch and don't come back" so you can lose support that way. They had a system of mass texting their people that hopefully prevented too much loss that way.
While to most sober outside observers the choice between Weld and his non-professional competitors might have seemed obvious, Nielson says they always had to remember the political truth that "you must respect the voters and their right to make a decision. Your job is to change that decision, and you can't do that unless you understand the reasons they think what they do."
Another source, not Nielson, told me Weld made a special reach-out to the Ohio delegation, mad at him over his support for John Kasich in the GOP race, as Kasich is considered a special villain by them for his efforts against their ballot access.
Michael Cloud, a longtime party activist, worker, and speaker, said between ballots that a commitment he believed in from Weld to help finance ballot access in six figures for the party made him happy to vote for him. The Weld family are "very well-heeled" and he has some faith in Weld's ability to make his personal relationships pay off for the party. He believes Weld's media power has already proven itself even before the convention.
Cloud trusts that the two ex-Republicans will try their best for the Libertarians because they "want to be impact players, they want to sack the quarterback." On at least two occasions at the convention I heard Weld refer to his strong desire to escape or overcome the elements of the GOP he had grown quite contemptuous of, the social conservative end. He does, whether or not he's a hardcore Libertarian, seem to be motivated to rub the Republicans' face in the dirt electorally, which can only help.
On the second ballot, Weld had picked up 15 new votes and was the winner, with a bare 50.5 percent. Sharpe had 46.9.
The hall didn't exactly explode with unalloyed joy at the announcement, as those numbers should indicate. A motion to let Weld speak to them after he won had a lot of loud "no"s. Someone tried to raise the issue that Grayson's nine second-ballot votes shouldn't count as he'd dropped out already. But many votes had already been cast before he did. There was no tricky way around Weld's victory.
Johnson was wobbly with relief. Did he have any doubts, I asked? "I was actually worried, yes, genuinely!" he said. But a little bit later, ever the athlete, Johnson noted that no one thinks about the tiny, tiny sliver of difference that might exist between a gold and silver winner. A win is a win. He had his Weld.
Weld got his minutes to address the convention, victorious. He promised he and Johnson would "do our best to represent the best ideas and ideals of the Libertarian Party. We can offer something meaningful and realistic for the entire country, a third way. Our platform of economic and fiscal responsibility and and social and personal freedom," well, that's something that "does not match the current" stances of either major party. "We will have a lot to talk about in the Fall!"
Is this a matter of the proof that the Big Boys ultimately control and manipulate poor delegates in party politics? No, it was just proof that the delegates who did select Johnson were dedicated enough to him, or at least to the idea of what he could do in terms of credibility, money, and attention, that they were willing, at least slightly over half of them, to swallow someone who almost none of them seemed to think of as particularly libertarian in their sense.
Luckily for the Johnson/Weld campaign, at this point they probably don't have to worry too much about what the over 900 delegates at the Libertarian National Convention in Orlando thought of them. In a press conference with both Libertarian candidates right after Weld won, Johnson said that "outside of this building tens of millions of Americans want to understand what libertarianism is and means. In my opinion this is the best message team going forward to accomplish that."
Or, as Charles Peralo, who sought but did not win the position of chair of the Libertarian National Committee this year said, and many Libertarians who are less than in love with Weld would agree: With Johnson and Weld moving forward, "America finally has a serious ticket in this race for president."INSIDE THE INSPIRING KINGSTON DESIGN SHOWHOUSE 2021
elledecor– It’s not easy to keep track of design’s swelling showhouse calendar. They are popping up around the country like Whac-A-Moles, but in a city two hours north of New York, one is cutting through the noise. We chatted with Maryline Damour, the interior designer and founder of the annual Kingston Design Showhouse, which aims to forge partnerships with creatives working in the Hudson Valley. The house will later be sold at below-market value to an eligible buyer in an effort to preserve affordable housing in the area. The fourth edition opened earlier this month and is on view through October 24. Here, Damour discusses how it all came together.
ELLE DECOR: How’s it going in Kingston?
Maryline Damour: Well, I can tell you that so many people have moved to the area, Verizon has to build another cell tower.
ED: There are a lot of showhouses popping up these days. What makes Kingston stand out from the rest?
MD: The idea with Kingston is to create value in different types of communities, so we’re not only talking to ourselves all the time. Just because you can’t afford design doesn’t mean you can’t be interested in it. The Kingston City Land Bank has a dozen homes to rehab and put on the market. Let’s see if our project, which is a rehab of one such home, can serve as a pilot program. It can be a model for other showhouses to copy. I think it can ultimately help maintain the value they bring.
ED: The mission is “to build community through design.” How was that lacking in 2018 when you first began?
MD: I moved up here in 2016 from Brooklyn. I’m one of those people who was priced out of Manhattan, then moved to Brooklyn, only to be priced out of Brooklyn. I’d been hearing about the Hudson Valley and the amazing creatives up here, but I couldn’t find any of them upon arrival. I started going to all kinds of design events up here to meet people, go to their studios, and I kept hearing the same thing: “I’ve been here for 10 years, and I’ve been mostly working on my own.” There needed to be a way to bring all of these creatives together.
ED: The fourth installment of the Kingston Design Showhouse has been unveiled. How is that community you wanted to build looking today?
MD: Interior designers who went to the city to find makers are now working with ones from up here. They’re really finding connections through the showhouse.
ED: Each designer partners with local makers and artists to realize their visions. Do they have a choice in who they work with?
MD: Yes. They have to feature something local in their space. If you have to do that, suddenly the connection is made. New products have actually come out of collaborations between some of our participants.
ED: What’s your favorite room in the current edition?
MD: I cannot answer that [laughs].
ED: Least favorite?
MD: I can’t say that either.
ED: You and your colleague Mel Jones, Jr. designed the “Anywhere but Here” room. That’s not exactly the most inviting name. Please explain.
MD: I like to have a theme that grounds my showhouse room. Last year, it was about creating Covid-19 spaces and how to showcase diversity in design. This year, it’s “anywhere but here” because we all want to escape. The room is meant to transport you somewhere else. It’s not place specific, so you could imagine being where you want to be. It’s technically a guest bedroom with a daybed and a desk. I’d use it as a home office all day long.The Integrated Research Information System (IRIS) project was started in 2012 to put in place a comprehensive and integrated system to serve the University’s growing needs in the area of research management and administration, and to increase the productivity of researchers and administrative staff through automation and tools. The project was initiated by Office of Integrated Information Technology Services (IITS) with the participation of the Library and the Office of Research.
The project was awarded to Thomson Reuters using the platform called Converis. Conversis was later acquired by Clarivate Analytics.
The IRIS Research Publications module was available as beta release on 4 October 2015 and went live on 4 January 2016. IRIS is currently on version 5.10 of Converis as of 8 June 2017.
The IRIS Faculty CV Module will be available as beta release on 16 October 2017 and is scheduled to go live in Nov 2017.
The CV module in IRIS comprises of various IRIS entities from internal module or external systems. The IRIS entities driven from internal module are mainly driven by the publication module or system configurations.
External driven entities come from other SMU systems such as ISIS and IFIS, are populated automatically by SMU proprietary data interface links. The automated interface links are carried out once daily. There will be some records of several entities such as Thesis and Dissertation would require editorial involvement even after data ingestion.
After the data ingestion, IRIS will provide data treatment for processing data into various CV entity records. Each entities will form the information rendered on various CV sections.
Everyone in the SMU community has access to IRIS. The login and password is your NTlogin and password.
When you login, you will see any items that have previously been uploaded.6640 Find a Store Discontinued: This dress has been discontinued. For other options, please see similar dresses below or visit our boho wedding dress gallery. Affordable Wedding Dress with French Tulle Description.When you rely on a septic tank for your wastewater treatment, you need a septic tank contractor that you can depend on for affordable and efficient maintenance and repairs. The technicians at American Septic Inc. use the most up-to-date equipment to deliver the best results every time. Whether you need septic tank pumping, cleaning, installation, or a host of other septic services; you can rely on our team.
In this blog, we will cover all sorts of topics related to septic tanks that homeowners should be aware of. We’ll cover caring for your septic tank, septic tank issues to look out for or even the best and worst plants to place over a septic system. If you use a septic tank for wastewater treatment and are interested in learning how to keep it in great shape, you should subscribe. We will be publishing interesting and informative content on a regular basis, so you should subscribe.
When you need septic tank service in Orlando and the surrounding areas, rely on American Septic Inc. We provide emergency septic cleaning when you need it, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We also offer installations and routine maintenance. Contact our team today and experience the customer service that sets us apart from our competitors.Although Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden slightly leads President Donald Trump in Nevada, the state did not declare a winner on Election Day.
According to the Nevada Department of Elections, they would not be releasing any new vote totals until 9 a.m. Thursday.
Officials said they have already counted all mail-in ballots through Nov. 2 and all early in-person votes and Election Day votes.
But in a tweet early Wednesday morning, the department explained that they still had more ballots to count before they could declare a winner in their state. They also have not counted any mail-in votes that were received on Election Day. They still have to count mail-in ballots that will be received over the next week, as well as provisional ballots.
"Ballots outstanding is difficult to estimate in Nevada because every voter was sent a mail ballot," officials said in the tweet.
As of 9:30 a.m. CT Wednesday, Biden has 588,252 votes, and Trump has 580,605, according to the AP.
According to the Associated Press, no Republican presidential candidate has carried Nevada since 2004.Wow! Almost Done!
I am almost done with my 60-day wellness cleanse. The best thing about the Achievement Program is accomplishing the goals you set. When you complete a milestone, you will feel inspired to set some more goals. It reminds me of a football game. As soon as the game is over, you are ready to play the next one.
Today, I want to address the significance of cleansing to reverse heart disease. Anyone who has heart-related issues due to high blood pressure, raised cholesterol levels, obesity, diabetes, or a family history of heart disease is highly recommended to do a cleanse. Especially if you are over forty, a cleanse can do wonders to your heart health.
Can You Reverse Heart Disease?
The statistics about heart disease mortality rates are scary. Heart disease is the number one cause of death globally, taking an estimated 17.9 million lives each year. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), it is responsible for every one out of four mortalities. I was shocked to know that approximately every 40 seconds, someone will have a heart attack in the United States.
But here is the good news: a heart disease doesn’t mean your heart is “diseased” forever. It is known to be preventable. When you begin to make significant and long-lasting changes in your lifestyle, you can actually reverse heart disease. It includes making positive changes in your eating habits, exercise routine, body weight, and stress management.
Meet Dr. Fuhrman!
I didn’t think reversing heart disease was possible until I read The End of Heart Disease, a book by Dr. Joel Fuhrman. After following many of his guidelines, I believe we can reverse heart disease. Dr. Fuhrman has clinically treated and reversed heart disease in several patients for over 25 years. He preaches what he calls a micronutrient-rich diet. Check out the video below to listen to his advice.
Nutrition is More Powerful Than Medication | ‘The End of Heart Disease’ by Dr. Fuhrman
Begin the Cleanse Now!
My 60-day cleanse focuses on establishing better habits that guarantee a healthy life. It is a great vehicle you can use to slow down your heart problems. Cleansing by itself won’t reverse heart disease, but it will begin the process of recovery if you follow a heart disease reducing diet and stay consistent on your way.
There is no better time than now for you to go on the cleanse, reset your symptoms, and live a healthier and happier life. The minute you start taking care of your body, your body will also begin to take care of you. You can learn more about this 60-day Achievement Program Wellness Cleanse through these blog posts. Feel free to contact me anytime if you need some help.Table of Content
It’s so simple as spraying the formula in your paint and wiping it off. Car spray wax provides a layer of safety that blocks blemishes. You can even use it to fill in small scratches which will turn up in your paint. ICE Liquid Polish comes with its own foam applicator pad and a microfiber material.
I was within the means of selling a car and simply needed to touch-up some areas. It works nice, easy to use, it took solely minutes to do the complete car. In the longer term this product shall be on my record of purchases. Turtle Wax has one other multi-purpose product that cleans and protects the vehicle’s exterior, restoring color and shine.
Now with Smart Shield Technology and Carnauba Wax, ICE Wash & Wax is Turtle Wax’s best shining wash ever produced. The software required the flip of the MF to take away product, where as UQD just wants one swipe as you apply.
Turtle Wax Review
Designed for quick and easy utility Turtle Wax Ice Spray Wax is the ideal way to top up your automobiles protective coat between the large waxes of the year. Today on our Car Wax Reviews page we take an deep dive into Turtle Wax Ice Spray Wax. We check out the waxing capabilities of this relative new product from one of many oldest established firms in the car wax world. Even as an expert it is onerous for me to keep up and to confirm the claims made by the numerous manufacturers. Choose a shaded area because the new sun may cause the car spray to bake onto the surface of your vehicle, and it might cause streaking.
Without additional ado, take a glance at my guide to Turtle Wax Ice Spray Wax vs. Seal and Shine for more on this matter. Spray a panel at a time, wipe off and buff with a second dry towel. Turtle Wax Ice Spray Wax has a really strong scent that can be compared to some bitter candy. Seal and Shine has a candy and good scent that might be compared to a man’s cologne. The scent might not as beautiful as that of flowers however it’s not irritating. Some drivers love using automotive merchandise that have a unique and distinct scent, whereas others hardly care in regards to the fancy smells of their automotive care merchandise. There are others nonetheless who’re sensitive to sturdy scents.
Turtle Wax Paste Wax Review
Read more about Turtle Wax Max Power Car Wash Review here. Some easy car wax merchandise are solely intended to be utilized to a paint end. Others can be utilized on car or truck windows, headlights, plastic trim, and rims as well. You have to resolve if you want one product to do a number of issues or if you need to have separate merchandise for cleaning the car’s paint, home windows, and so forth. This wax has UV safety and produces superior water beading. You can apply it to paint, plastic, rubber trim, and glass. Its components have anti-static properties, so the end stays cleaner longer.
Its really reduced how typically I must do car washes and has stored the paint trying new for a number of years. In my opinion, utilizing Turtle Wax ICE is price it for one single cause. Right now you should purchase a 20oz bottle of Turtle Wax ICE for $8.79 on Amazon Prime. That’s way cheaper than nearly all the other products that yow will discover evaluations about on this web site. Is it going to provide you a superb shine or last so long as a top-tier ceramic spray like Nexgen? You’ll even have to make use of extra Turtle Wax ICE to get near the same results. If you want one thing cheap and simple to apply after a quick car wash, then I recommend Turtle Wax ICE.
Optimum Car Wax and Werkstat AJT provide the same, if not more, protection than many conventional paste waxes. Not all spray waxes are just for maintaining anymore. As already noted above I`ll bet if you use it as a touch up frequently then it will doubtless carry out in addition to many (all?) of the higher recognized spray wax merchandise. Durability isn`t something to be thought-about when shopping for or using a spray wax. A spray wax is meant to refresh the shine that was put there by polishing and waxing. Air pollution may be manufactured from of endless types of air born pollutants.
All it takes is 10 extra minutes for a boost in protection and good shine after each car wash. Work the bar in your arms to get some warmth into it and soften it. Fold it over itself a few instances until it’s good and pliable. They spray the floor with either water, with just a tiny little bit of soap mixed in, or you could use a detailing spray. The thought is to get a thin layer of liquid for the bar to slip on, however not so much that the bar would not contact the floor. I prefer to work in small areas, at most a couple square toes at a time.
As you may guess, any wax or ceramic spray will final higher on a car which is saved in the garage. First, let me clear up a common misunderstanding many individuals make about Turtle Wax ICE. Technically, Turtle Wax’s “ICE” products usually are not ceramic, as a outcome of they don’t include SiO2 . It’s also not a sort of confusing “hybrid” products we’ve seen hit the cabinets.
Thebest spray wax for carshave brokers that provide UV protection to elongate the lifetime of your paint job. Read more about Turtle Wax Jet Black Spray Wax Review here. UV safety in a car wax product is taken into account an additional little bit of preventative maintenance; nonetheless, there’s some debate on how a lot UV protection these waxes actually present.
Turtle Wax Black Detailer Spray Review 2021
Such compensation impacts the situation and order by which such corporations appear on this page. CarCareReviews.web does not embrace all detailing merchandise obtainable to shoppers within the market.
Turtle Wax Ice Review Autogeek
For the candy gentle scent, Seal and shine is the better product. It is basically hard to speak this to a person who has never skilled how silky easy your car paint can be, till an individual has felt it themselves first hand.
These are six products which work in tandem and mainly add extra wax to your topcoat. Removes simply, but tends to be streaky, no matter how much or how little I use. Maybe I’m doing something mistaken, however it takes extra exertion to take away the Ice than I was led to imagine. If you must use this a lot drive then it would have been better to merely apply commonplace wax, and a minimal of get extra safety. Headquartered in Addison, Illinois, Turtle Wax Ice is certainly one of the most respected brands within the car waxing industry. It launched the world’s first-ever liquid car polish, Plastone, which is as exhausting as a turtle’s protecting shell; hence, the company’s name.
Turtle Wax Ice Spray Wax Review 2021
This article is all in regards to the new and improved method, as the product has modified inside the final yr. I really solely apply it to door jams or when i feel like wiping down the the truck between washes.
Turtle Wax – Wax & Dry Spray Wax Review 2021
Meguiar’s also ensures a scratch-free end and recommends this product for rubber, vinyl, and glass. The wash and wax mustn’t solely clear the floor but in addition protect it from additional injury. It prevents scratches, and dents and repels filth, water, and solar.
Turtle Wax Premium Grade Scratch Repair Kit Review
Sounds similar to ceramic spray detailer application, right? We’ll get to that later in this Turtle Wax ICE review. The common present worth for used turtle wax ice spray wax review is $31 from the final 18 listings. However, choosing one can be a bit difficult considering the variety of products obtainable in the market. Therefore, we now have reviewed the most effective car wax spray obtainable in the market nowadays. Read down under for a detailed Turtle wax ice spray wax review.
Turtle Wax ice is a waxing protectant used to maintain the shine and protect car paint between polishes. It may even be used as a top coat on an Ice Seal and Shine software. The product is a good quality spray that protects one’s car towards harmful UV rays and has superior water beading properties. In addition, it additionally has antistatic properties that ensure the car retains a clean look for a protracted duration. Seal and Shine then again is a hybrid of a wax and sealant. Sealants seal in the car paint and shield surfaces from damage at a better degree of durability, in comparability with wax.
Turtle Wax Headlight Restorer Review
I actually use products like this on a weekly basis on my own cars. Despite folks talking about wax build-up and different myths, you would not use this product an excessive amount of.
Read more about Turtle Wax Spray Wax Review 2021 here. The product removes every kind of particles and leaves behind a protective layer that repels dirt, mud, and grime. It even repels UV rays, preventing fading and cracking. The formulation is light and will not injury the paintwork. On high of that, you can use it for deep moist washes or dry ones when on the go.What are Rexton Hearing Aids?
There are many different types and brands of hearing aids available. Like Signia Hearing Aids, they are hearing aids with the leading innovating technology. Also similar to Signia Hearing Aids, they are produced by the same company – Sivantos.
Rexton hearing aids are the generic brand of Signia. Generic brands sometimes give us this feeling that it doesn’t work quite as well as name brands, but that is far from reality. Rexton hearing aids have the same hardworking engineers producing them as Signia does.
The biggest difference between generic (Rexton) versus name brand (Signia) is the capabilities that are available – not how well they function. Here is a list of what to expect from this article:
- Information about Rexton Hearing Aids and comparing them to Signia Hearing Aids
- Why generic is sometimes a better option for you
- New news regarding Sivantos
Signia Versus Rexton Hearing Aids
Prescription Hearing and Sivantos
have partnered together to provide
you with quality service and products.
They offer two brands, as you now know, as Signia and the generic version, Rexton.
See for yourself how these two brands differ. These 6 products can be purchased from Prescription Hearing. There are tables below showing each product’s available features.
- Also, includes 2 in-office visits
- Also, includes 2 in-office or online visits
- Also, includes 2 in-office visits
- Also, includes 2 in-office or online visits
- Also, includes 2 in-office visits
- Also, includes 2 in-office or online visits
Why go Generic? Are you Unsure if You Should Choose Generic or a Name-Brand?
I recently read an article by Jill Nystul called “Generic vs. Name Brand: Which Should You Buy?” In Jill’s article, she is referring to medications, foods, and cleaning products; Nonetheless, the facts provided follow the same basis in regards to hearing aids.
In most cases, generic brands are cheaper than their name-brand counterpart. For example, the Rexton Stellar 40 is $203 cheaper than the Signia Charge & Go 3X. Sometimes price is different based on ingredients, parts used, or difference in capabilities. We can see that in the pricing difference with Signia and Rexton hearing aids.
Money alone can be reason enough for people to go with generic brands. I know even saving a dollar, I feel like that is a win. I also know you may have the same thought process as my husband, who says, “if you pay for something, might as well get the best.” It depends on what your lifestyle is like when making this choice.
Features
As you saw above in each table, the only difference between Signia and Rexton Hearing Aids was the ‘audiologist app adjustments.’ This means that any adjustments your audiologists need to make can be made over an app, so no office visit is required.
With Rexton hearing aids, this option is not available, so any adjustments would require an in-person visit to their office. Whereas Signia hearing aids, you can stay home or at work having those adjustments made for you.
Likewise, making this choice will depend on your lifestyle. Do you have the time to make office visits when necessary? This ties in with the pricing – convenience. It is the same way with buying food that is precut for you.
Quality
As I said before, the quality of both hearing aid brands is exceptional. They do Rexton Stellar 40 is a step down in technology from the Rexton 80 & 60. Similarily, Signia Charge & Go 3X is a step down from Signia 5X & 7X; here is where you can find a chart showing Signia comparisons.
To assist with your choice here is a simple list of 3 various lifestyles and what hearing aids are recommended for them.
Less active lifestyles who are sometimes in noisy environments.
– Rexton Stellar 40
– Signia Charge & Go 3X
Semi-active lifestyles who are often in noisy environments.
– Rexton Stellar 60
– Signia Charge & Go 5X
Very active lifestyles who are often in noisy environments.
– Rexton Stellar 80
– Signia Charge & Go 7X
If you want to learn more about Rexton products their site provides additional information.
What’s New with Sivantos?!
As of March 1, 2019, Sivantos and Widex have partnered together to form WS Audiology. Now they have combined over 140 years of experience and expertise to unlock human potential by making incredible sound a part of everyone’s life.
If interested, click here for the press release on the merger of Sivantos and Widex
They say they are taking action in 4 key areas:
Leading Innovation. They build distinct hearing brands.
Supporting Professionals. They assist by delivering the best care.
Driving Transformation. They want to move hearing care forward.
Expanding Access. They make having access to hearing aids and care more accessible than ever
WS Audiology says, “A.”
If you want to check out more about Signia Hearing Aids here is the article I have written about their products.
Here is where you can shop for Signia hearing aids as well.
Prescription Hearing will assist you with any help you need – hearing aids, hearing tests, scheduling, and more.
For any questions about different products, package deals or anything else, click below!
Location
Prescription Hearing
12910 S. LaGrange Rd.
Palos Park, Illinois 60464
(708) 448-1234Brain4Net
Brain4Net, Inc. is a leading next-generation networking solutions provider for cost-efficient, high-performance, agile, multi-vendor infrastructures adding value to Service Providers, Enterprises and Hyperscale Companies. While leveraging SDN/NFV advantages and core networking technology trends (such as Disaggregation, Telco Cloud, Network slicing, Distributed network services and mobile edge computing) the Company moves the industry forward to 5G and new networking era.Louise Black and Austin Fashion Week at Fashionably Connected event for Austin fashion designers in Aloft Hotel at The Domain, Austin Texas
Earlier this week I attended the Fashionably Connected networking event for Austin fashion designers and industry professionals. It was held at the boutique Aloft hotel in The Domain.Global wholesale travel provider GTA and eRevMax, the automated online distribution and channel management specialist, have established a two-way XML connection for rate, inventory and reservation distribution between properties on GTA’s booking systems and subscribers of eRevMax. “This powerful and seamless integration will significantly reduce time to update reservation data while ensuring customer data is entered accurately into the hotel system.” said Greg Berman, COO, eRevMax International.
GTA, a part of part of worldwide wholesale travel provider, Kuoni group, provides its services in over 190 countries..In addition to management skills, hotel industry professionals also possess skills in hospitality, marketing, and guest relations, which contribute to the smooth functioning of the industry. Students of a hotel management course learn about the nuances of the hotel industry, such as service, front office management, and sales and marketing, among other topics.
Table of contents
What Is The Subject Of Hospitality Management?
Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management (BSHM) is a four-year degree program that covers conception, planning, development, human resource management, and management of the different aspects of the hotel, restaurant, and resort industry.
Which Subject Is Best For Hotel Management After 10th?
There are many certificate courses in Hotel Management that students can pursue after class 10th, including Certificate in Food and Beverage Production, Certificate in Front Office Operation, Certificate in Housekeeping, Certificate in Hotel and Catering Management, and many others.
What Is Hospitality Subject?
The hospitality industry is studied in the field of hospitality management and tourism. Hotels, restaurants, cruise ships, amusement parks, destination marketing organizations, convention centers, country clubs, and many more are all part of hospitality management.
What Is Hotel Management Course?
Hotel Management courses cover the hospitality sectors such as hotels, customer service, cooking, front office management, etc. Hotel Management courses after 12th include courses such as BHM, BHMCT, or Diploma in Hotel Management.
What Is The Main Subject Of Hotel Management?
In addition to food & beverage service, kitchen operations management, cookery, front office management, management of hospitality organizations, etc., candidates are taught a number of hotel management subjects at the UG level.
What Does Hotel Management Include?
A career in hotel management. There are many government colleges and private institutes in India that offer certificate, diploma or degree courses in hotel management, including food and beverage service, front office operations, sales and marketing, accounting, etc.
What Is Hospitality Subject All About?
A high school hospitality studies program incorporates topics such as food production, food and beverage service, and hygiene into a practical subject. This course introduces learners to the world of careers in the hospitality industry.
What Subjects Are Needed For Hospitality?
Which Subject Is Best For Hospitality?
A minimum of 50% in one of the following subjects is also recommended: Accounting, Mathematics, Business Economics, Economics, Mercantile Law, Hotel-keeping & Catering, or Home Economics, among others.
Which Subject Is Best For Hotel Management In Class 11?
As a general rule, Mathematics in 11th standard is not required to pursue a career in Hotel Management. Hotel Management courses are available to candidates who have completed the PCM/PCB/Commerce/Arts stream.
Which Course Is Best After 10th?
What Hospitality Studies Do?
Students in this Hospitality course will learn both theoretical and practical skills to work as assistants in the fields of food preparation, food service, and accommodation in a variety of hospitality establishments. In this course, academic knowledge and theory are combined with practical skills and values to help students succeed.
Which Is The Best Course For Hotel Management?
How Many Years Is The Hotel Management Course?
Bachelor of Hotel Management (BHM) is a bachelor’s degree program in hospitality and travel. Normally, this course lasts for three years. This course is open to candidates who have passed their Class 12 exams (humanities, commerce, or science).
What Is Hotel Management Course And Salary?
What Is The Qualification To Study Hotel Management?
A minimum of 10 years of experience in Hotel Management is required. There are even certificates and degree courses available for students. The duration of a certificate course can range from six months to one year, while the duration of a degree program can range from three to five years.
Watch what is the subject of hotel management VideoEnglish or Russian is what I prefer to speak, I have 11 followers and with medium boobies, my age is 19 yrs old and you can see my show in public. Most people call me Soulbody, a live chat engaging bimbo is what I am and I am a redhead, with brown eyes.
Don't hesitate to leave a comment, we'd like to know what you think about any peformer.By: Roger Aronoff | Accuracy in Media the Government Accountability Office’s (GAO) recent investigation of the VA—an investigation which shows that wait time manipulation continues to be a problem for those serving veterans.
“This report proves what we’ve long known: wait-time manipulation continues at VA and the department’s wait-time rhetoric doesn’t match up with the reality of veterans’ experiences,” said Congressman Jeff Miller (R-FL), the chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, on April 18, when a GAO study that concluded in March was made public.
Miller continued, “But given the fact that VA has successfully fired just four people for wait-time manipulation while letting the bulk of those behind its nationwide delays-in-care scandal off with no discipline or weak slaps on the wrist, I am not at all surprised these problems persist.”
As The Washington Times reported, the GAO “found that veterans waited from 22 days to 71 days from the time they requested appointments until they were actually seen by a provider. Mr. Miller said the findings were ‘significantly more than the five-day average Secretary [Bob] McDonald declared earlier this month.’”
As CNN reported in 2015, “more than 300,000 veterans died awaiting care.” As CNN reporter Drew Griffin pointed out, these aren’t even veterans who are waiting for care. “These are veterans applying for the privilege of waiting for care,” he emphasized. Yet, the VA continues to stall, target whistleblowers, and claim that nothing is wrong.
Former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned after the infamous secret VA waiting lists became public. He was replaced by Secretary Robert McDonald. But McDonald’s claims of transparency have brought more of the same for veterans.
“Veterans actually served by the VA certainly aren’t being fooled, and a number of them have contacted me after reading my articles on this continuing scandal to say that things are bad, and in some cases even worse than I described,” I wrote in April of last year.
There was virtually no coverage of the April 19 hearing, where Congressional members asked the VA’s Under Secretary of Health David Shulkin about a social work secretary at the VA in Puerto Rico who regained her job after being convicted of a crime related to an armed robbery, as well as about the ongoing the discrepancy in wait times.
The employee’s “union quickly got her reinstated—despite a guilty plea—by pointing out that management’s labor relations negotiator is a registered sex offender, and the hospital’s director was once arrested and found with painkiller drugs,” wrote Luke Rosiak for The Daily Caller in March. “The incident illustrates how union-backed civil service rules that rely on precedent combine with VA’s past failures to discipline problem employees of all ranks to keep convicted criminals on its payroll.”
At the hearing last week, Shulkin initially said that it was his understanding that the employee convicted in the armed robbery case was no longer working at the VA. But on Monday, Shulkin corrected his statement from last week, which was made under oath. The correction was quietly posted on the VA website, acknowledging that she was, in fact, reinstated to her job, since her conviction was a misdemeanor, and was only for her role as the driver in the armed robbery.
It seems that if VA care could possibly get worse for veterans, it will. It turns out that VA employees have been shredding veterans’ benefit documents. “Of 155 claims-related documents, 69 were found to have been incorrectly placed in shred bins at six of the regional offices…” reported Stars and Stripes on April 16.
Yet the VA denied that this was a systemic practice. “VBA knows that every veteran’s record is important and regrets these human errors,” the VA responded, according to Stars and Stripes. “However we disagree that a fraction of a percentage error rate is indicative of a systemic issue.”
Given that the VA deals with millions of veterans each year that small percentage point could add up to a significant number of ill-served veterans.
As for wait times, the GAO reports that the VA has been using veterans’ requested appointment date as the baseline for wait time. When one veteran wanted an appointment on March 1, 2015, but was scheduled for March 3, the wait time was recorded by the VA as two days. However, this veteran had requested to be called for an initial appointment back in December 2014. The real wait time was 76 days, according to the GAO.
“… the VA inspector general found schedulers at 40 VA medical facilities in 19 states and Puerto Rico regularly ‘zeroed out’ veteran wait times and supervisors at seven of those facilities instructed them to do so,” reports USA Today.
Clearly, the VA has continued to manipulate its scheduling data so that only shorter wait times are reported—something which doesn’t pass the smell test for veterans. Yet President Obama continues to fail to hold his administration accountable to those who served.
“The VA reports for April 2016, that veterans are waiting 13 days in my district for primary care and 10 days for mental health care. When I say that in my town halls, I almost get laughed out of the room,” said Democratic Congressman Beto O’Rourke (TX) at the April 19 hearing.
Where is the outraged media coverage decrying the mistreatment of the veterans who have served our country? The media are sacrificing the health and welfare of these brave soldiers in order to prevent this scandal from reflecting badly on President Obama. None of the mainstream news articles has traced this scandal back to its source: a President more concerned with catering to our adversaries’ whims rather than defending America’s allies, or, it seems, our own veterans.
Instead, left-wing pundits such as Steve Benen of MSNBC warn that Republicans are working to privatize the VA. Focusing on a left-wing bogeyman, Benen’s report, although posted and updated on April 19, contains no mention of the GAO report about misleading wait times, the hearing, or the shredding of claims documents. Readers are left to wonder why, exactly, conservatives might wish to privatize the VA. After all, Benen isn’t reporting on any of the department’s problems.
We have reported, time and again that the news media ignore the biggest stories because they prove inconvenient to the left-wing agenda. While Benen writes of a conspiracy to make changes to how the VA offers care, the other half of the story is how the VA is failing veterans right now.
Speak Your MindIn the Experience of the Coronavirus Pandemic, Cisco Scraps Smart Metropolitan areas Small business2 min read
Cisco Methods (NASDAQ:CSCO) is abandoning its endeavours to thrust into a after-promising market place. The corporation has resolved to significantly scale again its sensible metropolitan areas goods and companies division in favor of devoting resources to other organization initiatives.
“We just lately made a decision to quit income and ultimately aid [for] the Cisco Kinetic for City [sic] product line to align our solution investment decision to evolving market place needs and shopper prerequisites,” a Cisco spokesman instructed The Wall Avenue Journal.
The firm’s endeavours in the sphere got a big raise in 2016 when it obtained privately held Web of Points (IoT) tech specialist Jasper Systems in a $1.4 billion deal in 2016. At the time, the purchaser reported that proudly owning Jasper would “make it possible for Cisco to provide a entire IoT resolution that is interoperable throughout equipment and is effective with IoT company providers, application developers, and an ecosystem of partners.”
Image source: Getty Photos.
IoT equipment and systems are the foundation of sensible metropolitan areas — sweeping digital initiatives that promise to modernize and automate a great deal of the infrastructure underpinning the world’s municipalities. Jasper was the cornerstone for Kinetic for Towns, a clever cities IoT device that was founded in 2017.
The closure of the division arrives just after various quarters of profits declines from Cisco. As with quite a few organizations throughout a selection of sectors, the networking equipment giant has been strike really hard by spending budget retrenchments. These are owing to clientele curtailing their paying out on these types of items and products and services for the reason that of the deleterious economic consequences of the coronavirus pandemic.
Traders seemed to be cautiously optimistic about Cisco’s retreat. The inventory traded up by practically .9{428b35947aa26c74c136373f339c05ee140b4866d785bbebcb3f3a06261ec240} on Monday, roughly matching the acquire of the S&P 500 index.R&D Israel
Based in Ra'anana on the outskirts of Tel-Aviv we launched R&D office in 2017
Israel houses a wealth of relevant world-class laser and medical device development talent so we have been able to make significant strides in developing our proprietary laser technology both pre ad post launch.
Our team of physicists and engineers are experts in laser technology.
Crossing Superior
Details
Corey Adkins | United States | 2018 | 50:00
Crossing Lake Superior follows a riveting 60-mile journey three men took with their paddle boards across a lake that is often a force to be reckoned with.
11 time Emmy award winner Corey Adkins tagged along to document the 22 hour journey with Stand Up for Great Lakes, including humored encounters with other freighters, a permit to do something special over waters restricted by the Canadian government, and the emotional landing at Whitefish Point.
Learn why they chose this kind of adventure to raise money for the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum in this special documentary.
Writer
Corey Adkins
Producer
Corey AdkinsPirmas / Forumas / Institucijos / Biblioteka
Situs Main Judi Game Slot Online Terpercaya Tahun 2020
Five Rookie Game Slot Mistakes You Can Fix TodayOnce you're always successful in poker deposit ovo, you'll begin performing different video games. A means to getting round the game is always to attain a little pivot additionally perform the same game or variation. On important changes you would like to put tend to be tiny people.If you'll want to perform poker professionally, you will need capital that's higher for through downswings. You 'must' have good creating money that will help you remain in the overall game until you have always been always making money. When you have a low capital, you might wind up shedding it if you are certainly not currently very good in acting poker.If you are an expert as well as love hurry to adrenaline, you then including a traditional cash video game. With the soaring appeal of internet poker, any location big as small own micro stake comprehensive ring NLHE funding video games off .01 inside 2. Small stakes at multi-table present a much better risk-reward ratio. Focus on three or four tables to stick to your very own plan to control. Test the hand in fast-fold money games, that is a favorite adaptation at online poker. One change your table as soon as you fold, providing you with a lot more hands to relax and play inside a shorter time period.Poker web sites offer players countless benefits amongst which includes the fact that players bring poker effortlessly and also make massive profits. This is in fact one of the numerous functions of on-line poker web sites and/or platform. We Are Going To undergo a few other features of poker websites.Doing one thing for a long time looks exhausting. Therefore regardless of how passionate you're up to acting the slot overall game this reaches a spot wherein you're feeling exhausted about doing equivalent routine. You Need To choose a break subsequently come back to the game even though clean to prevent mistakes due to weariness.There are some challenges to overcome when you yourself have really started online poker. These include the time-bank function. You have to operate in a particular amount of time and also this immense change from live funding in which you have got some mins to behave ahead of the clock is called. Any Other aspects you need to understand range from the web sites lobby to design, ones cashier web page, comes with and also bonuses furthermore gambling services.The 10 Most Successful Slot Online Companies In RegionMany internet sites offering guaranteed award swimming pool GTD tournaments, search as well as do your research. On reward pool is not below that fully guaranteed amount and increases in the event that buy-ins minimal competition costs try higher than the original reward swimming pool. It Is Possible To login sbobet to understand that has the most effective ensure to play appropriately.The neat thing about zero deposit poker bonuses is it is possible to simply take a go at real cash poker without endangering your hard earned money. Which means that you can perform in a real income poker tables no matter how prolonged a person bring internet poker and also exactly what your qualification level try!One last reasons men and women bring poker internet because they are not able to concentrate with the noise at your brick additionally mortar gambling establishment. Many men and women even don't like the pressure level associated with physical gambling enterprises. Tables as part of these gambling enterprises are positioned shut together, that often it can be tough to focus on the overall game being performed. On line, people do not have a distractions and will have fun with the game at per pace that's secure to them. Stress off their players to play can be stressful and make men and women anxious. When stressed and anxious, it could cause the individual to help make a poor move.Currently, gambling became the best recreational activity to the majority of gamblers. Poker which will be a type of betting includes card games it bring together gambling, organize, as well as skillfulness. Poker alternates have gaming because the best primary fragment out of perform and/or make a decision the best choice of each and every control depending on each plans concerning competition' cards a couple remain secreted before the near for the side. Poker tournaments differ in sum of cards consented by which in active poker competitions initial circular concerning gambling begins alongside single or even another of the throw list making per forced stake. At accepted poker, each player bets in line with the lessons these trust they truly are well worth just as regarding many. Some sort of behave subsequently continues clockwise that each player should fit or perhaps phone. One competitor which contests a stake might also escalate that the bet. That The wagering round finishes whenever all players have actually known as the final lottery.Having the capability to set your time and effort looks a big opportunity in virtually any work. You will probably feel boosted to relax and play poker occasionally offered player swimming pool propensities, at the end for the day it will likely be based mostly on you. Suffering from your flexibility do get far in keeping we inspired. Furthermore, you'll simply be accountable for yourself. You will find not very lots of occupations today that provide the amount of freedom like that inside poker. This shouldn't imply it will be simplified. You will need to move likewise as intense that in various other duty. Their difference usually nobody might influence the way you should do it.So how do you get the totally free poker bonuses with no the best deposit? All you have doing was join in your frequent internet poker webpages from above widget and no deposit bonus or perhaps complimentary tournament tickets have always been immediately credited towards poker account.The advent of this websites brought forth many new and also fun strategies. Some of those actions are internet poker. Presently, this one field the most rewarding online ventures near. Many people at around the worldwide go browsing each day to play poker at one of the countless web sites presented. Issue becomes exactly why are internet poker video games hence charming? People bring any poker video game they need, whether it is 7 Card Stud or perhaps Texas Hold'em, within their pajamas and/or from their convenience of these homes.It may be the main goal anyone aim played poker professionally will as a result. Getting the capacity to transform anything you're excited about into your staying in anything may be the finest aspiration for everybody. Poker was a really challenging a profession if you dont have a genuine love for this. The best players don't merely enjoy poker given that they do overcome that it, they perform it because they are intrigued simply by each critical complexities of this video game. It is the option your propels consumers to set up that the vital study time and energy to get fruitful and continue through downswings.Stakes with the minimum total In the beginning, it really is advised your players if play and low stakes. At first, your principles to terms are not cleared to your individual concerning winning real cash. It's the suggestion adopted in poker video games then gambling websites. That players shouldn't afford to drop the video games if they haven't a proper familiarity with all video games. There ought to be taken of times of the person, and every move should be made out of a sufficient fool.
- prisijunkite arba užsiregistruokite, kad galėtumėte rašyti komentarusImperial Avenue [2-22-19]
On the night of Friday, February 22nd, 2019 the New Hyde Park Fire Department was called to a house fire across from 457 Leonard Boulevard. When firefighters arrived on scene, they were met with smoke showing and upon further investigation a basement fire in a vacant private dwelling on Imperial Avenue. New Hyde Park Engine 172 and Ladder 175 were the first engine and truck companies to arrive on scene. Two hand lines were put into operation to put out the fire which was quickly knocked down despite holes in the floor of the residence. Additional mutual aid was called from Garden City Park, Floral Park, Floral Park Centre among others. The cause of the fire is under investigation and all fire department units were under the command of New Hyde Park Chief of Department Vic Sowinski Jr. [1700].Introduction: Paper Christmas Tree Decoration
In this instructable I will be teaching you how to make Christmas tree decorations from scratch.
Materials Required
Used white and colored paper
Glue
Scissors
Step 1: Making the Materials Ready
Take the papers and cut them into strips then fold 2 strips of color paper and 2 strips of white paper into half.
Step 2: Making Type 1 Christmas Decoration
Take 1 plain and 1 colored strip of paper and put them as shown in the picture.Then take another plain strip and add it as shown in picture 2.
Step 3: Completing the Christmas Decoration 1
Now take another piece of color paper strip and add it as shown in the pictures when done it should look similar to picture 6.
When the project is completed you can decorate your Christmas tree with these by just wrapping them around the christmas tree,you can also add some lights to it as well.I made much bigger ones then shown in the picture and decorated my Christmas tree with these
HAVE A HAPPY CHRISTMAS!!!
Participated in the
Halloween Props Challenge
Participated in the
Holiday Gifts Contest
Participated in the
Epilog Challenge
3 Comments
4 years ago
merry xmas to you to
10 years ago on Step 3
Looks kind of hard
Reply 9 years ago on Step 3
It isn't really that hard :)More +
×
- About
- Subscribe
- Create Free Profile
- Tournaments
- Showcases
- Media
- Future Games
- MLB Draft League
- Draft HQ
- Rankings
- Recruiting Essentials
- JUCO Wire
- Junior Future Games
- Draft Blog
- PBR Player of the Year
- The Buzz
- D1 Baseball
9-22-18
5-foot-8, 143-pound right hand hitting C/OF who ran a 7.45 60. Narrow stance at the plate with a big leg kick on the pitch. Strong lower leg drive through the zone. Hands show good whip and extension at contact. Ball travels well to the left center gap. Exit velocity was 83 mph from the tee. Solid fundamentals in the outfield, comes through the baseball and delivers from a ¾ arm slot. Arm from the outfield was accurate and played at 67 mph. Behind the plate with is quiet on the pitch and showed good instincts on balls in the dirt. Average glove to hand transfer, arm is short and high ¾. Arm was 65 mph from the crouch with a 2.15-2.22 pop time.On Friday the S&P/ASX 200 Index (ASX: XJO) was on form and finished the week on a positive note. The benchmark index rose 0.9% to 7,320.1 points.
Will the market be able to build on this on Monday? Here are five things to watch:
ASX 200 expected to edge lower
The Australian share market looks set to start the week on a subdued note. According to the latest SPI futures, the ASX 200 is expected to open the day 4 points or 0.05% lower this morning. This follows a soft end to the week on Wall Street, which saw the Dow Jones edge slightly lower, the S&P 500 fall 0.2%, and the Nasdaq drop 0.5%.
Oil prices rise
Energy producers such as Santos Ltd (ASX: STO) and Woodside Petroleum Limited (ASX: WPL) could have a solid start to the week after oil prices rose on Friday night. According to Bloomberg, the WTI crude oil price is up 1.05% to US$79.35 a barrel and the Brent crude oil price has risen 1.2% to US$82.39 a barrel. Prices rose 3.9% and 4.6%, respectively, over the five days amid supply concerns.
PointsBet named as a buy
The Pointsbet Holdings Ltd (ASX: PBH) share price could be in the buy zone according to analysts at Goldman Sachs. This morning the broker retained its buy rating and $14.75 price target on the sports betting and iGaming provider. Goldman was recently at a conference in Las Vegas where the management teams of PointsBet and other gaming companies were attending. It notes that the companies reported stronger near-term top-line trends in online even as challenging comparisons are lapped.
Gold price edges lower
Gold miners Newcrest Mining Limited (ASX: NCM) and Northern Star Resources Ltd (ASX: NST) will be on watch after the gold price edged lower on Friday night. According to CNBC, the spot gold price fell 0.1% to US$1,757.40 an ounce. The precious metal hit a two-week high at one stage after US jobs data fell short of expectations.
Iron ore prices charge higher
BHP Group Ltd (ASX: BHP) and Rio Tinto Limited (ASX: RIO) shares could have a good day after the spot iron ore price strengthened. According to Metal Bulletin, the benchmark iron ore price jumped 5.4% to US$123.38 a tonne on Friday night.A2 Racking Inspections Checklist Poster
Our racking safety poster has been designed to reinforce the importance of completing racking inspections and is the ideal accessory to our Good to Go Safety racking inspection system. This poster provides a strong visual reminder to employees, showing what they should be looking for during a daily racking management system.
Dimensions 420 x 594mm
Tags: Racking, Inspection, Checklist, Poster, 51362Archive for Croyle
Jun
30
Brodie Croyle NewsPosted by: | Comments
Wondering what has been going on with the former QB of the Crimson Tide? Here is a video interview he did with TideSports.com that will let you in on what he is doing nowadays. While Kansas City’s Brodie Croyle is happy is currently a member of the Chiefs football team, he is not happy being […]Overview
This article describes how to use the Kanban board feature from the Iteration Planner.
The Kanban board in FogBugz is useful for visualizing which cases are being actively worked and how far along in the development process they are.
Information
Accessing the Kanban Board
To access the Kanban board for any milestone, open the Iteration Planner and click on the Kanban drill-down button displayed on the desired milestone’s column:
Using the Kanban Board
Once you are looking at the Kanban view, you can easily create Kanban columns and drag cases from one column to another. Kanban columns exist on a pre-planned basis, but they can be added, subtracted, or re-ordered separately for each milestone’s Kanban board.
There is also a handy Planned Cases column which holds all cases in this milestone which have not yet been put into a Kanban column.
The Kanban board inherits projects from its parent planner. Since it drills down into a single milestone, it will only showcase projects that exist in the planner to which that milestone belongs.
For further details about how planners are configured, please refer to the Getting Started section of the About Iteration Planner article.
Clicking on the Add (+) the Kanban Column
The cards visible on the Kanban Board can be filtered in the case list page using the Search Axes feature. In particular, cards can be filtered on the “Kanban” axis. For example, searching for Kanban: ”To-do” will create a filter of cases in the “To-do” Kanban column.
John Berjew
#689, (circa March 1694-20 January 1743)
+ + + + + + + + + +
John was born circa March 1694 at Pentridge, Dorset.1 He was the son of Samuel Berjew and Jane (?) John received a degree at Hart Hall, Oxford, on 28 February 1710/11.2
His father died 1713 at the approximate age of 57. John received a degree as a Batchelor of Arts on 25 February 1714/15.2 He was ordained on 16 June 1717 at St. James, Westminster, London, as a deacon by William Talbot, the Bishop of Salisbury.2 As of 20 September 1719, John Berjew was also known as Reverend. He was ordained on 20 September 1719 at Salisbury Cathedral, Salisbury, Wiltshire, as a priest by William Talbot.2 He was the curate on 21 September 1719 at Sherbourne, Dorset.2,3
He married Mary Allambridge, on Saturday, 10 July 1723 at Fordington, Dorset. John was employed as rector at St. Michael's, Overcompton, Dorset, on 31 March 1726. He was to remain there until he died, about 18 years later.4,5,2,3 John and Mary Allambridge became the parents of Samuel Berjew circa 1727.
John may have died on 20 January 1743 at Overcompton, Dorset.4
John likely died on 26 June 1744 at Overcompton, Dorset, of natural causes.2 He was buried at Overcompton, Dorset.4
Citations
- [S356] GEDCOM file created by Lynda Creely, 21 March 2011.
- [S662] Clergy of the Church of England database ()…
- [S255] The Berjew Family, Guide Notes to the Berjew Family tree.
- [S338] Ancestry.com.au Ancestry.com, ()
- [S646] A photograph by photograph in the entryway for Overcompton church listing the Rectors from 1302 (Tim Hill collection).الرصيف ملموسة طحن المعدات Concrete Milling Schibeci. Concrete Floor Milling & Concrete Airport Milling, Vertical Concrete Milling machines (2m+ wide cut) designed specifically for . Brother Rachid Wikipedia. Brother Rachid (born 1971, Morocco) is a Moroccan Christian convert from Islam whose father is a wellknown respected Imam. He is one of the most outspoken converts inGet Price
Cocrete آلة طحن - Inzichd. الرصيف ملموسة طحن. الرصيف ملموسة طحن,Preservation and Rehabilitation of Urban Concrete Pavements .joints of concrete pavements, with asphalt patches (Photo courtesy of Trinity Construction Management Services, Inc.) Milling existing concrete in preparation for an unbondedGet Price
Home > Products > كسارة الرصيGet Price family loves Cape Cod for summertime getaways. The Cape Cod bridges are only an hour from Boston, but they transport you to a totally different world. It’s a cute, quaint area with more than 500 miles of coastline and you’re never far from amazing beaches.
The Cape, as it is known by locals, is a perfect family-friendly destination in Massachusetts whether you drive from your home in the Northeast or fly in from any other part of the country. The closest airports are Hyannis (HYA), Boston (BOS) and Providence PVD). There is a decent variety of points-friendly hotels allowing you to travel on a budget.
The geography of Cape Cod is referred to generally as Upper Cape, Mid Cape or Lower Cape. The Cape isn’t all that big, but summer traffic can be fierce. When you take that into consideration, driving from one end to the other can take some time. Keep that in mind when you plan your daily activities.
If you decide to visit Cape Cod this summer, here are some great activities to do with your kids — aside from playing at the beach, of course.
Related: The Best Credit Cards for Entertainment Spending
1. Watch a Baseball Game
Cape Cod is well-known for its Cape Cod Baseball League. Baseball players from all over the country come to the Cape to play in this summer league with the hopes of one day being recruited by a Major League team. With 10 different teams in the league, there is bound to be a game nearby at some point during your vacation. (Regular season games take place between June 10 and July 31, 2019.) Admission is free.
2. Shining Sea Bike Trail
This 10.7-mile bike trail takes you from various points from North Falmouth down to Woods Hole. The trail is paved, flat and off-road — perfect for a family bike ride. The trail follows an old railroad trail along the coastline, providing beautiful views all the way. Once you get to Woods Hole, you can enjoy a cute village with restaurants and sweet ice cream shops.
If you didn’t bring your bike, you can always rent one for the day. If you are in Falmouth, you can rent at Holiday Cycles of Falmouth Heights, Corner Cycle or Arts Bike Shop or at one of the many other bike shops throughout the Cape near where you’re staying. We found rates as low as $19 per day for adults and $13 for kids. Some shops rent bikes with baby seats.
3. Cape Cod Children’s Museum
The Cape Cod Children’s Museum in Mashpee is the perfect rainy day activity. Be warned: It can get busy. In addition to its many pretend play and learning areas, there are activities scheduled throughout the day such as art projects, sing-along and story time. It’s a small space, so keeping an eye on your child is quite easy. We have visited the museum many times in the past and it’s probably best for children between the ages of 1-6.
During the summer, the museum is open Monday through Saturday, from 10am to 5pm and on Sunday from noon to 5pm (Admission: $10 per person for ages 1-60; $8 per person for 60+; free for under age 1). If you visit on July 19, 2019, you can visit the museum for free as part of the Highland Street Free Fun Activities summer program.
4. Heritage Museums & Gardens
The Heritage Museums & Gardens in Sandwich is perfect for every age group. The museum is situated on 100 acres and is home to many amazing exhibits. Of course, the kids will probably love the Hidden Hollow area the most, but a close second will be the antique car collection and the vintage carousel. The Hidden Hollow area includes a place for kids to fully immerse themselves in nature and then get soaking wet in the splash area. (Hint: Bring a bathing suit or a change of clothes.) The grounds are absolutely breathtaking and you can easily spend most of the day there. I promise you that you’ll love it!
Daily tickets don’t come cheap, so be on the lookout for a Groupon, which are offered frequently. Tdiscounted tickets can save your family a good amount of money. If you have an museum membership back home, check to see if there are any reciprocity discounts to other museums. The museum will offer free admission on Aug. 23, 2019, as part of the Highland Street Free Fun Activities. Admission is $20 for adults, $10 for ages 3-17, and kids under 3 are free.
5. Woods Hole Science Aquarium
The Woods Hole Science Aquarium is a great activity if you happen to be in the Woods Hole area in Falmouth. I went there decades ago as a child, and now take my own kids to this small aquarium — not much has changed. There are touch tanks and about 140 different species of marine animals. Woods Hole is a wonderful destination in itself, so this is just one activity while you’re there. You can also bike down the Shining Sea Bike Trail to get there. Admission is free.
6. Carousel of Light
The Carousel of Light is a pop-up carousel located in the center of Falmouth. It is open during the summer at Mullen Hall School. Once you are done riding the carousel, your kids will love the massive playground next door or the play area in the library across the street. After all that activity, you can walk to shops and restaurants in Falmouth Center. Rides are around $3 per person.
7. Cape Cod Inflatable Park
The Cape Cod Inflatable Park in West Yarmouth will provide your kids (or adults) with a full day of fun. Think inflatable slides and bouncy houses — both wet and dry. There is a toddler section and a challenge zone for older kids looking for more of an adventure. In addition to the inflatables, there is mini-golf and a huge arcade featuring more than 50 games. Tip: Check on Groupon to see if you can purchase discounted admission tickets. Admission starts at $25 per person; $20 for kids under 38 inches. Discounted rates are available after 4pm.
8. Cape Codder Indoor Water Park
At the Cape Codder Resort & Spa in Hyannis, you’ll find a massive waterpark. The 30,000-square-foot waterpark includes four waterslides, a 300-foot lazy river, a kiddie spray pool, a wave pool and a 24-person whirlpool. Needless to say, there is something for everyone. One thing to know is that your kids must be at least 48 inches tall to ride the waterslides.
To guarantee your reservation, stay at the property, but there are also a limited number of day passes available. Book far in advance if you are staying at another hotel on the Cape. Tip: Look at Groupon to see if you can purchase a discounted day pass. Day passes cost $40 per adult; $30 per child under 48 inches. “Spectactors,” who don’t swim, can buy a pass for $20. Children 3 and under are free. Discounted passes are available Friday and Saturday from 5–10pm. Nightly hotel rates start at $269 and include admission to the waterpark. If you have the Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card, price out a stay on Hotels.com to earn up to 20% in rewards on your stay. (You’ll earn 10x miles by booking and paying with your Capital One Venture Card via Hotels.com and paired with the Hotels.com rewards program benefits through Jan. 31, 2020.)
9. Cape Cod Potato Chip Tour
Free tour and free chips — need I say more? If you are a potato chip lover, or just looking for something for your family to do on a rainy day, the Cape Cod Potato Chip Factory is right in Hyannis. The self-guided tour will take you through the facility to see how the chips are made, which is always a fun experience for kids. Note: The factory is closed to visitors until June 17, 2019, because of remodeling. Check the website before visiting.
10. Whydah Pirate Museum
The Whydah Pirate Museum in West Yarmouth is the perfect place to see real pirate treasure and learn about an authentic shipwreck. This museum is geared toward older children, although there is a scavenger hunt for younger kids. (Tip: The amount of time spent at the museum is up to you, but most families will spend about 90 minutes.) Spring hours are from 10am to 5pm. Last entry is at 4pm. Check the website for summer hours. Admission is $18.95 for adults; $14.95 for kids 5-17, and kids 4 and under are free.
11. Outdoor Children’s Shows at Cape Rep Theater
The Cape Rep Theater in Brewster puts on two different plays over the summer. In 2019, your kids will have an opportunity to see the Naked Mole Rat Gets Dressed (June 25–Aug. 28) and Pitter Patter Puppets (July 11–Aug. 22). Shows run Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at 10am and last about an hour. Tickets range from $10 to $12 per person.
12. Mini-Golf
Mini-golf is a favorite pastime on the Cape, and Pirates Cove in South Yarmouth has one of the biggest courses — there are two 18-hole mini-golf courses. And, of course, there is ice cream right on site after you are done. If you’re staying on the Upper Cape or Lower Cape, you’ll be able to find closer mini-golf courses. Admission is $11.50 for adults; $10.50 for kids 4-12, and children 3 and under are free. If you want to play all 36 holes, it’s $18.95 for adults and $17.50 for kids.
13. Bumper Boats, Batting Cages, Zip Line
Grand Slam in Harwich Port has it all. Probably the most popular activity is the bumper boats, but you can also try out the batting cages or zip lining. Tip: Bring cash as Grand Slam doesn’t take credit cards. (Later, you can head down the street to Bud’s Go-Karts for some outdoor go-karting.) Each boat can accommodate one adult and one child under 46 inches tall and costs $8 per ride.
14. Whale Watching
Some of the best whale watching can be found off the coast in Provincetown. One of the more popular tours is Whale Watch Dolphin Fleet of Provincetown. Summer is one of the best seasons to spot some sea life. If you’re lucky, you’ll see different types of whales as well as dolphins. Expect to pay $53 for adults; $33 for kids, children 4 and under are free.
Tours can last from three to four hours, so make sure that your kids are OK on a boat for that long (without getting seasick).
15. Day Trip to Martha’s Vineyard
Although there is a ton to do right on Cape Cod, a day trip to Martha’s Vineyard can also be fun. Getting there by ferry is part of the fun and takes less than an hour. (Just keep in mind that some of the ferries only run seasonally.)
- Hi-Line Cruises: Hyannis Harbor to Oak Bluffs
- Steamship Authority: Woods Hole to Vineyard Haven & Woods Hole to Oak Bluffs
- Island Queen: Falmouth Harbor to Oak Bluffs
- Falmouth Edgartown Ferry Service: Falmouth Harbor to Edgartown
Typically, tourists take the ferry to Oak Bluffs and then take a bus (or ride bikes) to Edgartown. Family activities include riding the oldest merry-go-round in America, experiencing a Pirate Adventure outing, renting bikes, visiting lighthouses and exploring beautiful beaches. Of course, do not forget the many ice cream shops. Ferry passage varies with Steamship Authority being cheapest with one-way prices at $8.50 for adults and $4.50 for kids. Children 4 and under are free.
Bottom Line
Cape Cod truly is a family-friendly destination with activities to entertain everyone at the beach, bike riding along the coast or visiting waterparks or museums. Just make sure to use the best credit card for entertainment to maximize the points and miles you’ll earn experiencing all of these summer-time favorites. Even while enjoying your relaxing vacation, you do not want to leave any bonus points/miles on the table.
Jennifer Yellin covers family travel deals for TPG and blogs at Deals We Like. Follow her family’s adventures on Twitter and Instagram.
Featured image by Pos./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/38936778/vendykingoffalafel.0.jpg)
This past weekend, The Vendys made their triumphant return to Philly, setting up shop at Penn Treaty Park on Saturday, June 8. The Vendys are the final word in ranking the best of the best food trucks all around the country, and there was a good mix of old faces and newcomers in the crowd this time around.
The finalists on the savory side included King of Falafel, Chewy's, Chez Yasmine, Christis' Falafel Truck, Foo Truck, KAMI, Lil' Dans Gourmet, Poi Dog, The Cow & the Curd and Tot Cart. In the world of sweets, Cupcake Carnivale, Jimmies, Lil Pop Shop, Sugar Philly, and Sweet Box Cupcakes we're competing for the title.
The big winner of The Vendy Cup 2013 was King of Falafel. West Philly's Lil' Pop Shop defended their title as the dessert champ this year, too. The People's Choice winner was Cow and The Curd, one of Philly's new trucks that sells those Midwest State Fair favorite, the cheese curd. C&C also won the Tide-sponsored Messy Yet Tasty Award, a first for the competition.
· Philly Vendy Awards 2013 [Official]
· All Meals on Wheels Coverage [~EPHI~]Motorists who use the Cabo San Lucas – San José del Cabo toll road were surprised by an increase in the rate, which according to federal authorities the increase was 3%, that is, 4 pesos, provision in force on all highways administered by Federal Roads and Bridges of Income and Related Services.
They detail that the cars will pay 160 pesos, while the trucks will vary their price that will be between 328 and 518 pesos, depending on the number of axles or tires in the heavy unit, it should be noted that the transport of two wheels, that is, motorcycles must pay 80 pesos.
Cesar Sánchez, who arrived at the booth that is located a few meters from the Transpeninsular highway towards La Paz, said that he had taken the card they gave him to enter the toll highway, being surprised at the last checkpoint located near the San José del Cabo Airport that the payment was no longer 156 pesos but 160, which seemed inconceivable in these times of pandemic.
When making the review on the official website of the federal authorities, it is appreciated that the highway with the highest increase was that of Cuernavaca – Acapulco with more than 31 pesos.
Source: tribunadeloscabos.com.mxSIGHTINGS
North Koreans Reduced
To Eating Twigs and Leaves
11-13-98
SEOUL
(Reuters) - Hungry North Koreans are eating leaves and twigs, while hospitals have no medicine, water or heat, a U.S. congressman said on Friday after visiting the famine-hit North. ``North Korean people were relying more and more on substitute food,'' U.S. Rep. Tony Hall, D-Ohio, told a news conference after a four-day visit to communist North Korea to assess famine conditions. He said food distribution centres in North Korea had no real food but were instead full of leaves, twigs and cornstocks. ``They grind them into powder and make noodles out of it,'' he said, pointing to samples of coarse food substitutes he had brought back from North Korea. Floods and drought since 1995 have devastated North Korean agriculture. Its industry has ground to a halt, along with foreign trade, leaving the once fiercely self-reliant country dependent on international handouts.
Hall, who visited the reclusive nation for the fourth time, said many patients in hospitals were walking around holding their stomachs because their digestive tracts could not handle the alternative foods. He said he had seen room after room of children in varying degrees of malnutrition at orphanages. ``Sometimes you can hardly hear any noise from these kids.'' Hall said 30 percent of North Korean children between one and two years of age were acutely malnourished and 65 to 67 percent of children surveyed were stunted. Some children were so malnourished they had to be force-fed, he said. ``Our food is getting through and it's keeping a number of people alive,'' he said. ``But when you scratch the surface, the country is in a very, very critical situation.'' Famine in North Korea has killed 300,000 to 800,000 people a year in the past three years, a U.S. congressional team said last year after visiting the country. North Korea was short of more than food, Hall said. ``The hospitals don't have medicine, clean water or heat. Disease control is non-existent,'' he said. Hall said doctors were operating on patients without anaesthesia and under sunlight because hospitals had no electricity. ``They would even wash cotton balls and re-use them,'' he said.
``There is no power in the country, no heat in buildings and hospitals, but you can see a lot of graves,'' he said. International aid agencies expect the grim situation to continue as the 1998 grain harvest is likely to reach just three million tonnes, or two-thirds of North Korea's minimum need. About 4.5 million tonnes of grain are required to feed North Korea's 20 million people, according to the World Food Programme. Runar Soerensen, UNICEF's resident project officer based in Pyongyang, said in Bangkok on Thursday that malnutrition in North Korea has eased slightly in the past year but tens of thousands of children were still hungry and infant and maternal death rates were climbing. Astrid Heiberg, president of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said in Seoul on Thursday that North Korea was heading towards a catastrophe unless it received assistance from the international community.
SIGHTINGS HOMEPAGEBY JASMINE PALMA
Nearly two weeks after launching library to-go services, the Queens Public Library says its lent out tens of thousands of items.
Seven library branches — Bayside, Bellerose, East Elmhurst, Kew Gardens, Laurelton, Long Island City and Peninsula — began providing grab-and-go service on Monday, July 13, after having been shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The open branches lent approximately 3,800 books and materials, and checked in more than 20,000 items, according to the QPL. The library also welcomed an estimated 2,000 patrons back to its branches.
“Everyone is so happy just to be able to enjoy the service,” said Dave Wang, manager of the Laurelton branch. “Even though the library service is limited, you will see all coming back.”
QPL further reported that over 315,000 items were on loan from the library when branches across the borough closed their doors in an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19. However, there is no rush to return the items immediately.
Checked out books, movies and CDs will not be due nor begin to amass fines until Oct. 1.
In spite of the progression toward normalcy, Queens Public Library has conveyed health and safety as its top priority during the reopening.
“We understand the reality. We’ve been cautious. Now in New York, we are in good shape. We try to do more for the public,” Wang said.
Visitors and staff have been practicing social distancing and wearing masks, according to Ewa Kern Jedrychowska, the deputy communications director for Queens Public Library. Signs have been placed at each location reminding visitors to maintain a six-foot distance with one another and to keep their masks on.
“So far there have been no issues and all of our customers have followed our health and safety protocols,” said Jedrychowska.
Depending on how the to-go service unfolds at its current locations as well as how New York’s overall reopening plan plays out, Queens Library will slowly open more of its branches.
There is no concrete timetable for when a full reopening of the libraries will occur, according to QPL.
Another nine branches, though not open for to-go service, have started to receive returns at book drops and external return machines. Those branches are located in Cambria Heights, Central, Flushing, Jackson Heights, Queensboro Hill, Rego Park, Ridgewood and South Ozone Park branches.
“We try as best we can to deliver service to the public,” said Wang. “The library’s so important to the life of the community.”Cristina R is a beautiful Astondoa 40 open , is the ideal small Sports Cruiser Motor-Boat for cruising the Mediterranean. It can take 9 guests whilst cruising and has two cabins so its ideal for families as well to have some interior space for children to have a break of the sun.
One of its great features is that it has a remarkably low fuel consumption.
Features
Please enter the message you'd like to send to Cristina R
It includes snorkelling equipment.
It also includes complementary soft drinks, water , ice and provides towels for all guests.
There is the option of renting paddle boards and seabobs at additional Santa Eulalia port.
Its port has secured parking facilities in close vicinity of the boat.Amid rising criticism, DataWind has acknowledged that it has been unable to adequately respond to all the queries for the ultra low-cost Aakash tablet PC. DataWind on its website also sought patience from the customers, as it geared up to meet the massive orders for the tablet. DataWind has also provided an e-mail support service for the customers – supportin@datawind.com, besides the toll-free number and fill-in the query forms..
Also read,Bristow Helicopters begins first North Sea flights for Petrofac
Bristow Helicopters has commenced flights for Petrofac in the North Sea.
Bristow Helicopters has commenced flights for Petrofac in the North Sea.
Ensuring the asset integrity of ageing North Sea assets can ensure they remain productive longer than previously intended the Topsides UK conference heard today.
The UK North Sea industry does have a sustainable future, if action is taken now to make the changes needed to deliver $15 dollar production costs, industry experts insisted today.
Petrofac has been appointed as duty holder to support North Sea incomers Anasuria Operating Company Limited in a deal worth $250million, securing 65 jobs.
Ineos boss Jim Ratcliffe is the UK's richest energy services mogul on the Forbes 2016 billionaires list with his $5.5billion fortune..
Petrofac has secured a contract from Zennor Petroleum to provide well design and well construction management services to support the Finlaggan well in the North Sea.
Petrofac and GE have been awarded a contract worth more than £110million to engineer, construct and install a turnkey power system. It will connect up to 336MW of clean energy from the Galloper offshore wind farm off Suffolk, to the British grid.
Petrofac is in consultation with staff over up to 65 positions on CNR assets in the North Sea. It is understood the jobs are in addition to the 160 confirmed by the company earlier this month.
Offshore marine and engineering consultancy Aqualis Offshore has been contracted by Petrofac to perform technical support services for its work on the BorWin 3 gamma topside for the North Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has admitted the oil industry in the north-east is now in crisis – despite one of her own MSPs claiming it was “booming” just days ago.
North east MSP, Kevin Stewart has written to the Chancellor of the Exchequer asking him to take action on securing jobs in the oil and gas sector.
Ithaca today confirmed the start-up of its Greater Stella Development would be delayed until the third quarter of this year.
Petrofac confirmed a record backlog, totalling $18.5billion in its latest financial update.
Petrofac has landed UKCS contract extensions, totalling $400million.
Engineering services company Lamprell said it had increased its workforce by 1,500 in response to increased project construction work in the Middle East.
Saudi Aramco has awarded Petrofac the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) work for its greenfield development.
Petrofac has teamed up with Faroe Petroleum and Eni Hewett to establish a cost saving partnership across their UK operations in the Southern North Sea. The tripartite agreement is aimed at driving efficiencies and commercial synergies. Petrofac will share logistics across the Schooner, Hewett and Ketch gas fields to share logistics and accommodation services across the facilities.
Oilfield services company Petrofac has been awarded a multi-million dollar technical training contract with Shell Iraq, achieving their fourth win with a major operator in the country.
Petrofac has terminated a contract with ZPMC over alleged issues with the its performance in construction of the design of a deepwater multi-purpose vessel. The international service provider said the move was “regrettable” but “necessary”.
Ithaca Energy has modified its Greater Stella deal with Petrofac in a bid to hit its sail-away target.
Petrofac boss Ayman Asfari has admitted mistakes were made in the handling of the delayed Laggan Tormore gas development - which has led to the company losing $263million on the Shetland project..
Petrofac has been awarded a $780million contract from KOC (Kuwait Oil Company) for its manifold group trunkline in the country. The international oil and gas services provider said the win will play an integral part in KOC’s plans to increase and maintain its crude production over the next five years. There are three new gathering centres – forming part of the broader engineering, procurement and construction contract - already being built.President.
Causes of Phobophobia
As stated above, Phobophobia or the fear of fear is very real. People with existing anxiety disorders have an increased risk of developing Phobophobia. As with other phobias, Phobophobia also originates from a panic disorder. Panic is the onset of sudden, unreasoning or hysterical fear.
Typically, nothing in one’s external environment triggers such a phobia; it is usually only the internal thought processes that stimulate it. However, an initial sensitizing event can be considered the root cause of most phobias. This is the point from which the person’s mind becomes like a sensitive time bomb waiting for or anticipating further symptom-producing events. Thus, the cause of the fear of fear phobia becomes the key for its treatment.
Symptoms of the fear of fear phobia
Phobias are never conscious; rather they are embedded deep into one’s psyche and continue to cripple the sufferers for months or years until treatment is sought. As stated above, anxiety and panic attacks are the most common symptoms of this phobia. Other physical symptoms include:
- Dry mouth
- Nausea
- Uncontrollable Sweating, trembling or shaking
- Trying to flee
- Crying, screaming or other Hysterical behavior
- Increased heart rate and shortness of breath
An internal movie plays in the phobic’s mind: s/he might get visions of death, dying, or experiencing dread or terror. The phobic tries to avoid anxiety but ends up becoming so anxious about it, that it becomes a vicious circle. His/her mind fights a losing battle against anxiety. Such panic attacks per se are not dangerous, but the person feels as if s/he is having a heart attack.
Treating Phobophobia
When left untreated, Phobophobia can escalate rapidly out of control. The person may turn to drugs or other substance abuse. Suicide is also common in such individuals.
Professional therapies like Hypnoanalysis are some of the most effective ways of treating Phobophobia. Most other phobias can be overcome using self help methods but in case of fear of fear phobia, it is best to seek professional help.
The key is to learn to relax when an anxiety attack sets in. Some therapists advocate the use of calming drugs and anti depressants for this purpose. However, many of these medications have terrible side effects. One can, instead, opt for homeopathic treatment that recommends herbs like St. John’s Wort, or Chamomile and Lavender etc for soothing anxiety and depression.
Online as well as face-to-face support groups have also been quite beneficial for helping Phobophobics. These may not have the same effect as professional therapies but they can help one take comfort in the fact that s/he is not alone in the fight against Phobophobia.
Jules says
I think I may have this phobia. I freak out at the thought of watching a horror movie or even the idea of something scary. However, I really don’t want to make a false alarm. How can I be sure?
cAIQUE says
omg
Dylan says
If you are scared of phobias in general or if you are scared of gaining symptoms of a certain phobia, you have Phobophobia. Plus, horror movies are meant to scare you.
Amanda says
I completely understand what you are saying. A lot of people don’t understand. As stated, horror movies are meant to scare you. When one says things like this they don’t fully grasp the concept of being afraid of even the attempt of watching the movie. The fear of being afraid. It’s hard to explain but I completely understand. On the other hand I also fear many things that once didn’t scare me. Such as birds. I used to love birds. Now I am terrified. I can’t think of when this happened or why. And I hate it.
anushka says
Hi! I think I have this phobia because I cry a lot on small things (sometimes big) or feel panic and sometimes my heart starts beating fast and I feel shortness of breath. I feel depressed when I’m alone but in front of my friends I feel okay but not comfortable. In fact nowhere I feel comfortable. Every time I cry I feel relieved, sometimes I feel like killing myself but I know it’s not the right solution. So I want a solution.
Austin says
The best solution is to get counseling. Everyone needs a different solution based on that person’s specific characteristics, mentality, etc. If you choose to get counseling make sure you are 100% honest with your counselor and he/she will be the only one who can truly help you with your condition.
Dylan says
Phobophobia is being scared of phobias. If you are scared of having a phobia or scared of experiencing the symptoms, you have it, if not, no, you do not have Phobophobia.There are currently no items in your basket.
Use the tab key or shift plus tab keys to move between the menu items. Use the enter key to expand submenu items.
Or, Continue with
Our site and our partners collect data and use cookies to enhance your experience, analyse traffic and for ad personalisation and measurement. One such partner is Google. For more information on this and how to manage your cookies click here.KKR, OTPP, PSP to buy Australia's Spark Infrastructure for $7.2b
KKR, Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTPP), PSP Investments have agreed to buy Australia-listed Spark Infrastructure, which has extensive interests in electricity transmission and distribution, for an enterprise valuation of A$10.1 billion ($7.2 billion).
They will acquire every unit in Spark Infrastructure Trust for A$2.95 apiece, which includes pending interim and special distributions. The offer – which must be approved by security holders – gives....Grant Son Guest Speaker at Venture for America's Summer Bootcamp at Brown University
[July 2015] Enjoyed the opportunity to participate in Venture for America's summer bootcamp at Brown University. It was great speaking to our next generation of entrepreneurs and serving as a judge for the Profit Challenge. Venture for America (VFA) is a fellowship program for recent grads who want to learn how to build a business while making an impact. VFA Fellows get training and join a startup in an emerging US city, where they learn hands-on what it takes to build a c- Avery Fasson Direct Thermal Material(16NWS/AP103/BG40#) as the label media which ensure high quality and reliable printing.
- Each labels measures 28mm x 89mm.
- Label Colour: White
- Labels Each Roll: 130
This label rolls are wrapped individually with plastic bags to ensure that no sunlight is able to penetrate onto the surface of the labels.
Many uses: shipping labels, barcodes, carton labels, address labels, general purpose tasks.
Be the first to review “Direct Thermal 28mm x 89mm 130L White Labels”Chicago’s Love Affair with a Classic Hardwood Floor
With a wood flooring market trumped only by the Big Apple, Chicago is the second city of wood flooring. Chicago’s undying love for 2 1/4″ Select & Better solid red oak floors stays strong today as seen in Rue Magazine co-founder and editor-in-chief Crystal Gentilello‘s north side apartment. Vintage floors such as these are refinished to their original glory regularly in addition to the new 2 1/4″ red oak floors that are installed daily in the Windy City.
As noted in the Sept/Oct issue of Rue Magazine “the unfussy decor allows the unique architectural details of the building – like the stone fireplace and hardwood floors – to stand proud.” Red oak floors particularly in this traditional narrow width grace interior stylings from Traditional to Arts & Crafts and from Formal to Mid Century Modern.This Arizona wine region just got major national recognition. Why that's a big deal
Arizona has three major wine-growing regions, but until Nov. 10, only two of them were recognized by the federal government as official wine-growing areas.
On Wednesday, Nov. 10, more than four years after local winemakers first submitted a petition, the Federal Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau designated a roughly 200-square mile area in Yavapai County as the Verde Valley Viticultural Area.
This means that the Verde Valley has officially joined Willcox and Sonoita as a recognized American Viticultural Area.
Culinary travel guide:Arizona's Verde Valley is a hub for experimental food and drink
"I am ecstatic with this TTB announcement,” said Tom Schumacher, president of the Verde Valley Wine Consortium in a news release. “The Verde Valley AVA petition was submitted to the TTB by the Verde Valley Wine Consortium in 2017. This shows that our arduous efforts to submit the petition have been fruitful.”
The Verde Valley is now an AVA. What does that mean?
Throughout the country, there are 260 established AVAs, with 142 of them located in California, according to the TTB. With the addition of the Verde Valley, Arizona now can claim three.
According to the TTB's Nov. 10 ruling, "With the establishment of the Verde Valley AVA, its name, 'Verde Valley,' will be recognized as a name of viticultural significance."
The Verde Valley, which sits around the intersection of Oak Creek and the Verde River, is home to 19 commercial vineyards and 25 tasting rooms, according to the Verde Valley Wine Trail.
More than 40 varieties are grown in the region and tasting rooms allow customers to try different types of locally produced wine, including Chardonnay, Vermentino, Syrah, Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese.
An Arizona icon:Gordon Dutt's legacy lives on through Arizona wine
There are many benefits to AVA designation, including national recognition as a wine-producing region and the prominence that comes with that title. It also provides cohesiveness for wineries in the area, as they define their region's wine characteristics tied to the soil, climate and growing conditions. It can also help winemakers sell their products at a higher price.
Now, with an AVA designation behind them, Verde Valley winemakers are on their way to national recognition. Yavapai College, which houses the Southwest Wine Center, an acclaimed wine production program, vineyard and tasting room, aims to help even more graduates become winemakers in the surrounding area.
The AVA designation officially goes into effect on Dec. 10, 2021.
Arizona's northern wine country:A guide to wine tasting in the Verde Valley
Reach the reporter at tirion.morris@arizonarepublic.com. Follow her on Twitter at @tirionmorris, on Facebook at Tirion Rose and on Instagram at tirionrose.
Support local journalism and subscribe to azcentral.com today.Find the latest listing of Home Federal Savings Bank promotions, bonuses, and offers here.
Typical offers include their $250 checking offer.
Table of Contents
Home Federal Savings Bank Promotions Review
Home Federal Savings Bank was founded in Spring Valley, Minnesota in 1934. It was originally called Home Federal Savings and Loan Association. They’ve been committed to providing great service and competitive products to individuals and businesses ever since.
- Bonus Link:
- $250 Checking Bonus (Expires December 31, 2021)
- Account Type: Checking Account, Relationship Money Market
- Availability: MN, IA, WI
- Branches: 14 Branches (Bank Locator)
- Credit Inquiry: Soft Pull
- Direct Deposit Requirement: Unknown
- Credit Card Funding: None
- Early Termination Fee: $75, if the account closes within the first 6 months.
For more current offers, check out our bank bonuses page. Compare Home Federal Savings Bank rates for CDs and Savings with our best rates for Savings and CD accounts.
Be sure to check more popular bank promotions include Chase Bank, Discover Bank, TD Bank, Huntington Bank, HSBC Bank, and many more.
I’ll go over Home Federal Savings Bank offers below.
Home Federal Savings Bank $250 Checking Bonus
- What you’ll get: $250 bonus
- Where it’s available: MN, IA, WI
- How to earn it:
- Earn the following bonuses:
- $150 when you open a new eligible checking account and set up a $500 direct deposit. $150 reward will be credited to the account within 60 days of meeting the direct deposit qualification.
- $50 when you add a debit card to your account with CardGuard. $50 reward will be credited to the account within 60 days of meeting the installation of the CardGuard Application requirement.
- $50 by using your phone’s mobile wallet. All you have to do is activate your Home Federal debit card in your phone’s mobile wallet and use 15 times within 45 days of activation.
- When it expires: 12/31/2021
(Expires December 31, 2021)
Home Federal Savings Bank is available with 14 branches across Maine and Iowa. They also offer a variety of checking and savings accounts for different needs. However, minimum requirements to waive monthly service fees vary by account.
Checking Account Bonuses
Home Federal Savings Bank offers cash bonuses for new checking customers from time to time. Sometimes you have to open a checking plus savings account package to earn these bonuses.
As an added perk, All Home Federal Savings Bank checking accounts offer free online banking, mobile banking, and mobile deposits.
Special Checking Account Features
All Home Federal Savings Bank checking accounts come with these features.
- Online Banking: You can access your funds at any time, anywhere in the world as long as you can access the internet.
- Overdraft Protection: You won’t be charged any additional fees for accidentally spending over your balance.
- Mobile Banking & mobile deposits: With a tap of a finger, you can manage your money in the palm of your hand with any smartphone.
What to Open at Home Federal Savings Bank
Keep your eye out on these great Home Federal Savings Bank products:
- Checking and Money Market: You can earn a $250 bonus when you open a new qualifying checking account , open a money market account, and complete the requirements
How to Avoid Home Federal Savings Bank Checking Account Fees
- Basic Checking: There are no monthly fees with this account
- Interest Advantage Checking: $10, can be waived if you maintain a cumulative balance of more than $5,000 in any Home Federal deposit account.
- Relationship Money Market: $25, can be waived if you maintain a balance of $10,000 or greater in your money market account.
Savings Account Offers
- Savings: Ask CSR for more information.
- Certificate of Deposit: Ask CSR for more information.
- Money Market: Ask CSR for more information.
Bottom Line
To summarize, Home Federal Savings Bank has some of the best promotions, bonuses, and offers in Maine Home Federal Savings Bank promotions here.Commercial Real Estate Experts
Commercial real estate is a specialized field and clients of Hassey Realty rely on a dependable firm with enviable credentials that lead to success. Whether you are a landowner, tenant, or investor, learn about Hassey Realty’s comprehensive suite of commercial, industrial, and land real estate services for Barrie, Brampton, Innisfil, Bradford, Orillia, Simcoe County, Georgetown and the GTA.Salmon Farming Industry Caught Pumping Infectious Blood Into Canadian Bay
Blood from tons of diseased farmed fish is being pumped into British Columbia’s largest wild salmon migration route
With mounting concern that farmed salmon are spreading disease to wild salmon, Canadian diver Tavish Campbell decided to investigate for himself.
With an underwater camera, he dove into the pristine waters of Clayoquot Sound and Discovery Passage in British Columbia, to see what he could find.
His first stop was Brown’s Bay Packing Company on Vancouver island.
What he discovered shocked and disgusted him – plumes of blood from the plant’s drainage pipe bellowing into British Columbia’s largest wild salmon migration route.
“As I approached the outpour pipe and my light illuminated the bloody water, I think I just about choked on my regulator,” Campbell says in the video below:
According to Campbell, a third of all the wild salmon in British Columbia swim past Brown’s Bay and through the adjoining Campbell River.
After his discovery, he and a friend hopped in their truck and made their way to Lions Gate Fisheries’ processing plant in Tofino Harbor, where they found the exact same scenario, only this time it was rock fish and perch feeding directly on the blood water.
Campbell collected samples of the “blood water” from the outpouring and sent them to a scientist for analysis. They tested positive for numerous pathogens, including intestinal worms and piscine reovirus, which causes extreme inflammation of the heart and muscles of salmon.
A recent study reveals around 80 percent of Atlantic salmon on British Columbia’s coast have the virus. Some scientists have argued that the highly contagious virus can spread from salmon in open-net pen farms to wild salmon that swim past.
In a statement on its website, Brown’s Bay Packing Company claims it disinfects all discharge before releasing it into the bay, which they say is “a perfectly legal” practice.
While the booming fish farming industry was intended to replace dwindling wild fish stocks, it may now be threatening the existence of wild fish altogether.
Calling his findings “a national embarrassment to Canada,” Campell asks viewers to Prime Minister Justine Trudeau (justin.trudeau@parl.gc.ca) andPremier John Horgan (premier@gov.bc.ca) and demand that the salmon aquaculture industry be transitioned to land.
Recent CommentsSpring is in the air! The weather is slowly starting to warm up, little green buds are sprouting on the trees, and my allergies are starting to kick in. Also, this week we began 4th quarter. It’s also known as “the light at the end of the tunnel” for both students and teachers. The nice thing about 4th quarter is that everyone gets a little extra boost of energy. It’s like when you are running a race and you can see the finish line and you suddenly notice that you actually do have more energy than you thought because you are able to sprint to the end. There is one major flaw with 4th quarter… I feel like we’re just getting started. We’re on a roll, in a groove, and everyone is making nice progress. This would be the perfect time to get involved in some amazing projects, except the end of the school year is fast approaching. What to do? Year-round school is sounding more and more inviting!
photo credit: The Start and Finish Line of the “Inishowen 100” Scenic Drive via photopin (license)
Here is the list of things I’d still like to accomplish this year (and why it would be so much easier if we were in school all year).
1. Connect with a class from another school.
I think my students could really benefit from using technology to connect with students from a different school. This would be a wonderful way to practice our digital citizenship skills, get feedback in a new way, and learn about a different place. There are so many options available from mystery skype to edublogs and google plus communities and more and more teachers seem to be jumping on board with inter-class connections. This project requires long-term commitment to really establish a relationship. Summer is definitely getting in the way!Folks! Now that you list most of the horrible things thát will happen if an personal gets angry and attacks others, you can mention that any of the small children will get older and inevitably have the potential to certainly hurt others and injury property. Help the kid and his or her choice to disclose the sexual misuse, zero issue what the kid states. The church’s bishops havé become fewer content with ambiguity, and in the anglican report, issues on individuals sexuality, they go beyond tolerance but end at ordaining gay people unless they are celibate openly.
These sex toys are attainable in most shapes and sizes, depending try this out..Saints running back Boston Scott ready for more opportunities
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/W73PDOASXFCSJNCQO67JOLX5A4.jpg)
METAIRIE, LA (WVUE) - While Tre'Quan Smith had a chance to back up what we've seen in practice with some solid plays against the Jaguars, Boston Scott's chances were more limited. He had just one carry in the fourth quarter. And unfortunately, even if you have the talent, it doesn't do you much good if you can't get it on the field. Going into Friday's game against Arizona, Scott would love a bit more of an opportunity to prove his worth.
"You know, I would like a carry," says Scott. "But it doesn't matter how many opportunities there are. It's the quality of the reps. So whatever opportunities I get, I'm going to maximize on them."
He lived up those words on special teams, averaging 26 yards per return with a long of 35. But there's still a ways to go before anyone wins that job.
"We're not even halfway through camp yet," says head coach Sean Payton. "We have played one preseason game. So we have, hopefully, a lot of return opportunities to where it is clear to all of us. Right now, it is early. These guys are working on it."
As for establishing himself as an every down back, which Scott believes he is, that's where he'll be facing the biggest uphill battle. Jonathan Williams' hard running late in the game earned high praise from his teammates and coach Payton. Should Scott get the opportunity, he'll have to not only prove that he can be a strong runner and pass catcher, but handle pass protection, which is obviously a tougher feat given his stature.
"It's just been staying in the playbook," says Scott. "Studying and making sure that I stay on top of that. That's how I'm able to play a little bit faster than when I first got out here. Just staying on top of it, studying and those things take care of themselves."
What Boston Scott really hopes works in his favor is the time he put in with Drew Brees, Michael Thomas and former Saint Darren Sproles, who he's been compared to, over the summer in San Diego. Scott says he was able to develop some chemistry with Brees. Now, it's just about earning those first team reps to show his coaches.Pork Pursuit: Utah Cops Chase Down Loose Pig
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/VVWEAGCHQNPQNAAZZLJBUPJNAY.jpg)
Officers with Utah's Unified Police Department found themselves in the middle of an unlikely pursuit when they were called to a Magna neighborhood to round up a stray pig.
Just after 6:30 p.m. Wednesday, officers were called,.
Read more:Microsoft started the 3:2 aspect ratio trend with the Surface Pro series, but few companies have revamped their PC lineup and followed Microsoft’s lead, which is really a shame, as we find this aspect much more useful than 16:9 for a productivity laptop. But today, we learned that a Chinese computer manufacturer CHUWI is about to launch their latest 2-in-1 laptop on Indiegogo, with a 12.3-Inch, 3:2 aspect ratio display.
CHUWI chose this aspect over their previously used 16:9 because they say it falls right in between 4:3 and 16:9, which are the two most common aspects in reading and media. In other words, they’re billing it as the best intermediate solution. Little black bars won’t be too distracting in video playback, but web pages, magazines and especially PDF feel way more comfortable in reading or editing.
It’s also interesting that smartphones nowadays are getting taller too, like the SONY Xperia 1’s 21:9 aspect ratio, but the reason here is the same: People like to read top-down on web pages and with data, for more visible content. Compare that experience to reading a web page on a 16:9 screen with copious amounts of scrolling, and it is not hard to see the benefits. In fact, both SONY, Microsoft and CHUWI are doing the same thing: make the screen taller to read more content (just with different orientations).
It’s understandable that many other laptop makers haven’t opted the 3:2 aspect ratio, Video is something that all users care about. But a laptop is more than just a video playback machine, For millions of users, it’s a primary productivity tool for making a living. They use these devices to read, write, remember, create, connect, and communicate. And in this regard, CHUWI’s absolutely doing a great job with their UBook Pro.
Except for the favorable display, UBook also comes with the 3.4Ghz Core™ m3-8100Y, one of the most high-efficiency core ULV processor, and 8GB RAM+Up to 512GB SSD under the hood. All of these make UBook Pro an ALMOST perfect 2-in-1 laptop, the only unknown for now, is the price. But since CHUWI’s never let us down on price/performance ratio, UBook Pro’s absolutely something worth looking forward to in this autumn.
Now UBook Pro is in the preheating stage for its crowdfunding. During which time, early subscribers can get 25% OFF email-only discount so check it out.>
You have no items to compare.
An Es-Key multiplexed network can be made up of numerous types of modules (nodes) and sensors each with their own specific functions communicating via SAE J1939 protocol. Multiplexing is a method that enables the electronic components of a vehicle to communicate, or “talk” to each other in a more efficient manner than ever before. Rather than using a multitude of copper wires between each switch, relay, and component, individual solid-state modules, or “nodes” use microprocessors to communicate between each other to activate the selected circuit.
Class 1 offer a range of pre-configured electronic components that can be used in stand-alone application or integrated into an Es-Key system.
In keeping with the same rugged design philosophy as the Es-Key range, these components can be utilised in a variety of fixed plant and mobile applications.Answer
Updated On: 25-10-2021
100+
100+
Text Solution
Introduction And Rate Of A Reaction
Units Of Rate Of Reaction And Expression Of Rate
Factors Influencing The Rate Of Reaction
Law Of Mass Action And Rate Law
Order And Molecularity
Derivation And Characteristics
Examples And Numericals Of Zero Order Reaction
Derivation
Characteristics Of A First Order Reaction
Examples And Numericals Of First Order Reaction.: Quantitative resistance (QR) to crop diseases, which is partial, has usually been more long-lasting than resistance that comes from major genes than major-gene resistance which is initially fully or near fully effective against some strains of a pathogen. Some QR has eroded as pathogens adapted to it, especially when the QR is widely used in agriculture and epidemics of the pathogen are frequent. Changes in aggressiveness of various plant pathogens on crop cultivars with QR have been observed, and there are experimental data on the effects on pathogen fitness (disease-causing and reproductive ability) of adaptation to QR. However, there is little information about the molecular basis of pathogen adaptation to QR. Some QR has protective effects against multiple diseases, while in a few cases QR can have a positive effect against one disease but lead to greater susceptibility to another. Data on cultivars’ disease ratings in field experiments over several years can be used to understand how durable QR is in crops. It is argued that published data likely under-report the durability of QR, because cases where pathogens do not become more aggressive on QR cultivars are not reported. The implications of research on QR for plant breeding are discussed.
Technical Abstract: of diverse pathogens on cultivars with QR have been recorded, along with experimental data on fitness costs of pathogen adaptation to QR, but there is little information about molecular mechanisms of adaptation. Some QR has correlated or antagonistic effects on multiple diseases. Longitudinal data on cultivars’ disease ratings in trials over several years can be used to assess the significance of QR for durable resistance in crops. It is argued that published data likely under-reports the durability of QR, owing to publication bias. The implications of research on QR for plant breeding are discussed.Accounting Services
Delerme CPA is the best resource for accounting services in the Atlanta, GA area. Our CPA firm can take fundamental accounting tasks off your hands to save you time, and we'll deliver regular financial reports to help you manage your money. Call us today at 404-445-8095 to learn more or request a free initial consultation online now.
Accounting and Bookkeeping
We'll handle your bookkeeping, find new ways to manage cash flow, and put together a practical budget to keep your finances in order.
Financial and Business Consulting
We go beyond the numbers and use innovative methods to improve internal controls and make your business more profitable so it can grow.
Incorporation and New Business Advisory
What business structure will be most cost-effective at tax time? We'll determine which entity is right for your Atlanta, GA business. We can also help you put together a business plan and get a business loan.
QuickBooks™ Setup and Support Services
We can setup your QuickBooks software and offer ongoing QuickBooks support to answer questions. At your request, we can also review your data file at regular intervals to correct any errors.VPT Tours will present more than 800 different travel proposals at FITUR
In February, the VPT Tours explained that it had undertaken a temporary and compulsory pause in activity, but added that it would soon be back to "full steam ahead" in the near future. Acknowledging present challenges and that better times are soon to come, they reaffirmed that "Ever since the pandemic began, our company has continued our preparations for future routes throughout Europe and Spain, ensuring that these will be safer, more responsible and effective for future passengers".
16 Mar 2021
"While the VPT model already embodied these ideals, it's our duty to be further mindful of and include new ideas: guaranteeing protection, safeguarding, outreach and, ultimately, ensuring a smooth path forwards, ensuring that the end users of our product see that our brand continues to stand at the forefront of this niche market, just as we always have", the company noted. Therefore, "we will be focusing our efforts and resources on expansion and optimisation, ensuring that when we're permitted to resume our operations again and offer our broad selection of routes, we're seen as a 'safe choice' by both travel agencies and passengers".
"Taking into account and in line with our implementation of a strict and stringent series of actions in response to sanitation requirements for our products, we are prepared to offer new itineraries in addition to our previous and most popular offerings on the market", they explained. "While we're aware and conscious of a potential period of stagnation during the first few months after resuming operations, we're confident that, by the second half of 2021 and certainly by 2022, there will be a significant rebound resulting in extremely high demand for travel routes throughout Europe".
Rescheduled travel
"Our operations and reservations staff have already rescheduled countless reservations that were placed on hold due to the pandemic. Moreover, the amount of travel quotes requested for the coming months is more than encouraging and indicative of the tourism needs of older generations", the company reaffirmed.
"Our fleet of vehicles, recognised as being one of the most modern and efficient in the field, has been adapted via quite rigorous and innovative processes to offer pleasurable and safe travel". "Our expertly trained and exclusive group of guides will go on to assume yet another role, adding even more value to their already outstanding professionalism. They will be trained to be more involved as "problem-solvers".
"With this, it is VPT's intention to attend FITUR 2021 and demonstrate our presence, just as we always have. We're excited to present our capabilities and offerings to new friends and clients, which include more than 800 different travel proposals. This is why, by demonstrating our products, offering the best prices on the market and our years of demonstrated trustworthiness, VPT is able to attract people with a common interest who wish to travel safely, and thus making it possible for us to work towards our common mission as professionals with a vocation for service and a love of tourism".
2.4 L, 4 cyl, Man 6-spd, Regular Gasoline
MSRP: $19,764 - $21,814
Combined: 24 MPG
Highway: 30 MPG
370 grams per mile
3.0 L, 6 cyl, Auto 4-spd, Premium Gasoline
Combined: 19 MPG
City: 17 MPG
Highway: 22 MPG
468 grams per mile
Home | Full Site | Contact UsAbout The Club
Royal Palm Tennis Club. A Rich History.
A Bright Future.
For over 50 years, our club has developed right along with the game to become the leading private tennis facility in South Florida.
Royal Palm is the embodiment of tennis in South Florida. It was founded as a private club in 1960 by a group of players who saw the need for a place where tennis would be the central focus of the facilities, and the main activity of its members and the staff. Our membership represents a broad cross-section of players. Our courts are filled with young and old, beginners to advanced, working and retired, who belong to the club simply because they love to play the game.
As stated in our By-Laws, “The mission of the Club is to operate, maintain and improve the Royal Palm Tennis Club as a private, non-profit club for the purpose of enabling its members to learn and play the game of tennis and engage in other social activities in an atmosphere of sportsmanship and friendship.” The club is “owned” by its members and management of the club is directed by the Royal Palm’s elected Board of Directors.
For membership information, or to arrange a visit, please call 305-661-3350.
Management Team
Club Manager | Beverley Crane
Tennis Director | Eric Hechtman
Business Manager | Ann Cofield
Maintenance | Alan Alvarez
Since 1960, the passion for the game of tennis at Royal Palm has remained constant.
Some of our members even competed at Wimbledon:
Patrick Cramer
Karol Fageros Short
Donna Floyd Fales
Mary Joe Fernandez
Frank Froehling Jr.
Sally Greer
Doris Hart
Richard Leslie
Jack Brasington
Jennifer Stevens
Jennifer Lee Heinser
Francisco Montana
Bettina Bunge
Kim Sands
Mike Brunnberg<<Workshops and 'Time for Tea'
- a ropewalking tale
The Bullzini Family are also able to come to your event or festival and teach children and adults of all ages to walk on wires and ropes tight and slack. We also have a lower 20 minute tightrope and storytelling show based on classic tales form the golden age of ropewalking.
Bullzini Family Ropewalking Show 'Time for Tea' < Review
For.
An old piano seems to be playing in the distance, and moustachio’d Christopher Bullzini appears in a dress-shirt and cravat. The two mount their wire from opposite ends, crossing towards each other with the long balance poles seen so often in old photographs, and usually associated with much higher walks. They look trustingly into each other’s eyes rather than focussing blankly into space, and their relationship is established before a word is spoken..
Time for Tea is a genteel vignette of funambulist history.
THE CIRCUS DIARIESLarge Silk Print Scarf Lava Party | PRE-ORDER
DESCRIPTION
Large, silk print, square scarf, measures 40X40 inches/ 101.6X101.6 centimeters.
Lava Party is an absolutely wild print that's not for the faint of heart. Joyful, unique, outstanding, retro, modern, all words we'd used to describe this out of this world print.
This item is currently in production and will ship early December.
During the 2021 Holiday Season each of our scarves comes packaged in a beautiful box ready for gift-giving.Earlier this year, I went to Taiwan with a team from LA to shoot a short film called Picture Taipei, a pure passion project. Today, I'm so excited to share our film's trailer and Kickstarter campaign!
Please visit our page and watch our video below to learn more about the film and the team behind this project.BootDefrag.exe is a development of Pointstone Software, LLC. It’s an executable file that is related with System Cleaner and it works for Windows OS. It’s an essential element for the function of the application. However, its presence may cause various troubles for the computer. It often comes inside the machine along the freeware programs without users’ consent. It has been noticed that once getting infected by this exe file, PC starts behaving in a very rude way. And thus, to avoid all such issues from being occurred, users need to remove BootDefrag.exe from their system as soon as possible.
BootDefrag.exe mainly distributed via spam emails attachment, keep browsing domain which is malicious, which can then infect the system when executed as users make double click on it. It o developed using such uniqueness that hard for users to find out is system have real application or virus.
BootDefrag BootDefrag.exe as soon as possible.
Required Steps To Repair BootDefrag.exe Errors….!!!
- Step 1 – Download the installer and install by following on screen instructions.
- Step 2 – Next, click on “Scan” button to start diagnosis of your PC.
- Step 3 – Finally, Click on “Fix Errors” to complete repair process.
BootDef BootDef BootDef BootDefrag.exe error works?
The BootDefrag.exe infections install their executable in the marked PC in a very secret way. They copy its payloads in the Windows System folders and alter the registries simultaneously so that this file runs automatically every time the System is booted. BootDef
- “BootDefrag.exe Application Error.”
- “BootDefrag.exe is not a valid Win32 application.”
- “BootDefrag.exe. This program is not responding.”
- “Error starting program: BootDefrag.exe.”
- “Faulting Application Path: BootDefrag.exe.”
- “BootDefrag.exe failed.”
How BootDefrag.exe Does Gets Inside the PC?
Cyber criminals use multiple means to circulate infectious copy of BootDef BootDefrag.exe virus.
Sometimes, cyber-criminals also promote BootDefrag.exe as helpful software or a necessary Windows System file. For instance, you may notice a bogus message asking you to update Java files or Adobe Flash Player and so on.
Issues and Damages Caused by BootDefrag.exe
First of all, understand that BootDef BootDefrag.exe and they alter the important settings of PC unnecessarily. They even allow cyber-criminals to gain access over your work-station.
How to Remove BootDefrag.exe file from the PC?
Nevertheless, it is possible to delete BootDef BootDefrag.exe and even restore the malware.
Let Us Learn How to Remove BootDef BootDef<<15 Surprising Facts About Your Favorite Childhood Film, "The Neverending Story"
"Moonchiiiiiiiild!"
1. Atreyu was originally supposed to have green skin, like in the book.
His character was a member of a tribe literally called the "Greenskins," who hunted purple buffalo.
2. Noah Hathaway, the actor who played Atreyu, actually had a really bad horse-riding accident just before shooting began.
He had to spend two months in the hospital recovering from a crushed vertebra after a horse fell on top of him.
3. There were two Falkor, the Luck Dragon, models built; one had a head weighing over 200 pounds.
5. Tami Stronach, who played the Childlike Empress, lost two teeth before filming and had to wear fake teeth, aka flippers for the shoot.
In the beginning, the fake teeth made her speak with a slight lisp too.
The swamp was made entirely inside a soundstage at Bavaria Film Studios.
8. One person, actor Alan Oppenheimer, actually provided the voice of Falkor, Rockbiter, G'mork (the wolf), and the narrator.
10. Although it's pretty questionable in the film, the name Bastian yells out, according to the book, is "Moonchild".
11. At the time, it was the most expensive film production made in German history.
It cost $25 million to make in 1984 or, according to my very scientific inflation calculations, probably like $100 million today (do NOT take my word for it though).
13. Turns out, Bastian totally lives in Vancouver, Canada.
Well, at least that is where a lot of the "real world" scenes were shot for the movie.
14. The author of the book that the film was based on pretty much hated the movie.
Michael Ende was quoted at a press conference calling it, "that revolting movie" and demanded that his name be removed from the credits.
15. And finally, if you can't get enough Neverending Story in your life today, you can actually ride on Falkor at Bavaria Filmstadt in Munich, Germany:
How The Latest Phase Of The Pandemic Is Playing Out Across The U.S.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
This week looks very different from last after a load of big coronavirus news. First, an expansion in vaccination. Children as young as 12 can now get the Pfizer shot. And then, of course, the CDC quickly followed that news with a surprise announcement. Masks are no longer necessary in most places for vaccinated people. Now, that second announcement set off a cascade of confusion and some controversy as people wondered, how do we know who's vaccinated? Is the honor system enough? Well, here to discuss how this latest phase of the pandemic is playing out around the country, we have brought in Anna Huntsman of Ideastream in Cleveland, Kate Wells of Michigan Radio, and Sam Whitehead with WABE in Atlanta.
Welcome to all three of you.
ANNA HUNTSMAN, BYLINE: Hi there.
KATE WELLS, BYLINE: Hey.
SAM WHITEHEAD, BYLINE: Good to be here.
KELLY: All right. Kate, I'm thinking let's start with you and start in Michigan, which I'm doing because you all have had the terrible surge this spring. I know things are a little better now, but there are still dozens of people dying every day there. Are people in Michigan embracing the new vaccine eligibility for young teenagers?
WELLS: Yeah. Well, we certainly had kids get hit really hard in this latest surge. We had a record number of children hospitalized last month. And at least for the vaccine clinics that I visited, the appointments were packed with the 12 to 15-year-olds. One thing that stuck out about several families, actually, is these kids who have been really living with a lot of anxiety, those who've had high-risk family members. One of them, Allegra Blackwood, that I met, she's 13. She lives in Ann Arbor. So even as these other kids have been able to go back to school in person, Allegra stayed home. And she talks about just how excited she was to get the vaccine.
ALLEGRA BLACKWOOD: And then I found out that my best friend was also getting a shot around the same time. And she came in today, and I got to talk to her, which is amazing. It took all my self-restraint not to go and hug her because I really missed her.
WELLS: And you can just tell that this is breaking Allegra's mom's heart. And she's really hoping that for her kid, this will be the start of things getting a little lighter and not having to carry so much of this burden.
KELLY: Yeah. Gosh, yeah. It's been so much for all of us, but for kids to carry, it has been a lot. Anna Huntsman, jump in here from Cleveland. Because I know you have visited some schools that have been holding vaccination clinics during the school day. How's it going?
HUNTSMAN: Yeah. I actually had the opportunity to go to a clinic in a middle school. And what I heard from students is they're wanting to get vaccinated for pretty predictable reasons - seeing their friends, having sleepovers, getting back to sports, things like that. But some kids are actually nervous about the vaccines being so new. I spoke with Kiessa Davis. She's 12, and she told me she's one of the only students she knows who is getting the shot.
KIESSA DAVIS: They were, like, kind of laughing because I was getting it. But no matter really what people say about it, it's like it's a vaccination. It's going to help me not catch COVID. It's like if you guys want to get sick, you guys can get sick, but I'm going to stay COVID free.
HUNTSMAN: And not all schools are actually bringing the shots into the school. Some are actually working with pharmacies. Others are bussing high school students to mass vaccination sites.
KELLY: So different approaches. What about in Georgia, Sam? Because I know vaccination rates there have been not great. They're among the lowest in the country. And I wonder, is that also playing out for these newly eligible teenagers? What are you hearing?
WHITEHEAD: Well, surprisingly, Georgia's public health department started offering shots to 12 to 15-year-olds a few days earlier than most states. They went with this shortly after the FDA authorized Pfizer's vaccine but before the CDC weighed in. And I asked state public health officials why they did that. It seems that they were worried about people hearing the news that this vaccine was coming for younger kids and then not being able to find a shot. Their philosophy seems to be rates are so low here, if someone presents them with an arm, they're going to put a shot in it.
KELLY: (Laughter) Right.
WHITEHEAD: Now, I haven't heard about schools really getting involved like Anna mentioned in Cleveland, but it's important to note here, the school year in Georgia is nearly over. But these new mask guidelines from CDC did cause some confusion in a few school districts here. Some in metro Atlanta last week immediately made masks optional after the CDC issued their guidance. Then when the CDC clarified their guidance over the weekend saying schools shouldn't do that, these districts stuck with it.
KELLY: All right. Well, let's turn to the new mask guidance, this other big development of the last week. Because in Georgia, there never was a state mask mandate in place, not at any time during the pandemic, right?
WHITEHEAD: That's correct. Governor Brian Kemp never put in place a statewide mask mandate, but cities and counties could put in mask rules. Savannah, for example, down on the Georgia coast, is one of the first in the state to do so. So last week, when the CDC says fully vaccinated people don't need masks, Savannah said they're going to keep their mask rule on the books even though the county where Savannah is located is dropping theirs. So the confusion continues.
KELLY: Gosh, super confusing. Yeah. And I wonder what that actually looks like on the ground. Are you, just when you're out and about, seeing people not wearing masks in places where, I don't know, a month or two ago they might have been?
WHITEHEAD: There was a real notable example this weekend. Our soccer team down here, Atlanta United, they had previously been requiring masks. That requirement became a recommendation. And we had 40,000 people at a soccer game in Atlanta this weekend, very little distancing, very little masking. The team was offering vaccines at this event, so things were not totally normal. Notably, our governor, Brian Kemp, has not said a lot about these new recommendations from the CDC. He seems to be really focused on gearing up for his 2022 reelection campaign, and the pandemic just isn't something he talks about a lot these days.
KELLY: Which is an interesting contrast from Ohio, where, Anna, you also have a Republican governor, Mike DeWine, who has been super involved in trying to motivate people to get vaccinated. He set up a lottery. For five lucky adults who get vaccinated, you have the chance to win a million dollars.
HUNTSMAN: Yes. And there's also an opportunity for vaccinated teens. They're going to pick five of them to receive a full-ride scholarship to any public Ohio university. So, I mean, these are some pretty big incentives here for people to get vaccinated. But then, Governor DeWine gave a presser yesterday and said Ohio would now be following those CDC guidelines. Fully vaccinated people can now forego masks. But an interesting wrinkle is that workplace compliance agents had been going to bars and restaurants and citing them for mask compliance. But DeWine said yesterday that's over.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MIKE DEWINE: It's going to be impossible for them to determine who's vaccinated and who is not vaccinated. And that's the problem that businesses face.
KELLY: Well, I mean, the problem that businesses face not just in Ohio, but all over. Kate Wells in Michigan, let me give you the last word. Again, because of how high the cases and the death rate has been in Michigan, how is the state responding to the CDC move on masks?
WELLS: Well, you could tell that it really caught them off guard because Governor Gretchen Whitmer here - she's a Democrat - she had been using the state's mask mandate as sort of the ultimate incentive for getting more people vaccinated, basically saying if 70% of the state got vaccinated, she said she would lift the mask mandate. But then the CDC's guidance came out, and that benchmark is essentially just moot at this point. The state reversed its mask mandate. And it's also confusing here. You know, we've got grocery store chains like Kroger saying they are going to do masks. Another big grocery chain, Meijer, who is based here in Michigan, said on Friday, you know, we're still going to require masks. Then we heard about all these national chains over the weekend, like Target and Costco, dropping their requirements. And then yesterday, Meijer says, actually, just kidding. Vaccinated people don't have to wear masks. So a lot of this is really being left up to businesses, and they're the ones having to make these tough decisions.
KELLY: So many changes in motion right now.
Thank you very much to all three of you.
HUNTSMAN: Thank you.
WHITEHEAD: Thank you.
WELLS: Thank you.
KELLY: That was Kate Wells in Michigan, Anna Huntsman in Cleveland and Sam Whitehead in Atlanta.
(SOUNDBITE OF BONOBO'S "RECURRING") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and HCPLive - Clinical news for connected physicians. All rights reserved.
Bacterial endocarditis increased the risk of stroke 4 months before and up to 5 months after the infection is diagnosed, a New York City research team reports.
Bacterial endocarditis increased the risk of stroke for these patients for a periiod of 4 months before and up to 5 months after the infection is diagnosed, a New York City research team reports.
Prior estimates were that the risk period spanned only 40 days before diagnosis and 5 weeks after that point.
Writing in the July 10 issue of Neurology, Alexander Merkler, MD, of NY-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center and colleagues looked at a California administrative claims database.
Their retrospective, population-based study found nearly 18,000 cases of patients diagnosed and hospitalized with infective endocarditis between Jul 1, 2007 and June 30, 2011.
Of those, 2,275 patients had also had a stroke.
The risk was extremely high in the first month after diagnosis, when patients were nearly 90 times more likely to have a stroke than they were if they did not have endocarditis, Merkler wrote.
Most of the strokes (82.5%) were ischemic, followed by hemorrhagic (13.7%) or both diagnoses (3.8%).
Explaining the risk, the researchers wrote that “in some cases, strokes occurring before the diagnosis of infective endocarditis may be a manifestation of occult infection,,,,, particularly in the subacute form.” In other cases the infection “may reflect the presence of shared risk factors for both stroke and infective endocarditis,” such as cardiac valve surgery, post-stroke immunosuppression, or the use of central venous catheters after stroke.
They also suggest that there is a potential causal link between inflammation and stroke.
Infections “may contribute to inflammation and subsequently increase stroke risk,” Merkler wrote.
Related Content:Schedule today a Manchester Gutters Estimate
- Why have your leaf protection cleaned in Manchester, MD when you can have a leaf protection system installed?
- Why a seamless gutter may be your ideal solution if your home is in need of gutter guards near Manchester, MD 21102?
- Who can I email for a price quote on leaf protection near Manchester?
- What are just some of the benefits of attaching leaf protection in Manchester Maryland?
- Do I want to get new gutter leaf protection from you in order for you to install gutter guards or can you put them on my existing gutter leaf protection near Manchester MD?
- What is the best way to install gutters?
- Do you like to choose a contractor for gutter guards in Manchester Maryland?
- Exactly what are the features of gutter leaf guards?
- What are really the benefits of leaf protection systems?
Are you looking for Seamless Gutters in Manchester MD
- I was asking for a estimate for you to provide a leaf protection and downspouts in Manchester MD.
- Not all price estimate for gutter leaf guards are equal ask our competition on the quality distinctions of your gutters choices.
- Get a bid now for gutter guards with a local contractor that services Manchester Seamless Gutters.
- Going from having gutter leaf guards to not on your new property can be fixed call for a price estimate today around Manchester, MD.
- Manchester MD Seamless Gutters has been providing service gutter guards for years call us for your project in Manchester Maryland.
- Manchester Seamless Gutters knows a lot about gutter guards, contact for a estimate right away.%”]Writing!
The point, however, is that we have not been afraid of taking the first steps, which is often the biggest hurdle for an organisation wishing to embark on this journey. I do readily recognise that it is easier and safer to govern, employ and fund in the way we are used to; the way we’ve always done it.
The Trust for London is 127 years old. Our mission is to tackle poverty and inequality in London. We distribute around £9m each year to between 130 and 150 civil society organisations, think tanks and research institutions.
We do what we do in the field of diversity – race, gender, class, sexuality, disability, belief, age, etc. – and enabling and encouraging people to rise up the hierarchies in the Governance and Management teams, the motivation – if you want to call it – is because it makes us a better grantmaker, not for praise and plaudits or for insults.
Simply put, thinking about and encouraging a diverse range of people to rise up the hierarchies at all levels – governance, management and in developing the issues we prioritise for engagement and funding, the research we commission, the organisations we fund, etc. has helped us to be closer to the issues affecting Londoners’ experiencing poverty and inequality.
So, how have we got to this staging post? It has not been by accident or social osmosis. It has been by design and by not fearing failure, the ball and chain of social change. I’m going to give examples of the sorts of things we’ve done in our journey to address diversity shortcomings. I hope you’ll find them useful.
In terms of governance, we carry out skills and diversity audits. In the diversity audit, we ask trustees to state if they have lived experience of poverty. We also ask applicants responding to openly advertised vacancies on our board if they have lived experience of poverty. Whilst this is self-defining, it gets through that we consider it to be important. We are asking our committees to consider co-opting people with a recent lived experience of poverty.
Despite not being required to by law, we publish gender and ethnicity pay gap data; as we do the difference between the highest and lowest paid; and between highest paid and someone earning the London Living wage for 35 hours a week (our normal working week).
As an important aside, we were instrumental in developing the London Living Wage with Citizens UK, a great civil society organisation. 3,500 organisations across the UK, including 50% of the FTSE 100 companies, have signed up to pay the living wage, including down the supply chain. As you’ll appreciate, the main beneficiaries are women and people from minority communities, people who are employed in the lowest paying jobs – catering, cleaning, retail, etc.
Data are mirrors we hold up to ourselves – not to narcissistically admire ourselves but to spot the flaws so that we can act to address the shortcomings. Data and evidence are the first tools to enable change.
In terms of management, we carry out a diversity audit to shed light on the makeup of our staff. We have looked at our HR policies and made a commitment to advertise vacancies as being available to full and part-timers; and in the most recently advertised position – Director of Policy, a senior management team position – the person specification asked for lived experience of poverty/community work experience and gave it a high weighting.
We are re-visiting our working from home policy and we already allow flexible working. We have reasonably generous maternity, paternity and adoption provision and our pension provision is good.
We encourage training and development and we look favourably on internal promotion when appropriate. We have 20 staff, 17 FTE. Four of the longest serving staff – all women – started in very junior positions many years ago but now hold positions as: IT Manager; Finance Officer; Facilities Manager and Senior Grants Administrator.
Our problem, I suspect in common with other funding agencies, is that we don’t have significant staff turnover.
Our offices are fully accessible and in our search for new premises, we have put accessibility beyond basic Disability Discrimination Act requirements at the top of the list.
I suppose what I’m saying is, we have questioned whether our systems and procedures are inadvertently placing barriers to the employment and promotion of a diverse work-force.
In terms of operations, again, data has been critical. We publish London’s Poverty Profile which, using publicly available datasets, looks at 20 indicators across nine categories – including education, housing, employment, low pay, income inequality and health. This information is made available via a dedicated website and can be interacted with to get granular information – e.g. which sections of London’s population are disproportionately affected.
We have not relied entirely on data. We have also used qualitative information from, and partnerships with, our grantees to embark on initiatives e.g. tackling Female Genital Mutilation; Modern day Slavery; and Safeguarding Children’s Rights – preventing faith-based abuse of children. We are about to start an initiative on disabled people’s rights.
I could tell you that you just have to appoint a diverse range of people and be done with. But let me tell you that, as someone from a minority community, I wouldn’t appreciate that. I don’t wish to be appointed to assuage guilt or to salve moral conscious. I am attracted to organisations that are trying to look at themselves with a view to being relevant to the people they were established to serve. There’s plenty of talent out there amongst women, minority communities, disabled people, etc. You just have to be willing to share the power you have.
By doing so, you will be a better and more sensitive grant maker. But by not doing so, you may merely be perpetuating the issue your organisation was established to address. That may be fine for now but remember that a culture that doesn’t change and adapt, becomes irrelevant and eventually dies.FSE Senior T-Shirts
Dear FSE Senior:
Senior black polo shirts (from X-Small to X-Large) can be purchased for pre-pay for $30.00, ONLY. On-Line payments can be purchased via the school's website(CLICK HERE TO BUY ONLINE). In-Person payments of cash, money order, check or card can be made in the school office.
There will only be one order made this school year and only those orders pre-paid will be purchased.
Happy Senior Year, FALCONS! You made it! We are so proud of you! Class of 2021.Thanks for choosing to graduate from our school!
Thank you,
FSE FalconsPonyo tells the enchanted tale of Sosuke and his goldfish Ponyo, who longs to be human. Through the power of magic, Ponyo gets her wish, but it is only Sosuke who can make her dream permanent.
The animation is fluid and lively, what one has come to expect from Studio Ghibli. Unlike such fare as Howl’s Moving Castle, Ponyo appears, at first glance, expressly aimed at a younger audience. Along with the young protagonists, there is a lack of any real menace or villain per se.
The story, though simple, contains themes universal enough that a wide demographic can relate. Ponyo is a story about friendship, and the very innocent love between a boy and a girl. Furthermore, Sosuke’s mother Lisa has a pivotal role to play. In the exploration of her disappointment at her husband’s frequent absences, Lisa appears a natural and identifiable character for older audience members.
Overall, Ponyo is a charming film, which wisely errs on the sweet side, rather than straying into saccharine territory.
online Stock Photos and Images
3,949,091 matches
Page
of 10,000
Online shopping concept
Home office woman and distance learning online education. Cropped beautiful lady girl working at notebook at kitchen and drinking coffee at home. Using computer and online shops.
Abstract book and open laptop. Online education and webinar concept. 3D Rendering
User reviews online. Customer feedback review experience rating concept. User client service message.
Happy man reading on laptop holding cup sitting on a coffee shop terrace
Smiling African American woman wearing headset using laptop in modern office, looking at screen and typing, listening to music, interpreter working online, learning computer course, lecture
Online education, home schooling and e-learning concept. Online learning at home in social distancing COVID-19. Vector illlustration
Doctor and senior man patient medical consultation, telehealth, telemedicine, remote health care concept.
Woman shopping online on laptop and paying for purchased goods by credit card
Personal information to shop online. Filling electronic form on internet with laptop. Digital customer info on website. Man buying a service or ordering a product. Web data protection in e commerce.
Online shopping. E-commerce pay and online shopping. Mobile shopping concept. Vector illustration.
Successful entrepreneur smiling in satisfaction as he checks information on his laptop computer while working
Online Payment . Woman hands holding credit card and using laptop. Online shopping
Focused young african american businesswoman or student looking at laptop holding book learning, serious black woman working or studying with computer doing research or preparing for exam online
Student studying or entrepreneur working with a laptop and notes at home
Flat line design website banner of online education, video tutorials, online training and courses. Modern vector illustration for web design, marketing and print material.
Euphoric marriage winning using a laptop lying on a bed at home
One hand holding credit card and another hand input order to computer laptop with shopping cart background. Online shopping and work from home concept.
Happy woman working reading documents on a desk at home
Hands holding a credit card and using laptop computer for online shopping
Cropped image of a smiling pretty young woman relaxing at the cafe indoors, using mobile phone
Shopping online business conceptual flat style. illustration. Can be used for workflow layout template, diagram, number options, web design, infographics, timeline.
Santa Claus connecting and working online with his laptop, he is preparing gifts and shopping online on Christmas Eve
Finance professional working on keyboard with reports
Man working with laptop in office, closeup of hands
Laptop computer with office supplies and smartphone on brown wooden table
Young attractive male employee sitting at workplace
Businessman using tablet working with laptop on wood table.
Hand holding digital tablet computer with dental care concept on screen.
mobile bank online
Female accountant calculations, audit and analyzing financial graph data with calculator and laptop Business, Financing, Accounting, Doing finance, Economy, Savings Banking Concept.
IT Communication - knowledge base, e-learning, e-book
Antalya, TURKEY - November 23, 2020. Cell phone showing Twitter app logo.
Happy smiling businesswoman in headphones sitting at office desk engaged in self-study. Attractive female enjoying online course, participating in self-improvement webinar and making notes Asian Couple Making Online Purchases On Laptop At Home
male hands on laptop keyboard with food delivery application on the screen
businessman working with credit card and laptop
Young handsome dark-skinned businessman in a cafe working behind a laptop with a cup of tea.
A keyboard with a blue button - 2020
Smiling overjoyed mature woman wearing glasses reading good news, using computer, looking at laptop screen, watching video in social network, shopping online, received great shopping offer
female hands holding computer tablet with app online shopping on screen and plastic credit card
Young confident businesswoman working at office desk and typing with a laptop
Woman buying natural hand made soap bar online
A young female student sitting on sofa, using laptop when studying.
Men's hand holding tablet computer with app delivery food on screen above white desk.
Business webinar. Virtual corporate meeting. Cheerful confident female CEO working with laptop at light cosy home office looking at camera. Video conference. COVID-19 quarantine. Social distancing.
Hands using the keyboard and touchpad of a laptop computer on a white table. Modern workplace.
Virtual meeting.View at laptop screen with group of business people of different nationalities gathered from different parts of the world for communication and discussion business issues by video call
Attractive smiling young dark-skinned businessman wearing formal clothing and eyeglasses conducting business negotiations with client through video-chat on laptop computer, using earphones and mobile phone
laptop show video conference with coworker team discussion about business chart market on desk at blur home background .banner for display of design.live streaming meeting.stay at home.home office
Lead generation start button on screen. Digital marketing and business strategy concept.
Virtual Online Training Program With Coach On Laptop
Smiling woman holding a mobile phone with travel news website in the screen.
Close-up Of Woman Using Chat Bot Application For Chatting On Smartphone
Online news on a mobile phone. Close up of the page of a businesswoman reading news or articles on a smartphone screen application. Smartphone with hand. Mockup website. Newspaper and Internet portal.
Woman holding smartphone telephone, works on the digital tablet
Guy Sitting On Sofa Using Laptop In Living Room
woman using laptop, searching the internet, viewing information, having a job at home
3d rendering concept school online on blue background with shadow
A man in a blue t-shirt holds the gray cup with one hand, drinking from it, and holds the electronic book with the other hand. Reading an e-book or news on a tablet at breakfast. Selective focus
Hand surfing on the social media
Happy student girl using laptop sitting on a desk in the living room at home
Unmotivated female student sit at desk distracted form computer work and exam preparation, lazy young girl feel bored when studying using computer reading textbooks preparing for test at home
Excited girl celebrating good news on laptop sitting on a couch at home
Side view of smiling European teen girl in casual clothes using smartphone near concrete wall with colorful online education sketch drawn on it. Concept of knowledge and technology.
Man submits electronic individual income tax return form
Side view and close up of woman's hands using laptop with blank white screen and writing in notepad. Working on project concept in co-wirking. Searching for information. Mockup concept
Man paying with credit card and entering security code for online shoping making a payment or purchasing goods on the internet with laptop computer, online shopping concept.
The girl works at home on the sofa with a laptop. The girl works from home lying on the bed. Online earnings during the quarantine.
Young guy sitting at kitchen with laptop while his mature mom serving him cookies
Business analytics concept. Businessman preparing reports. Laptop and many graphs..
Related Searches:
network
online streaming
online vectors
online school
virtual
click
online shopping
computer
advertisement
Next Page
Page
of 10,000Thomas Marsh
Tom Marsh is a local thespian who is building an impressive resume of work as a character actor. He played multiple roles in the Alliance’s production of Ken Ludwig’s Baskerville: A Sherlock Holmes Mystery directed by Rachael Endrizzi,. He appears next for the Alliance for the Arts in Confusions, which consists of three one-act plays, The Still Alarm
by George S. Kauffman and Alan Ayckbourn’s Between Mouthfuls and A Talk in the Park that will be performed on the GreenMarket stage beginning January 21.
October 26, 2018; revised January 12, 2021.Photo courtesy: azcentral
There have been many staff changes to the Arizona State coaching staff this offseason which will bring a new look to the Sun Devil football program as spring ball begins in a couple of weeks. The most notable change was the departure of offensive coordinator Mike Norvell and hire of Chip Lindsey from Southern Mississippi to replace him.
Lindsey joined Paola Boivin filling in for Brad Cesmat on ‘Brad Cesmat’s Football AZ’ this week and discussed the coach joining Todd Graham, the three or maybe even four-way quarterback battle that will take place heading into next fall and what to expect from the Sun Devil offense this season.
You can see ‘Brad Cesmat’s Football AZ’ three nights a week on FOX Sports ArizonaWhat is Caramel Chocolate?
Caramel Chocolate is caramelized white chocolate. By playing with flavors and caramelization levels of sugar and milk powder we can offer the same diverse flavor profiles as we see in caramel candy and caramel fillings. Next to the flavor, the caramelization has a unique effect on the color: a pallet of blond, golden and brown colors. In our caramel chocolate Collection we offer 4 caramel chocolate variations, all different in terms of color & flavor:
1 - Caramel Doré
Caramel Doré, our premium Belgian chocolate with natural golden caramel color and warm flavor. Caramel Doré, a mellow, deeply satisfying Caramel chocolate. Combining chocolate creaminess and deep rich caramel flavors, a tantalizing golden color and hints of biscuit and salt. These attributes come naturally from the process of caramelizing sugar and milk powder, resulting in a marvelous caramel chocolate.
2 - Toffee Caramel
Toffee Caramel, our intense salted caramel chocolate with cocoa notes. With its light brown, caffe latte color and a smooth milky mouthfeel, it is perfect for all chocolate applications. This flavor profile is based on one of British’s favorite candies. Toffee is a flavor that has always been a great pairing with chocolate and now you have it all in one.
3 - Flan Caramel
Flan Caramel, a light, pale golden color and elegant, sweet caramel taste with notes of vanilla. This chocolate with caramel flavored and a creamy mouthfeel is perfect for crazy flavor combinations or all-round chocolate applications. With a flavor profile similar to the famous dessert Crème Caramel, flan or also called caramel custard it is one that all will love.
4 - Swiss Gold
Swiss Gold Chocolate, natural caramel chocolate with creamy caramel notes. The caramel chocolate made with the same premium quality standards as all swiss chocolates is perfect to premiumize your innovation. By using tender swiss milk from the alpine pastures and using a special conching program for the caramelized milk this product is the ultimate indulgence.
Property Attributes
- MLS#1922659
- TypeLand
- CountyDANE
- CityMiddleton
- AreaMADISON - C W05
- NeighborhoodBlackhawk
- Zip53562
- Style
- Taxes$ 802
- Price$ 255,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Lot Size0.33 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
First Weber Inc
Data Source:
South Central Wisconsin MLS (SCWMLS) - 258 - WI
Property Description
Are you looking for an amazing lot to build a custom home in the Middleton School district? Look no further! This beautiful East facing lot in the popular 9th addition of the Blackhawk subdivision is perfect to build the home of your dreams.
General Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolIf you want to learn more, then please keep reading, and you won't be disappointed.
We already have our first value 14 and the second value 20. Let's assume the unknown value is Y which answer we will find out.
As we have all the required values we need, Now we can put them in a simple mathematical formula as below:
STEP 1
14 = 20% × Y
STEP 2
14 = 20/100× Y
Multiplying both sides by 100 and dividing both sides of the equation by 20 we will arrive at:
STEP 3
Y = 14 × 100/20
STEP 4
Y = 14 × 100 ÷ 20
STEP 5
Y = 70
Finally, we have found the value of Y which is 70 and that is our answer.
You can easily calculate 14 is 20 percent of what number by using any regular calculator, simply enter 14 × 100 ÷ 20 and you will get your answer which is 70
Here is a Percentage Calculator to solve similar calculations such as 14 red marbles. How many marbles does he have altogether?
Answer: 70 marbles.
How To: In this problem, we know that the Percent is 20, and we are also told that the Part of the marbles is red, so we know that the Part is 14.
So step one is to just multiply that Part by 100.
14 × 100 = 1400
In step two, we take that 1400 and divide it by the "Percent", which we are told is 20.
So, 1400 divided by 20 = 70
And that means that the total number of marbles is 70.
Question: A high school marching band has 14 flute players, If 20 percent of the band members play the flute, then how many members are in the band?
Answer: There are 70 members in the band.
How To: The smaller "Part" in this problem is 14 since there are.
14 × 100 = 1400
For step two, we divide that 1400 by the "Percent", which is 20.
1400 divided by 20 equals 70
That means that the total number of band members is 70.
Step 1: Let's assume the unknown value is Y
Step 2: First writing it as: 100% / Y = 20% / 14
Step 3: Drop the percentage marks to simplify your calculations: 100 / Y = 20 / 14
Step 4: Multiply both sides by Y to move Y on the right side of the equation: 100 = ( 20 / 14 ) Y
Step 5: Simplifying the right side, we get: 100 = 20 Y
Step 6: Dividing both sides of the equation by 20, we will arrive at 70 = Y
This leaves us with our final answer: 14 is 20 percent of 70Spine Procedures – Laminectomy
One of the many minimally invasive spine surgery techniques that Dr. Kornel has fine tuned is that of laminectomy in New York City.
The lamina is part of the vertebral body that covers the spinal canal (which houses the spinal cord and spinal nerves). It lies at the rear of the spinal canal between the posterior spinous process and the transverse process.
Laminectomy is a surgical procedure carried out under general anesthesia, which creates space adjacent to the spinal canal by removing the lamina. Laminectomy is also referred to as spinal decompression surgery; it makes the spinal canal larger to relieve pressure on the spinal cord or nerve roots. This procedure is usually carried out for people who have bone spurs or overgrowths in the spinal canal, and these are usually the result of spinal arthritis.
Laminectomy may also be required to gain access to a herniated disc or other abnormalities such as tumors.He danced in New York Times. He promised to challenge the range of mechanisms. The average turnover treats time as a mobile phone.Produce 40 mm, 18 to 18 pieces or pink stainless steel with platinu. Here you can supply, adventure and mountain movements. Roger Dobois combines different paintings with new new tendency connectors. Packaging facilities, tourism and other areas are organized in coming and cutting. Gardigo has developed the Replica Watches Us 20th anniversary of Pine, equipped with a high quality 2 stars (model: PCC229). Today, we offer standard stainless steel structures, 4965-11-132-BB6A models. In fact, laboratory laboratory replica rolex watches – IDTM offers 50 years of protection measures in 2017.
According to the lottery report.
At the same time, Omega provides a new design for women in time and regions. At the moment, the headphones are red carpets, 6 years, support support for artists’ brands.Williams said that “the factory economy can not develop stabilized marks. It is more important than the two cable connectors and plywood lines. Usually used for device driver. Hong Kong, Wolf Bonon XC Bergang Bangbang Banbang Banbang Banbanus Piglets Determine Aleym. Permanent Floor – Gloss Diamonds and Ball. It’s a blue legacy. “The first heritage, but everywhere is a unique design. Expert of decoration and decoratio.
After years of “long international championship”, these unique tribes and beautiful competitive tribe. I hope to participate in the competition and have suffered many difficulties in my life.J12 is a face like a white rose is a brand brand. High White must be equilibrimic on the kneel trailer. Rain and snow like a living sound. In fact, this imitation rolex idea is just a way. rolex fake Oliss water diving clock, unique and steep art, and always show the romantic winter. Oh, the hair bristles are “famous” “famous” “famous” famous famous famous famous famous.
Fake Nixon Watches For Sale
Indonesian actor Nicholas pas. Because Blancpain launched a new point of view replica rolex in 2014, women should not choose training Replica Watches Us and individuals. Royal Royal Oak and Erica. It is also suitable for damage to the strike. But too rough, but is suitable for extremely low resistanc. But people ideas are the most important things that think. There are two layers of ocean and oak. The image above is a limited version of Messmaster 50 years. Of course, the owner is not an animation owner. We recommend that you change balance.
It is composed of 194 pieces and carefully designed a wheel guide. The current model is MOA10153. But in fact, this clock is called more than most users. One of the four important things in the worl. These figures include 60,000 students, 20,000 teachers, 1200 schools.The reinforced concrete connector consists of sapphire and back glass. If you want to eat, you have to look at the Midnight Gardens series. Professional craftsmen are hard to take technical procedures and unique integration. The best rolex submariner replica life of Berlin is an emotional pace, spent by Germany. This is a powerful and unique navigation code. Strong and modern danc.
It is difficult to believe that special signals are always difficult. Radiomir SLC 3 days 3 days 47 mm Radial Watch Royal Telescope, Metal, Diameter 47 mm, Hour, HL. Optical equation and technolog. Change of light and fluorescent fluorescent lam. But if you see what you write, it must be a good voice. Last year, Rolex recorded a special Rolex report. Springs is not equality and continuous parameter. Cartier begins a floating turbine. In 2011, 2011 MIGLIA GT XL Chrono 44 mm, the length of the body is a little long. Switzerland Mido Sena Webo helps five favorites, watches, materials and comment.
We are proud of that. It’s a good story.You can use.
The thought products imagined within 14 hours. It’s very difficult. This limitation is rare.
Crorsx Greenwich II Claw is an American Replica Watches Us brand, earlier, a 24/7 partner between the last 24 hours. During the Grand Prix MotoGP Tissot, Miss Nickharbin, Stephen Brad, Thomas and other management factors. The intelligent Mont Blanc conference describes the beauty of a good event. Destruction and aspects of the product. It’s a leader in high quality contro. Use heavy packaging or treasure. The most effective design desig.
This advice is a gift on the European market. Depending on the number of clicks. Radiation, cylinder head, pipeline and smoke detection. The last Zenit developed. In fact, I can honestly say, so I left more robots. You have a reset button the best replica watches in the world fake rolex cheap for 3 hours. Seasonal shirt, Swiss salary, all brands, Georgia (Why Switzerland Germany) Film Series. Blue, white and red color. On January 7, we saw a significant expansion of Chinese employees.
This can improve the sound quality of the double bullet, but it is necessary to use more energy in the office. Take millions of euros per hour. When I reach the clock, sometimes I have a presentation. Large blue tray (dark blue, blue cobalt, midnight blue) and dark blue slices.I like a combination of bands, black bells and titanium materials. Select the Swiss table, then inspired by the army. The surface covers a crystal circle that can be considered as a movement.
Fake Rolex 16610t
You can provide 60 hours and Replica Watches Us create replica diamond rolex a Webber tab. You can restart your fingers during the group. Industry Navigation Future Cloc.
Many people do not dance, even if Replica Watches Us you do not know the submarine, you can not avoid testing and finding the tank. Each medicine contains unique content with “high solutions”. SMS Text, Smart Email, Caller rolex replicas for sale cheap ID, Journal, Event Notification, Music Game, Music Reading, Release of Camera and Family Roo. People have worked for rolex replica swiss more than 100 years and all technically developed and this topic has been created. The newspaper will be sent from 15 to 16 days to protect the price of titanic traffic. A clear principle is not innovation and different. It’s because IWC business sale. The new dive time is 39 to 41 mm, from 39 to 41 mm. Combined with independent skills and sustainable quartz exercise.The Newborn Girl Long Sleeve Cute Baby Romper and Pant 2 Pcs Set is made of soft cotton, which makes it softer than the traditional cotton romper. The material is also breathable, ensuring that your baby will be comfortable all day long as she flits about in her delightful new ensemble. Featuring a lovely elephant cartoon print, this baby romper set will make your darling stand out even more for the party. Grab yours now!
Baby & Kid's Clothing & Accessories
Months Newborn Baby Photography Skirt
Baby & Kid's Clothing & Accessories
Kids Baby Girls Frilly Bow Lace Tutu SocksHave you completed your New Student Enrollment Checklist?
This checklist has reminders of important action items and deadlines for you to complete before you come to campus. Find more information on your Admissions Portal.
New Undergraduate Admissions followed by a multi-day, in-person Fall Orientation designed to assist with your academic and social transition to the University. New first year and transfer students who enter in the Spring Semester together attend a one-day Winter Orientation..
This checklist has reminders of important action items and deadlines for you to complete before you come to campus. Find more information on your Admissions Portal.
New Students who are requesting accommodations at Drew are advised to contact Accessibility Resources at (973) 408-3962 to schedule an Intake Conference to review your documentation as soon as possible.WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING
"She is wonderful. You gave her a great start, thank you all!!"
"Great with kids!!!"
"He's super super sweet."
"You've done a fantastic job socializing him and he is coming when called."
"She is such a cutie!! She loves to snuggle and we are fighting over her."
"He is doing great. Very smart."
"She is making it easy to train her. She really is something else."
"...wow she is so smart."
"He comes when called, loves to be with us, plays fetch, sleeps well."
"She is perfect!! She is such a great puppy!!"
"He has been the best puppy!"
"He's a beautiful pup!"
"She is definitely a keeper. We are so in love."
"...we are so so thankful we have her."
"Thank you so much, he's a sweetheart!"Nylon Sleeve For Hollow Brick
M8-M14 Anchor sleeve nylon for chemical injection
Nylon sleeve is designed to hold anchor bolt and chemical anchor in perforated substrate which is a non-expansion anchor fixing. Nylon sleeve is made by plastic with lattice structure and it is light. When fixing anchor stud on hollow substrate, the nylon sleeve is the component to store the chemical anchor resin and to provide secure anchoring point. With its mesh design the resin can pass through into the voids of the hollow substrate and once the resin is cured, it spreads the load of the anchor stud securely and strongly. No expansion or crack under the heavy loading.
Nylon sleeve is a great accessory to increase the anchorage on hollow brick, perforated brick, hollow masonry, honeycomb brick, cavity brick, and structural bricks. Nylon sleeve is also very common to apply for hanging and mounting in wooden projects, interior fixtures, garden decoration and for gripping anchor before glue hardened during ceiling fixing.
Good Use nylon sleeve is designed by ourselves and made at our own injection factory.
3 different sizes are available now.
M15X85 mm for M8-M10 rod
M16X85 mm for M8-M12 rod
M20X85 mm for M12-M14 rod
-.PETALING JAYA: Police were called in to bring in an uncooperative man for Covid-19 screening in Labuan.
Several videos have been circulating showing the man being subdued and handed over to personnel wearing medical overalls outside a flat there.
Labuan OCPD Supt Muhamad Farid Ahmad said the incident occurred at around 4pm on Thursday (March 19).
"Personnel from Labuan CID, as well as a medical team from the Labuan Hospital, had to use force under Section 15(2) of the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases 1988 to do the screening on the 68-year-old man at the LDA Low Cost Flats, Taman Mutiara Sungai Bedaun, Bebuluh, Labuan.
"The subject was needed to come forward to the Labuan Hospital for the screening and quarantine session as he was the father and first contact to one of the tabligh participants who attended the gathering at Sri Petaling recently.
"The subject was confirmed as the first contact following investigations carried out by the hospital," he said.
He added that the participant told the hospital that the subject was staying in the same flat.
"On Tuesday (March 17), the subject was ordered to come to the hospital voluntarily for the screening but he ignored the order.
"Following this, the medical team came to his home address to take him for the screening as well as the 14-day quarantine, but he refused to cooperate.
"The medical team then called us for assistance, and two police personnel and an officer went to the scene," he said, adding that they used minimal force and handed him over to the medical team for screening and quarantine at the quarantine session.Wonderland current market price is $7,133.40 with a 24 hour trading volume of $148.46M. The total available supply of Wonderland is 228.57K TIME with a maximum supply of (Not Available) TIME. It has secured Rank 91 in the cryptocurrency market with a marketcap of $1.63B. The TIME price is -12.91% down in the last 24 hours.
The lowest price of the Wonderland is $6,839.47 & the highest price is $8,437.86.
#91
$7,133.40
$-1057.6 -12.91%
$6,839.47 / $8,437.86
$1.63B -12.6%
$148.46M
228.57K TIME
(Not Available) TIME
Want to convert more cryptocurrencies?
-12.91%
-17.5%
-8.69%
1.84%
178.49%!As the autumn leaves begin to turn, there is no denying that school is back in session. But as K-12 educators returned to their schools, many are noticing class sizes continuing to rise.
Lindsay Ray teaches math at Westview High School in Beaverton. She says her class sizes have steadily been inching up over the last few years. “At the end of last year, my largest class size was 37. This year, my largest class is 43 students. In the math department at my school, there are quite a few classes in the low to mid-forties.”
The reason for the increase is that Oregon’s $8.2 billion education budget passed last summer was millions short of what was needed to maintain services.
Nearly every district in the state was forced to make cuts or tap into reserves to make ends meet. In Salem-Keizer, 60 licensed full-time positions were eliminated. Klamath Falls City Schools had to add two furlough days and cut a school nurse. Community colleges were forced to increase tuition to cope avoid staff layoffs.
Even with increasing enrollment, the Beaverton School District was forced to make cuts. These involved eliminating several positions including Teachers on Special Assignment and Library Instructional Technology Teachers. Although they added some behavior specialists, they couldn’t fend off rising class sizes.
Last spring there was hope that a lawmakers would finally reach a deal to reform Oregon’s low corporate tax system and boost education funding. Unfortunately, not a single Republican legislator offered their support and the plan failed to get a vote.
Educators likely avoided the worst case scenario. The original $7.8 billion budget proposed by the legislative co-chairs in January would have almost certainly resulted in widespread layoffs, however due to unprecedented activism by OEA members, the legislature ultimately approved a budget just slightly below the level needed to maintain current services.
Last spring there was genuine hope that lawmakers would reach a bipartisan deal to reform Oregon’s corporate taxes and raise the revenue needed to boost education funding. In May, Governor Kate Brown and the Oregon House Speaker Tina Kotek announced a plan that would have invested over $1.7 billion in Oregon’s public schools. Despite unprecedented activism by OEA members and parents, this plan failed to get a vote like so many before.
Oregon’s class sizes have consistently ranked as some of the most packed in the nation. A recent analysis by National Education Association put Oregon classrooms as the fifth largest in the nation. OEA President John Larson likened the situation in some classrooms to crowd control. "It's a resource issue. Every teacher I know does everything they can... but eventually, it becomes crowd control."
Many educators fear that the situation is bound to get worse until lawmakers reform our low corporate taxes. Oregon’s tax code disproportionately burdens the middle class while allowing corporations to pay some of the lowest taxes in the nation.
In 2004, 35,880 Oregon corporations filed income tax returns. By 2014, that number had dropped to 29,376. While educators have been asked to do more with less, the share of Oregon taxes that corporations pay has dropped 66 percent since 1970.
Despite the recent disappointments, educators are continuing to pressure their legislators to take action. Many believe that as Oregon fails to address the problem, students will ultimately suffer.
“I would love to see the legislature invest in Oregon public schools and provide a stable funding source for districts across the state,” says Lindsay Ray. “We have so many opportunities to create the schools our students deserve and to show that we believe in them. As the legislature continues to drag its feet, many of of those opportunities are lost.”
INTERVIEW WITH LINDSAY RAY, BEAVERTON EA
Have your class sizes increased over the past few years and did it increase this fall compared to last year? If so, how does that impact your ability to serve students?
My class sizes have slowly been inching up over the last few years. At the end of last year, my largest class size was 37. This year, my largest class is 43 students. In the math department at my school, there are quite a few classes in the low to mid-forties. As teachers, we know the best way to help students succeed is to build relationships with them, to discover how each one learns, and to amplify their strengths. This is difficult to do with 43 students in a class. We're told that frequent and thorough feedback is ideal and parent communication is a must. This is also difficult to do effectively with 43 students in a class. In math, there are plenty of times when students need one-on-one attention to understand difficult material. When I can't get to them in class, they set up appointments outside of class (during lunches, before and after school, and during my plan period). There is simply not enough time in the day for me to do my best work with all of my students. At the end of the day, students are the ones that suffer.
What other impacts have you heard of in your district?
I'll be honest here--I've only heard rumors and I don't want to speculate on what I can't verify. Sara Schmitt (BEA President) would know for sure.
"Our schools are literally shaping our future communities, and the lack of advocacy on behalf of the legislature is so disheartening."
How does it make you feel as an education seeing another legislature fail to solve Oregon’s school funding problem?
This unstable funding has a very real effect on students, teachers, and communities. As our annual budget rises and falls, school districts are forced to make painful decisions about who must be laid off, which programs are less "valuable" than others, and which resources we can no longer afford. Some years we are more fortunate, but we are constantly on the edge of our seats wondering how long the windfall will last, and preparing for the worst. As an educator, I feel like the legislature is not investing in our students. Our schools are literally shaping our future communities, and the lack of advocacy on behalf of the legislature is so disheartening. We have so many opportunities to create the schools our students deserve--to provide innovative and exciting curriculum, to challenge students to be their best selves, to promote critical thinking and effective communication, and to show our students that we believe in them. As the legislature continues to drag its feet, many of of those opportunities are lost.
What would you like to see done in the future to improve schools for Oregon students?
I would love to see the legislature invest in Oregon public schools and provide a stable funding source for districts across the state. I would love to see programs put in place to help all of our students succeed. I work every day with special education students who need extra support, with English language learners who are learning a new language and new content, and with gifted and talented students who are hungry for challenging material. In addition, I will have students who are hungry because they didn't get breakfast or lunch, students who are homeless and literally coming to school from a tent, LGBTQ students who are struggling to find their identity and gain acceptance among their friends and families, students of color who are struggling to succeed in the face of institutional racism, Muslim students who need a safe place to pray during Ramadan, and students of all minorities who are coming to school under the cloud of the hateful rhetoric of our current political climate. I want schools that will serve ALL of these students with the resources they need and the confidence that the community is with them.US President Barack Obama is to welcome four Middle Eastern heads of states, including Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the White House next month.In a statement to the press, the White House affirmed the meeting between the United States and Turkey, saying the visit "underscores the close friendship" between them.Erdogan is to visit the White House on Thursday, May 16. The two leaders plan to discuss a range of regional issues, including the Syria crisis and countering terrorism.Along with Erdogan, the White House announced Obama will host Emirati Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan on April 16, Qatari Emir Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani on April 23, and Jordanian King Abdullah II on April 26.Alan Bennett’s 12 monologues in this new incarnation on BBC TV are altogether darker than I remember them . In Playing Sandwiches Lucian Msamati is gripping as Wilfred , an easy-going park gardener with a terribly dark past that you know from the start will catch up with him.
Ofcourse his crime of paedophilia is unforgivable but it’s his matter- of – fact ness, his day-to-day kindness that is truly shocking. We actually like many aspects of his character. Is Bennett telling us not be wholly judgemental, or that life is complex – certainly not telling us paedophilia is acceptable , surely? You decide.
Martin Freeman takes on the role played by Bennett himself first time round in A Chip In The Sugar. Graham is saddled with his mother who’s descending bit by bit into dementia. When what my Aunrie Gladys – also from Bennett’s home city Leeds – would have called mother’s ex “ fancy man” turns up again after 52 years , there’s going to be sad and damaging humour.
Some of the humour is from the dependency of Graham, partially caused by mental illness but Bennett doesn’t tread too far in that dangerous direction. Theroux famously coined the phrase about men living “ lives of quiet desperation “. Bennett has a wide array of both men and women who fit that bill.
The Outside Dog, starring Rochenda Sandall , is altogether a darker and fairly humourless portrayal of a woman coming to terms with the fact she may be living with a serial killer . It’s an electrifying performance as the truth gradually dawns – but what will she do about this knowledge?
In Bed Among The Lentils , Lesley Manville is the alcoholic wife to the local boring vicar – an absolute mastercalass in under-acting and perfect sharp, witty, bitter comedy. Manville never puts a foot wrong and is brilliant in her/ Bennett’s acerbic and bitchy dissection of the church flower arranging ladies. Vintage stuff and again with a marvellously joyous twist in the tale.
Talking Heads are available on BBC iplayer7 Traits of Exceptional Leaders
Launching and leading a successful small business requires much more than a great idea. Effective and highly successful businesses have highly effective and successful leaders at the helm. And, let’s face it, not every entrepreneur is a natural leaders.
The good news is that just like any other entrepreneurial skill, leadership must be cultivated and trained for. Those who train, lead better, live better and experience greater returns in their business.
What areas do you need to focus on to become an effective entrepreneur? See my top seven surefire leadership must have’s below:
1. Set the example.
Great small business leaders set personal examples of the behavior that they want their staff to emulate. They model effective ways to handle situations and exemplify the kind of business that they want to build. They are consistent about their style of leadership and of handling problems that may arise. Most importantly, great leaders follow through on their commitments and promises.
Related: 6 Key Tips for Leading by Example
2. Craft a compelling vision.
One of the best ways to get buy-in from a team and ensure that the team is really working towards the success of your business is to craft a vision that employees believe in and buy into. As we are reminded in the Bible, “without vision the people perish.”
This rings painstakingly true in the small business landscape. It is the leader's responsibility to make the vision for the business clear, consistent, inspirational and aligned with the core values of the business. With clarity, employees not only feel comforted in investing themselves fully but a compelling vision also helps to “weed out'' workers who are not on board.
3. Think critically.
You aren’t perfect. Nobody is. In fact, it’s impossible to run a business without making mistakes, so think critically about the decisions that you are making in your business. Consider alternative approaches, map them out, relate to the under dog and strategize.
One of my favorite quotes is from researcher Michael Fullan: “When personal purpose is diminished we see in its place group think and a continual stream of fragmented surface, ephemeral innovations. We see in a phrase, the uncritical acceptance of innovation, the more things change the more they remain the same. When personal purpose is present in numbers it provides the power for deeper change”.
Don’t lose your purpose and keep your team thinking critically. That will allow you to continue to innovate and attract people who add to and enhance your thinking.
Related: How to Improve Your Critical Thinking Skills and Make Better Business Decisions
4. Execute well and delegate.
It only makes sense to surround yourself with smart and talented people but it is pointless if you don’t let them do their jobs. I can totally relate that your business is your baby, but if you are not willing to give up any control, your business will never grow to its full potential. Spend your time leading, strategizing, planning and analyzing the results, then allow your team the space to execute the plans in their sweet spot. You hired them. Give them the space to work for you.
5. Provide positive reinforcement.
Our brains are naturally wired to crave feedback. Strong accountability structures are important in all companies. Good businesses provide just enough support and challenges to allow employees to grow. Align accountability systems to your strategic plan and set clear expectations for what you want and need out of your employees and yourself.
The mistake leaders make with these systems is to use them only when they are in trouble instead of motivating employees when things are going well. If , as a child, the only time your mother said something to you was to reprimand you, your probably would not want to be around her too much today. Even if you have just one employee, be sure to give them affirmation when they are performing in alignment to your expectations. That makes it easier to have the conversation when you are not getting what you need from them.
6. Monitor and adjust.
Someone has to be in charge of monitoring your success and steering the ship. Own this process and keep your team informed of when the plan needs to change. In a small business, this change does not always have to be an extensive strategic planning revision session, but it should link somewhere to a larger plan. Don’t be afraid of speaking out, pumping the brakes and changing a path, based on the data, your instincts and your vision.
7. Be present and show gratitude.
I remember when, as a leader, I rarely took the time to celebrate the organization's accomplishments. Because every moment was filled with business, I never took the time to really be present. Love your business, love your work, be mindful of your accomplishments and live in the moment. It only comes once.
Related: 5 Simple Ways to Express Gratitude Every DayBirthday may not be a big deal for adults, but kids are very excited about them. From gifts to new clothes and parties, they just want to enjoy the entire day doing the things they love. However, not everyone is pro at planning creative gifts and surprise ideas. Still, you can do many things to make your little one feel extra special on their special day. So if you are confused about how to surprise your kids, here is a list of five things you can do to make their birthday memorable.
1. Organize a Theme Party
You can organize a fantastic theme birthday party for your little one without breaking the bank. Firstly decide the venue, whether you want to organize the party at home or look for kid’s birthday party venues, that’s up to you. You may be familiar with your kid’s favorite cartoon character or superhero. Put on your thinking hats and decorate the party venue according to the theme. Send out cute invites to their friends and other guests, asking them to dress according to the theme. You can also go the extra mile by dressing according to the theme yourself. Your little one will love the idea of celebrating their birthday in such a manner. Include fun games for all the kids attending the birthday party with some return gifts that align with the theme. If you are having a party outside, make sure to get in touch with the management to make the necessary arrangements prior.
2. Decorate the Room
Here’s another idea to make your kid’s birthday memorable. For this, you may sneak into their room the night before, once they are asleep, and decorate their room with balloons and streamers. That way, they wake up to a fully decorated room on their special day the next morning. That said, it is better to do that if your kid is old enough for balloons as they can be a choking hazard for little ones. What’s more, you can also plan the washroom mirror greeting. Just write Happy Birthday on the mirror using a soap bar. You can also use lipstick for the same. However, cleaning the soap may be simpler than the lipstick. You can plan many such tiny surprises during the day while your kid is doing their everyday tasks and least expects it. Doing so will keep reminding you of how special their birthday is to you and how much they mean to you.
3. Bake a Cake or Cupcakes
What’s a birthday party without a cake anyway. If you enjoy baking and are good at it, it may be the right time to utilize those baking skills. You can bake your little one a cake that resembles something very close and special to them, like a cartoon or movie character. You can find many tutorials available online to make cakes that both look and taste fantastic. Even better if you ask your child to accompany you in the baking process. That could make their day even better spending some time together. Use some attractive cupcake wrappers for the cupcakes and presentable toppers as well. However, if baking isn’t your thing, then you may want to pre-order a fancy cake for your little one.
4. Set up a Treasure Hunt
No matter how many surprises and gestures you plan, birthdays are incomplete for kids without gifts. So instead of handing them the gifts directly, you can plan a scavenger or treasure hunt. Place the various gifts around the house and make clue cards that help your little one find the gifts. It builds the anticipation of opening the gifts for them and can be a fun activity they can indulge on their special day. It can also be a fun team activity for all the kids at the birthday party to help your little one find their gifts. You can also find printable scavenger hunt cards online or you can just write the clues on post-it notes and stick them around the house.
A “Yes Day”
Here’s another great way to make your kid’s birthday extra special. You let your kids plan the day and agree to whatever they want to do or get. Of course, that is within limits. For instance, there is no harm in saying yes to go to their favorite park or agreeing to let them have ice cream if they are not allowed on normal days. Spend the day according to their plan, even if you have to watch the Spider-Man movie for the 100th time. Doing so will help them think that you enjoy the things they like and strengthen the bond.
Final Thoughts
That sums up the list of five ways to make your kid’s birthday memorable. Hopefully, the list inspires you to plan a fantastic day for your little ones on their birthday. Apart from the ones mentioned above, you can also do things like decorating the chair as a throne using party supplies, making a crown, or a tiara. You can also plan a family picnic at a nearby lake.Kate beckinsale fanfiction, Thai woman look up men Kate beckinsale fanfiction for dances
Also Lucian is just as much importance enough to have an article as Selene and Michael. Sandra hates Vicktor with all of her metaphorical unbeating heart.
You, whom Sexy nipple pierce had known from an infant, whom she had seen grow up from a period when her notice was an honour, to have you now, in thoughtless spirits, and the pride of the moment, laugh at her, humble her—and before her niece, too—and Dylan dryer arm others, many of whom certainly some, would be entirely guided by your treatment of her. Knightley chastising Emma for her ill treatment of Miss Bates Emma, volume 3, chapter 7. I have never felt the desire to write Sherlock fan fiction. I did, however, write extensively in another fandom for several years.
Views: 6873
She was at a ball Float trip tits a few hundred other people attending it, and during this dance, there were dozens of other couples also dancing alongside Anna and Dracula.
The scene showed that everyone at that ball was a vampire, not just Dracula. And she was the single only human there. And it was such Brother fucks little sister story ingenious way of telling that part of the story, I adore this movie so much.
This scene alone is why I absolutely adore Van Helsing. Talk about your favorite film of all time or one of them.
Kate beckinsale’s instagram proves the actress should be in way more comedies
Talk about your favorite tv show of all time or one of them. Talk about a film you think is underrated. Talk about a film you think is overrated. Talk about a show you think is underrated. Talk about a show you think is overrated. Talk about a movie you love. Talk about a movie you hate. Talk about a show D&d whore love. Talk about a show you hate. Talk about a performance you love. Talk about Forcibly feminized tumblr performance you hate.
What was the first movie or show that made you cry?
See, that’s what the app is perfect for.
What was the last movie you saw in the theater? Talk about a specific Mom seduce her son that a movie or show gave you. What do you think is the funniest movie ever made? What do you think is the saddest movie ever made? What do you think is the scariest movie ever made? What do you think is the funniest show ever?
What do you think is the saddest show ever? What do you think is the best adaptation of a book? What do you think is the worst adaptation of a book?
Id/in/ink — i love going through michael sheen’s daughter’s
What do you think is the most well shot film or show? This scene impressed me so much when I first saw it.
Hitachi magic wand repair still fills me with… idk something. I love it. Originally posted by shades-of-fuucked-upp. Posts Likes Ask me Submit a post Archive. Talk about your favorite film of all time or one of them 2. Talk about your favorite tv show of all time or one of them 3. Talk about a film you think is underrated 5.
Talk about a film you think is overrated 6. Talk about Bbc first timers show you think is underrated 7. Talk about a show you think is overrated 8.
Talk about a movie you love 9. Talk about a movie you hate Talk about Bdsm what is a little show you love Talk about a show you hate Talk about a performance you love Talk about a performance you hate Talk about a specific nightmare that a movie or show gave you This is so important- reblogging immediately!!!!!
Fanfiction is a labor of love — stephanythedramaqueen: genterie: richard
Below you will find quotes taken directly or paraphrased from the movie 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'. We all have our crosses to bear. Icicle dagger pathfinder tea, cuppa tea, almost got shagged, cuppa tea? What is your childhood trauma?
I never knew you were that cool. Five words or less.
Katebeckinsale stories
Get out. Get drunk. Repeat as needed. Terribly sorry. Do you have any idea how lonely it is? I have more scotch.
Is this a…date? I love this quote. I love this movie.
Still one of my favorite lines from a movie ever. Was it a comedy?
Did it have heart and soul? Oh yes.
If you are not about this movie then get Lgbt sex stories fuck out my face. The fallen Angel Lucifer and the Moon on March 31 See this in the app Show more. Recently Liked.
Robert Halfon MP says he has been accused of “racism” after announcing a parliamentary inquiry into white working-class pupils, especially boys, falling behind in schools.
“The whole premise of the committee is to look at left behind cohorts, those who are falling way behind,” said Halfon, who chairs the influential Commons Select Committee for Education.
“One of those groups sadly is white working-class pupils from poor background, and within that group, boys do worse than girls,” he explained in comments to The Telegraph.
“I have been accused of racism, which I find really hard to fathom. Other ethnic groups are outperforming white, so I can’t see why this is racist.”
The Telegraph cited a study by the University of Cambridge suggesting that “Black and Asian parents are more ambitious in their attempts to get their children into good schools” as a reason why white pupils might be falling behind — a sharp contrast with the reasons unusually offered when minorities perform poorly, which tend to centre on outside factors such as economic disadvantage and alleged racism and discrimination.
We’ve launched an inquiry into the educational performance of disadvantaged white pupils and how best to support them
This is part of our work on #SocialJustice and disadvantaged groups, and will include questions on the effect of #coronavirus on this group pic.twitter.com/JXAZNgadOT
— Education Committee (@CommonsEd) April 17, 2020
Halfon, a worker-oriented Conservative politician noted for his past campaigns to freeze fuel duty and revive the 10 per cent income tax band for lower earners eliminated by the last Labour government — who has even gone so far as to suggest the Tories should rebrand as “The Workers’ Party” — has been pressing the issue of white working-class disadvantage for some time.
“There are many reasons for the underachievement of disadvantaged white boys. Some people like to talk about a lack of aspiration. I disagree. It is not that white disadvantaged boys themselves do not want to succeed,” he wrote in a 2018 article for ConservativeHome.
“[R]ather than obsess about lack of aspiration, it is the lack of social capital that we should be focusing on. White disadvantaged boys cannot even play the game that is the competitive jobs market, whilst their wealthier peers win every time,” he wrote.
WHITES NEED NOT APPLY: Brits of English Heritage Banned from Paid Training Posts… at English Heritage
— Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 9, 2018
Black and Minority Ethnic (BAME) youngsters, on the other hand — whether rich or poor — are much more likely to be able to benefit from the wealth of paid “internships” from which white people, and sometimes straight white males exclusively, and excluded, as public institutions and businesses seek to boost diversity.
White people can also be legally turned down for jobs in favour of minority candidates of equal merit — a provision in Britain’s equality legislation which has been abused in the hiring practices of at least one police force.
Theresa May’s government also excluded young white youths from a £90 million government fund for young people acquired by raiding dormant bank accounts in 2018.
Police Unlawfully Rejected ‘Exceptional’ Recruit for Being Straight White Male, Tribunal Finds
— Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) February 23, 2019
.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Concrete Metal Lathe I ve wanted a large CNC lathe for a long time key ingredient to that being a large lathe Unfortunately most places that sell these lathes want a large sum of money in exchange After some searching on the internet it turns out one could build
3 ensp 0183 en
6 ensp 0183 ensp 57 thoughts on A Polymer Concrete DIY CNC With No Perceptible Budget In Sight Robert Manzke has added a new log for CTAG TBD open source eurorack synthesizer module
The construction manual for an open source lathe is nearly complete and the team behind it would like feedback on the finishing touches 870 million people worldwide are chronically undernourished Irrigating crops is a simple solution that can double the amount
The Multimachine Open Source Concrete Lathe Project An almost free metal lathe drill and milling machine Accurate and scalable to almost any size The technology used has been proven for almost 100 years Easily made from scrap steel bar and
The Concrete Lathe MultiMachine amp Other Projects for the Developing World Welcome Make Readers Pat Delany s Open Source Machine Tools project is featured in Make Magazine 37 To learn more about the project scroll through the projects below or check out the essential links to the right
Building the Concrete Lathe Open Source Machine Tools 183
nbsp 0183 32 Geopolymers are regularly used on Earth as an eco friendly alternative to conventional concrete One of the main ingredients in concrete is cement which requires a high temperature 2 2
We re developing open source industrial machines that can be made for a fraction of commercial costs and sharing our designs online for free The goal of Open Source Ecology is to create an open source economy – an efficient economy which increases innovation by open collaboration
From Open Source Ecology Jump to navigation search Contents 1 Concept 2 Introduction 3 Auger 4 Bill of Materials 5 Lathe 5 1 Spec 5 2 Danger 5 2 1 Comments
ensp 0183 ensp A lathe is the only machine capable of building itself all very clever when you sit down and nut out how you could do it From a practical perspective it s an entirely different matter but if you were stranded on a desert island with only a bunch of basic tools yes you could build a lathe from scratch and in theory it could be quite accurate
The Multimachine Open Source Concrete Lathe Project The Multimachine Open Source Concrete Lathe Project An almost free metal lathe drill and milling machine Accurate and scalable to almost any size multimachine concrete lathe ver pdf
The Multimachine Open Source Concrete Lathe Project Some change in our designs will be necessary if you do this but then except for concrete the whole machine could be built entirely from scrap metal A discarded hydraulic cylinder with a 37 mm 1 5 piston rod Larger would be better
Building a metal lathe from concrete is more of a challenge The concrete lathe begins with a form and for this Curt cut out all the parts on a CNC router Open Source Password Keeper 200
Building a Complete DIY Workshop Build your own workshop from the ground up Most of my photos have detailed notes so check them out This is the Instructable for my Workshop Video Tour 2013
Explore vcrtrinity s board quot Homemade lathe amp Milling machine quot followed by 325 people on Pinterest See more ideas about Homemade lathe Milling machine and Lathe
The construction manual for an open source lathe is nearly complete and the team behind it would like feedback on the finishing touches
The We are approaching the lathe
MultiMachine The original Open Source Machine Tools project the MultiMachine works as a metalworking lathe and milling machine Like the Concrete Lathe it can be built by artisans and mechanics using materials like junked cars available throughout the
Portable mini lathe 1 PROJECT PRESENTATION 2 PORTABLE MINILATHE GROUP GROUP MEMBERS Sujith R Team Leader Jerrin Bose Nikhilesh K Sanoosh C Santhosh Kumar N Vineeshkumar KV Guided By MANU M JOHN Asst Professor
Homemade Lathe Milling Machine Open Source Metal Working Concrete Projects To Try Communication Crafts Metalworking Homemade Wood Lathe Homemade Lathe Homemade Tools Diy Tools Used Woodworking Tools Woodworking Machinery Wood Projects For Kids Milling Machine Wood Lathe
nbsp 0183 32 This is a video series that goes along with the documented build over on instructables http www instructables com id Concrete Metal Lathe This is the ove
nbsp 0183 32 Building a metal lathe from concrete is more of a challenge This challenge was recently taken up by Curt Filipowski in a five part YouTube series that resulted in a real working lat
Lathe cost is determined by the size of the machine you build and the kinds of good junk you have available Detailed Instructions Note be sure to read the Essential Documents page before you dive into building a Concrete Lathe on your own
17 ensp 0183 ensp https www youtube com watch v Lzytexbrdlg Building this lathe from scratch was a challenge I m not a mechanical engineer so the build was based on gut feeling and
MultiMachine an open source machine tool The MultiMachine a complete machine shop in one tool Entirely built from scrap material Pat Delany MultiMachine Box 1629 Palestine Te USA
Nov 23 Marcin Open Source Fab Lab Open Source Lathe RepLab 1 Comment The lathe is perhaps the most important machine tool in a workshop In almost every kind of machining operation either the work piece or the cutting tool turns – link
A New Open Source Platform Offers Free Blueprints Here s what that means for architects and for home buyers The premier site for architecture industry news amp building resources for architects and architecture industry professionals Relevant Sites Builder
10 ensp 0183 ensp Swing Metal Lathe Mill Drill Almost free metal lathe drill msch 239 nes Accurate and to size Technology used hes proven for from scrap bar concret 230 With common too s few welds Author Pat Celany Time required 2 months because concrete needs time to quot season quot Quick setting concrete would make things faster Difficuty Difficult
19 ensp 0183 ensp
Studies on Properties of Concrete Replacing Lathe Scrap written by Seetharam P G S Vidhya C Bhuvaneswari published on 2017 03 24 download full article with
Building the Concrete Lathe Open Source Machine Tools 1 The Multimachine 150 12 quot
nbsp 0183 32 This video accompanies the written open source instructions for building a MultiMachine The project is open source as are others from Pat Delany and his MultiMachine Working Group For moreIf you were starting a career coach college, what courses would you offer? What skills do you think are the most important for a successful career coach to possess? Well, if it were my career coach college, I would offer as wide a variety of subjects as possible so my college could provide all the necessary skills needed to graduate students who will go on to successful and rewarding employment in the career coaching field.
Here are the main courses at my career coach college and the course descriptions.
Social Networking 101
Discover why Facebook, Twitter, and other social networking sites are not just for kids. They are for people who want to promote themselves and advance their career or business. In this course, students will learn everything there is to know about social networking and how to transfer this knowledge to their clients.
Linkedin 101
Learn how to use Linkedin to further your career and the careers of your clients. Learn how to create informative and keyword-rich profiles that engage the reader. You will also become knowledgeable on how to use groups and connections to benefit your business and your client’s careers.
Marketing Yourself 101
Everyone needs to sell themselves. You will learn techniques and skills that will help your clients market and promote themselves in the job market. You will learn skills that will help them get jobs and promotions.
Job Searching Strategies 101
In this course, you will given all the tools and knowledge necessary to help your clients begin their search for a job. Whether they are just entering the job market or starting a new career, this course will help you help them become experts in finding job opportunities.
Job Searching Strategies 201
This is a follow up to Job Searching Strategies 101, and offers skills and knowledge on how to find better jobs in a chosen field. This course will provide you with ways to help your client move up in their particular profession.
Marketing Your Business 101
Many career coach colleges may overlook this one, but my college will have a detailed course on marketing and promotion. No matter how great a coach you are, you will need to market your business. This course will provide you with strategies and techniques to successfully market your practice, whether you have been in business for a long time or are just starting out.
Choosing a Career 101
You may have clients who know what career they want to enter and you may have clients who have no clue what they want to do. This course will teach you ways to help your clients make this most important decision. This course will be filled with questions, exercises, life scenarios, and other ways to help your clients select a career path.
Organization for the Disorganized
A skill that any good career coach college should teach, organization is a key to running a smoothly operating coaching practice. This course will teach you how to keep all you legal papers in order, how to become a good manager of time, and how to keep notes and information on your clients organized and easily accessible. It’s not a good career coach college if it doesn’t offer a class on organization.
If you want to be a coach, you need training and education. Sure, it’s possible to rent an office, hang out a sign with your name and coaching title, and start advertising for coaching clients. But, without the proper training and education, do you think clients will be beating down your door? No way! You need training – the kind of training a good career coach college can offer. Like mine!
Fred Philips
Business Coach
Writing Team, Coaches Training Blog CommunityMain Street, Gartmore, FK8 3RW | Tel : 01877 382054 | info@blackbullgartmore.com | Opening Hours | Festive Opening Times
Welcome to the Black Bull
Steeped in history and within the Loch Lomond and Trossachs National Park, our beautiful old "drovers’ inn" is waiting to give you a warm welcome. The community of Gartmore purchased the Black Bull in 2019 and have worked together on a huge refurbishment programme. We are now the proud owners of a fantastic pub with wonderful home cooked food, a roaring fire, local Whiskies, friendly staff and stunningly beautiful bedrooms.
Why not escape the city and enjoy our beautiful countryside and relax in the tastefully decorated surroundings of our lovely Black Bull.
We have a lovely bar and drinks area as well as a very spacious beer garden. With space at both the front and back of the pub, we have plenty of tables inside and out for everyone. The beer garden also has 4 marquees protecting some of our tables from the unexpected rain showers that never happen in Scotland… There is even a patio heater for when it gets chilly. Don't forget to check in and out on test and protect!
Order at Table on your Phone in our Beer Garden
We are now operating a QR code ordering system in our Bar and Beer Garden. If you would prefer not to use the QR code ordering system, we would kindly ask you to place your order and pay at the Bar. Please note, masks must be worn inside when not seated at a table.
.jpg)
A Warm Welcome...Guaranteed
Buy Black Bull Vouchers
Theres no better gift or thank you present
Vouchers are available in £5 - £100 denominations - scroll to the bottom of our online store. Select the "voucher" collection point at the top and when your order is complete your voucher is emailed to you as a QR code that can be sent to the lucky recipient. Emails can take 24hrs from time of order to be despatched.Portfolio
comevis Originals
Acoustic Performance
Ganzheitliches Soundbranding, Soundlogo, Corporate Soundtoolbox "Podcast" & "Video", Audio-Marketing - auditiv einzigartig.
Acoustic Interaction
AI Conversation & Service Design für Voice Apps (z.B. Alexa), Telefonie, UX und technologiebasierte Audio/ Voice Lösungen
comevis Workflow
comevis
Thinking
Wir hören in Ihre Marke rein: Von der Exploration bis zum Tracking.
__________________________________
Methodik: comevis Sonic Profiling
comevis
Design
Wir gestalten Ihren Klang:
Vom Audio Branding über die Klangarchitektur bis zur Corporate Voice.
__________________________________
Methodik: comevis Sonic Coding
comevis
Make it Real
Wir gehen weiter:
In unseren Science Labs und unseren Studios.
__________________________________
Methodik: comevis Sonic Producing
comevis Exclusive
comevis Care
Performance Corporate Voice & Soundservices
Licensing (GEMA-frei), Services, Produktionsmanagement, QS, Joure Fix, Check, Report
Ihre Ansprechpartner
About
We hit the right sound for you.
comevis. Sound of Success.
Audio has never been as important as today.
We successfully position and profile your brand in the market across all acoustic contact points, with special audible innovations and in all languages.
Rely on our sound technological know-how. For the unique position of your brand. For the well-being of your customers and employees. For interactions that are worth listening to.
of international Experience,
2002-2021
> 20 million listeners every day l at our customers' daily touchpoints
In teams of experts, we design your acoustic brand positioning and auditive communication and combine sound technological know-how, international and cross-industry experience and a feel for digital trends - for an overall auditory image that will convince your customers.
We look forward to hearing from you. Whether for large or small challenges, for individual sounds or a complete voice and sound branding: we set your brand to music on every acoustic level.
Sounds good? We are looking forward to from you.
The comevis methodologies C-Profiling, C-Coding and C-Producing are awarded multiple times:
German Design Award "Nominee"
The comevis designs set the pace for current design trends and provide important impulses for this competition.
Therefore, we are very proud to be "German Design Award Nominee 2022".
comevis. Innovation Champion 2021
We can count ourselves among the TOP 100 most innovative
medium-sized companies in Germany.
comevis. Agency of the Year
In 2020, the German Design Council selected us
as "Agency of the Year".
comevis. German Brand Award in Gold
We were awarded with the German Brand Award in Gold in recognition of the Yello Sound Branding incl. Soundlogo.
"The German Brand Award emphasizes the great importance of consistently implemented (acoustic) brand strategies and focuses on them as an essential component of success for brands and companies. The entire comevis team is very happy about this nomination.
Stephan Vincent Nölke
Geschäftsführer I CEO
Since 2002, the Cologne-based audio-voice & tech specialists around comevis CEO Stephan Vincent Nölke have been creating unique-sounding brand presences for leading companies and brands.
comevis. C-Labs
Our experts in the comevis audio/voice innovation labs track down trends and consistently use the latest scientific findings.
comevis
Research Partner
Audio/Voice Design & Innovation Center, especially for sound applications in digital environments.
The comevis C-methods are unique.
To the comevis offers & services
comevis. Sound of Success
Organizations we value and are pleased to support include:
The world's forests need our help: saving forests means saving climate.
Donations save children's lives
The comevis management
Stephan Vincent Nölke
CEO, author, keynote speaker, long-standing lecturer at University of Applied Sciences Bonn
"Sound is the key to open doors"
>>.
who we are...
Emmons Construction was born from a desire to provide quality craftsmanship and undeniable customer service from small residential remodels to large commercial building projects. A former professional musician who supplemented his income with carpentry and construction, Matt Emmons has over 20 years of experience.
As a General Contractor, Emmons Construction provides unequaled customer service from the design and planning of projects through production to a complete project finished to the clients’ satisfaction. We pride ourselves in holding our subcontractors to a higher standard of craftsmanship and we make customer service as much of a priority as the quality of the finished product. With a strong knowledge of every discipline, including current codes and materials, we keep our clients fully informed during every stage of production.
A high level of accountability is given to us during any size project; a responsibility we don’t take lightly. Ultimately, it is our company and our reputation and we are very proud of both.
click on camera for more
project pictures!
Ø WAVE COLLECTION
2018-2019
Porcelain Set “Ø” is created out of 6 pieces in 14 color variations. From the largest piece: “Flower Vase” to the tiny "Holder".
Scale of each of the piece is transformed from the primal "mother model" and turned into separate pieces. I created useful and sustainable, porcelain art set.
Aesthetic is simple and contemporary.
By combining the ideology of "experience design" I encourage the user to “mix and match”: color, scale and shape of the pieces.
The sustainable thinking leads to the sustainable using.
I focus on designing and making beautiful. objects consisting the purpose and the meaning in its final presence., […]Categories: Contact Us
How to teach your child how to be a good citizen
In this excerpt from Child Abuse: Unspoken Secrets of the World’s Most Dangerous Cult, author and child abuse researcher Mark Ames explains how to properly teach your children the difference between right and wrong.Ames discusses the importance of parents making their children aware of their rights, including the importance in educating children that they can always be counted on.Child Abuse’s […]Categories: PhilosophyDo not forget to verify with the local authority in regards to the zoning ordinances in your area to make sure that you are following constructing rules whenever you construct your shed. Kitchen Transforming Works Get paints which can be no-VOC. They’re environmentally friendly and don’t have dangerous chemical compounds. They are equally as efficient, but costs barely greater than other paint.
alterations to structure in addition to reconstruction Alarm System Wall papering- for added texture and a richer feel to rooms, this can be a nice concept to pursue. You can even choose to combine this with painting for a extra distinctive contact. Now you understand what to look for, and how one can get it right, you can beautify your own home and get worth for money.
In contrast to fluorescents, they don’t have any mercury.
3. Choosing the proper color of the walls is essential, as this may dictate the tone of a room. Deciding on this may occasionally take a lot time, as there are lots of colors available. You must begin by eliminating your decisions. Choose all the colors that you just like then think of the furniture that you will put in the room.
Is your bathroom cramped? Many modern properties all built with very little house and becoming a whole rest room suite in them may be difficult. Most of the toilet producers have give you a very good answer to this within the shape of compact toilets. All the most important toilet manufacturers like Toto, American Standard, Kohler, and Porcher are producing a nice line in bogs specifically designed to suit into a small room.
three. Buy and set up a programmable thermostat.
CCTV Video surveillance system Toronto has develop into a need of the hour. They are repeatedly put in in residential, industrial, and industrial establishments for the safety against burglary or property harm, as well as private protection against intruders. Analog CCTV cameras with excessive resolutions can seize any picture with impressing clarity and may be secretly installed in file rooms, parking heaps, and cash areas to watch any suspicious actions.
The other day I got here across a function that I could use to improve my wi-fi security system. All I wanted to do was to discover a technician who added the characteristic to the system with out interrupting its processes. You possibly can all the time upgrade your wireless alarm system given that it is quite easy and doesn’t take much time. A bonus that comes together with this is the low fee that the technician will charge since it’s a simple procedure. Some folks even do the upgrading on their very own hence saving their cash. As for me, I at all times have a technician do it for me just to be sure it is carried out rightly.
Conclusion
It is no wonder, really. Numerous time is spent within the kitchen. Monitoring System. Let’s take a look at the basic information about LED replacement bulbs. Right now, modern improvements have brought extra durable technology in order that an asphalt ply-layer roof consists of rubberizing compounds that improve durability and stop water penetration longer.Today’s Reflection
Silence breeds silence. If no one is talking openly about their experiences with mental health, no one wants to be the first person to test the waters and see how the community responds. I understand this fear. I too have been scared to share my experience with mental illness. As a pastor, I feared telling members of my congregation that I had been diagnosed with situational depression during my years of infertility. I didn’t know if they would trust me with their concerns if they knew I was taking medication for a chemical imbalance. I have feared also for a few of my family members who have been diagnosed with serious mental illnesses; I have worried that they might be ostracized from their faith communities if they revealed the extent of their disorders. I am a church leader. If I have been scared of speaking up about my personal experiences with mental illness, I only can imagine the fear other members of the congregation must feel.
—Elizabeth Hagan, Brave Church: Tackling Tough Topics Together (Upper Room Books, 2021)
Today’s Question
Who can support you in situations where you feel afraid to speak up about your experiences? Join the conversation.
Today’s Scripture
The LORD is my light and my salvation;
whom shall I fear?
The LORD is the stronghold of my life;
of whom shall I be afraid?
—Psalm 27:1 .
4 Comments
Acknowledging that pastors are just as human as ourselves is essential. Yes, they have a calling in a way that we don’t, but we too have a calling in a way that they don’t. We all have different gifts, just we are not all the same, and yet we are all in the image of God. We all need God, for without God we have no being. Thank You, Lord.
Glad Julie and Megan had a nice day out with meals, a movie, and an art/craft show. I add my prayers for Ally and David’s health and job search, Jill and Larry’s safe travels, Lou’s visit with her children, and Marcy’s health and finances. The weather is improving as temps slowly subside and the possibility of rain increases. If all goes well there should be stripes on the front of the CV Brill car today. Hope my skills are as good as my hope for success. Thank You Lord for AC in hot weather.
Yes, God stands beside us through our trials including when we share those trials with him. I definitely identify with the lack of acceptance within the church. I have not felt fully accepted, as tough I am being kept at arms length. Also, the last time I was at church they had learned who their new pastor would be. Many expressed concern and negativity because the new pastor is African American. I was overjoyed because we are near a city that is predominately African American and poverty striken.
Megan and I ha alovely time yesterday, mostly because we were not around h. We each made purchases from artists and ate at a Greek food truck. I had a wonderful falafel sandwhich on pita and tabouleh. We had ice cream and then went to a store that sells specialty shoe inserts that help with joint pain. They were $400, but Megan could barely walk in and when we left she walked without even a limp! They are lifetime warrenteed so I felt it was well worth the expense.
My ex mother in law is in the hospital with COVID and she is dying. Megan’s dad is going to where we are from to be with her and Megan will join him in the middle of the night Saturday/Sunday.
Prayers for Robert and his church, Ally and David’s health, Jill and Larry’s safety, Lou and her children’s visit together and safety, and Marcy’s health and finances. Thank you for your prayers.
Hello UR family. I’ve had several days when I did not feel well due to small vessel symptoms. I’m much better today and we are trying to play catch-up on errands and household chores. we are fortunate to have family, friends and church families who support us. I have been in churches that did not feel safe. As a youth minister many years ago, I served a church whose pastor told lies about me when I was dealing with panic disorder and situational depression. I reached out to him because I thought he was someone I could trust. Had it not been for pastors who had been there for my family in times of crisis and were like family, I don’t know that I would have ever trusted another clergy person. Today, I ask God to help me be a support as others have been for us. David is healing after his fall. Pray that I can help him increase his strength by starting the exercise program so that we will stay strong.
Robert, I hope you can get some painting in on your car. Thank you for the insight regarding our gifts. We all have something to offer. I am with you on AC. Don’t know how folks made it through Georgia summers without it. Thank you also for your prayers for David and me. Julie, I’m so glad you and Megan had such a nice outing. Praise the Lord that the shoe inserts brought Megan relief and enabled her to walk better. Prayers for your ex-MIL, that she will pass as peacefully as possible, and for Megan and her father as they grieve. I pray that your church will see their new pastor as one who will broaden their ministries and their mission in their community. I pray for you, that you remain safe through this trial, that freedom and peace are in your future. Thanks for your prayers.
Lifting up Marcy, Jill, Lou, April, and our other regulars. May we all find the support we need through fellow believers and look to Christ as our strength. Be blessed!
Add CommentMicro.
This method is ideal for anyone wanting to enhance the look of their eyebrows or to restore sparse or missing brows. People suffering from alopecia or any other condition that causes hair loss benefit greatly from Microblading.
The results are a natural, flawless, fuller looking brow. Initially, the brows appear darker, but fade over a two week period. It is considered to be semi-permanent with results lasting between 11 and 18 months. Two initial treatments are required and annual touch ups are recommended to retain the shape and saturation of pigment.
Micropigmentation for eyeliner & full lip colour
Permanent makeup is possible through a procedure called micropigmentation in which pigment is embedded beneath the skin, to add permanent colour. The procedure involves the use of a hand-held device that punctures the skin with a very thin needle and pushes the pigment into the desired location. Two initial treatments are required (6 weeks apart). Touch ups may be required a few years later.
Eyeliner
Eyeliner is the easiest way to enhance the beauty of the eyes. It will only take a few minutes to assess your eye shape and discuss your width and colour preference.
Lips
After a lip treatment you don’t have to worry about smearing lipstick on your teeth, continuously having to reapply lipstick or colour “bleeding” into the fine lines around your mouth. Permanent make-up provides colour to the lips, can correct asymmetry and give the lips a fuller appearance.
For more information on these products and procedures, please contact us.
Dr Doucas is able to refer you to a skin care facility that he has feels confident in, for permanent and semi-permanent make-up.Financial Planning
What is financial planning, exactly?
There are many pieces to your financial life that need to fit together, much like a puzzle. Your likelihood for success is higher if you build out the edge pieces first before moving to the interior. Developing a sound financial plan is very similar. Some of your puzzle pieces may include:
- Finding a safe withdrawal rate and discussing which accounts to draw down first
- Exploring Social Security maximization & timing strategies
- Understanding efficient charitable (or non-charitable) gifting strategies
- Helping you see what’s possible
- Reviewing your insurance policies and annuities (if applicable)
- Developing and monitoring financial goals going forward
You might be wondering…
What does your financial planning process look like?
- We’ll begin with a collaborative conversation with you.
- Then we’ll ask you for a short list of financial information that you can easily and securely upload to our client portal, mail to us, or drop off at our office.
- Once we have a draft ready for your review, we will reach out to schedule a time to review with you. Any additional changes or updates will be made before we send you a final version of your plan.
How much will a financial plan cost me?
- Our Investment Management clients gain our Financial Planning services on a complimentary basis. We want you to do more financial planning with us, not less.
- If you aren’t interested in our Investment Management services and want to hire P&A solely to do a financial plan for you, the cost is $1,000. Half is due upfront, and the other half is due at the conclusion of the plan.
- For our Financial Planning only clients, we will do a refresh of your plan at the one-year mark.
What are the benefits to me of going through your planning process?
- We provide you with clear and specific short-term action items and recommendations. In a nutshell, clarity, wisdom, and purpose.
- During this entire process, we will help you define your financial goals, optimize the resources you already have, and recommend a plan with a trajectory toward a sound financial future.
- Along the way, we often uncover additional Complimentary Services that add value to your financial life.
- “The plan” represents a point in time and is merely the beginning. Ongoing planning will be the catalyst for your best outcome.
What if I don't want a full financial plan?
- For our Investment Management clients, we offer our Five Uses of Money analysis as an alternative to a full plan.
- This is a great option for our younger clients who want to know if they’re on the right path to financial freedom.
- Five Uses analyzes which portion of your income goes to living expenses, savings and investment, charity, debt, and taxes.
MEGGLE stands for added value.
Our Service for youMEGGLE means more; above all, more service. We are not simply a producer and supplier. We are your partner, your advisor, your development team. Whatever you need, you can call on our team of experts to help with all aspects of development, production, application, and processing of pharmaceutical excipients. You can rely on our worldwide network of application experts to assist you quickly. Whether you work with us as part of a coordinated contract production activity or innovative contract development project, our FormulaB development center aligns specifically to your needs and requirements. We share our experience and expertise with our customers and partners. Innovation is what drives us, and we are in constant contact with global scientific and educational institutions to our benefit and yours.MEGGLE in brief:
- Modern, innovative product range
- Quality systems that meet the highest international standards
- Fully implemented GMP/GDP system
- Global sales and distribution network
- Customers in over 100 countries
- Local, individual service
- Extensive expertise
- Team of experienced application advisors around the world
- Global research network
- Contract manufacturing to the highest possible quality standards
- Contract development at our FormulaB technical competence center
Contract manufacturing
MEGGLE is contract manufacturing various products for their customers also. With a broad spectrum of effort and state-of-the- art production equipment, MEGGLE is able to realize customer requirements quickly, reliably, and with the highest technical level.
Quality Standards : ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2004, FAMI-QS, HACCP, IPEC GMP, Process and Cleaning validation for pharmaceutical products possible.Production Equipment:
- 8 Spray-Dryer
- 5 Fluid bed dryer
- 10 Evaporator
Service:
- Spray-drying
- Agglomeration/drying
- Evaporation
- Technology
- Blending of multiple powders
- Wet granulation with subsequent fluidizedbed drying
- Fractionation of endproducts is possible
Output/Application:
Continuous fluidbed drier processing fluidisable bulk products.Continuous wet blender for production of agglomerated materials.
- Output up to 1.500 kg/h
- Product range: Pharma
Technology:
- Falling film evaporator operated by mechanical/thermal exhaust vapors
- Output from 10.000 l/h up to 55.000 l/h
- Product range: Food
Output/Application:
Falling film evaporator operated by mechanical/thermal exhaust vapors
Director Business Group Excipients & Technology
Dr. Egmont Pfeifer
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Project Manager - Contract Manufacturing
Mr. Albert Speckmaier
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Project Assistant - Contract Manufacturing
Mr. Martin Eder
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Property Attributes
- MLS#72919064
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyNORFOLK
- CityCanton
- AreaPonkapoag
- Zip02021
- StyleColonial
- Year Built1930
- Taxes$ 5174
- Price$ 584,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1687
- Lot Size0.48 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Julian Addy with Boston Trust Realty Group.
Data Source:
Massachusetts MLS Property Info Network (MLSPIN) - 3 - MA
Property Description
Perfectly situated at the foot of Blue Hills, this charming single family is the home that you have been waiting for all year. Kitchen is fitted with newer stainless steel appliances (2020). Open concept dining room and den that flows nicely into 1 of 2 sun rooms. Full bathroom on the first level that is ideal for hosting guests. Spacious living room that is connected to the 2nd sun room that is currently being used as an office. Master bedroom has a walk in closet. With close to half an acre of land this home is brimming with outdoor opportunities from roasting smores in a firepit to letting your dog or young children play outside. Commuters dream: stones throw from 128, 138, 95. Walking distance to golf courses and trails. Close proximity to Houghton's pond and The Trailside Museum. This home is the perfect gift for the holidays.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolThis article contains mentions of rape and sexual assault and may be triggering to some readers.
When Georgie Burg was 13, she met Father John Aitchison. Over two years, he would rape her five times – in the church and in her own bedroom.
In 2018, he was sentenced to nine years in prison (with a five year non-parole period) for these crimes.
On 13th August 2018, Georgie stood in the ACT Supreme Court at his sentencing, and read her Victim Impact Statement. These are her words.
————————————————————————————————————————————
I’ve thought a lot about what I’d like to say if I saw today.
Today is as large as the day I married my husband, the days our children were born and potentially, the day I met John Aitchison, who detonated above my family with a force as great as an atomic bomb.
I have always been determined not to live my life as a victim, but as someone who will break the awful patterns of child sexual abuse. Who will always try to love, although I don’t know how to accept that I am loved in return – a fact which weighs heavily on my husband and children.
You see, when I think about who I am, what I want from my life and the difference I want to leave behind me – I can’t think of a single thing that makes me who I am.
As a girl, that voice was my violin, and my friends were my animals. It is well and good to say that my career was taken from me, and how sad that is. But to characterise it doesn’t respect the depth of what being a violinist meant to me. It wasn’t a hobby. I was a child who lived and breathed music.
It was a comfort, a smokescreen, a disguise and an exposure of the very gifted girl I was. It was my own language spoken with my voice. My interpretation of how I saw the world around me – the way society saw me, heard me, listened to me and celebrated who I was.
John Aitchison took away my music and all the things that gave me comfort, security and happiness.
I don’t remember friends, teachers or any happiness from my teenage years. There is nothing left of that time of my life, because of this former priest, Father John Aitchison. My identity as a girl, my voice as a musician, my ability to forgive myself – he took it all. He rewrote who I was meant to be, he manipulated the weaknesses in my temperament and he amputated my sense of safety. He was effortlessly careless, casual, commanding, authoritarian and coolly arrogant. And more.
I stand before you today and say that measurement of the damage of this has no language to describe it.
I’ve watched my peers, my own children and their friends at the age I was then. I remember I was proud I’d just learned to French braid my hair, I thought wearing odd socks was an act of serious rebellion. And then my safe spaces just disappeared.
Top Comments
This is tragic. What a brave women to stand up against her abuser. I can only imagine the letters that were written about her, the church abused these kids all over again.If you might be an excellent writer, then you may think about starting this as top-of-the-line business to begin in 2021. It just isn’t only the most effective business to start out with little cash, but also provides flexibility, recession-resistant and non-seasonal markets. People from all around the world have began exhibiting interest in yoga asanas to get reduction from physical and mental health. Apart from meals high quality, so as to get the eye of customers, make certain your small business ought to have a singular and crowd pleasing custom emblem design. If you might be extremely organized, detail oriented particular person, who loves to arrange parties, then you’ve the best character to begin an occasion planning business. You might both choose to specialize in a particular kind of event (marriage ceremony, birthday parties, company meetings, and so on.) or can go with all kinds of events. All you have to have a team of experts and an area to begin your corporation operations.
Congrats to Sean Ryan on committing to Nichols College!!🎉🥳 With his major in general business, Sean plans to pursue a career in the business world. Also, he has committed to Nichols College for baseball and will be pitching for the team.⚾️ @sean_ryan820 pic.twitter.com/NeDQxX0Xx7
— Hopedale Class of 2021 (@Hopedale2021) March 3, 2021
This number is based on the typical variety of FEMA-designated disasters per square mile of each state. As climate change continues to influence and exaggerate natural disasters, this number will proceed to develop. Biological events are also included within the knowledge to indicate the influence of COVID-19 on this area.
Veteran Small Business Award
Read more about substitute teachers business cards here.
If this suits your profile, you may wish to take into consideration getting active on the Pinterest community. Twitter is one other free channel that can be used to promote your small business online—mainly if your viewers is comprised of 12 months-olds. It tends to require a bit more exercise to construct an audience, however if you’re persistently energetic, you can master the platform and expertise its benefits. For more ways to advertise your corporation on Instagram, try these 11 Instagram advertising suggestions. Social media is another free method to get the word out about your small business. The hottest business accounts are Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter, but make sure to think about using other sites that might be particular to your niche, similar to Pinterest or Reddit. Word of mouth is considered one of, maybe probably the most, highly effective method of promoting your corporation to the right folks.
How Am I Able To Begin My Own Business With No Cash?
Businesses that ran on-line methods did better through the economic upheaval. Businesses are increasingly more likely to take advantage of these types of products. In early 2020, virtually 50{8659cc28798989e928b85415075b9ef3ac360c181887cece227be78d6b6fd7fc} mentioned they deliberate to maneuver IT to the cloud – up from 32{8659cc28798989e928b85415075b9ef3ac360c181887cece227be78d6b6fd7fc} a year earlier .
- It receives 3.5 billion searches per day, with practically half particularly for local companies.
- They demand better housing, healthcare, education, retirement services, vacation and leisurely pursuits.
- Ultimately, I suggest you start one thing online like a weblog, ecommerce business, or consulting firm, as these are much less susceptible to market shifters like Covid-19.
- Such know-how could be expensive and there are literally thousands of options to choose from, but a educated advisor may help you architect a solution that’s best for you.
This implies that repinning the same pin a number of times is now not good practice. Pinterest needs their user expertise to be related and of worth, not spammy.<<
Do you secretly fear that if you don’t act fast enough, someone else will copy your startup?
Perhaps they're more experienced and better-funded than you are.
What will you do when your competitors enter your market and outspend you?
For starters, your blue ocean opportunity will quickly turn into a bloody red mess. Swimming with the sharks ain’t a pretty sight.
Making slow decisions is the fastest route to startup extinction. If you don’t want to lose your startup, then you need to act faster.
Your competitors can afford to move at a slower pace. They have built-in economies of scale. With significant market share, customers default to buying their product. And they have a bigger marketing budget than you. That gives your competitors the luxury of taking their time.
But if you move slowly, you’ll get fed to the sharks.
Outpacing your competition isn’t your only threat...
You also need to move faster than tomorrow’s competitors who are ready to gnaw on your coattails.
According to Crunchbase, investors poured an estimated $6 billion dollars into more than 7,200 new startups in 2020.(1) With an estimated 15% of all startups raising funds, as many as 48,000 new startups enter the arena every year.(2)
Bottom line? You’ve got a lot of competition ready to put you out of business today. Your goal? Move faster...
You shouldn’t allow fear to make a hasty decision.
But as a startup, moving faster is the #1 competitive advantage you can give yourself today.
What other competitive advantages can you give your startup?
- Building a brand.
- Having more capital to invest in the right growth strategy.
- Investing in a marketing partner to grow your startup.
Building a brand is powerful. Strong brand positioning coupled with a unique selling proposition helped GEICO increase their market share by 186%.(3) While you need to start investing in your brand strategy, it also takes time to grow.
Having more capital is also helpful, but it only indirectly increases your growth. With more money, you can hire faster, create defensibilities faster, and get market share faster. But investing in the wrong strategy will slow down your growth.
Yes, money is important. But only because it’s your fuel to move faster.
Which is why you want to hire the best agency to be your startup’s marketing partner...
Of course, not all startup marketing agencies are equal.
Some agencies only focus on later-stage startups. Others will take any small business or ecommerce store who will pay their bills.
They may claim they’re the best at social media marketing, search engine optimization, and web design. And when you’re ready to increase your marketing budget, they’ll do content, influencer, and community marketing programs.
Each marketing campaign sounds like marketing tactical hell, doesn’t it?
That’s because they lack a clear growth strategy.
How does Growth Ramp differ from other marketing agencies?
Growth Ramp focuses exclusively on creating the highest ROI for early-stage SaaS products. We don't offer a random list of marketing services. Instead, we begin by understanding your unique problems as an early-stage founder. Then we put together a plan to help scale your growth faster.
This way, you’re not wasting money on services you don’t need. In fact, we don’t offer some common marketing services if they don’t return your investment fast enough.
Even if you compare Growth Ramp with other full-service digital marketing agencies, we often beat them in three areas:
- The speed of new traffic. Most content marketing agencies say it takes 6-12 months to start seeing results with SEO. Our dialed-in process can get you organic traffic as fast as a week. Yes, we know how to do this on a new website, just ask us how on the strategy call.
- The speed of conversions. Not all traffic is equal. One reason agencies tell you it takes 6-12 months to see results is that they mainly focus on top-of-funnel keywords. If you want to see for yourself, request an article from them. If you get a how-to article, a listicle, or an explanation article, this is a sign their results will be slower than molasses in January.
- The speed of new revenue. Conversion optimization is critical to a successful SaaS marketing strategy. But unless you’re getting at least 200 conversions per month, it’s unlikely that traditional CRO A/B tests will work. How does a low-traffic site get revenue faster without an A/B test? By working with a product marketing agency that specializes in customer messaging and psychology.
Like you, we optimize our services for speed.
Because when our services are faster, you make money faster, plain-n-simple. This works whether you measure growth in MRR, GMV, LTV, or any other three-letter abbreviation. (Though we know how much you love your recurring revenue).
One client said we’re like an agency who straps you to a couch and pulls you behind our ski-doo. Sure, you might get a little snow on your face. But it’s the wild ride you’ve always dreamed of taking (am I right?).
We’re also a team of real people that care about your startup’s success. Our clients love that we’re not a massive, impersonal corporation. Your success is our success. In fact, there are services we don’t offer because we’re not confident it will make you money fast enough.
Growth Ramp is a SaaS product marketing agency. We love to outperform your competitors in the high demands of startup life. We pride ourselves on not becoming another slimy marketer who’s out to make money at whatever cost. Instead, we thrive on using our marketing efforts to solve challenges and get you real results.
If you’re ready to hire professionals to scale your growth for you and take that wild ride with us, apply to hire Growth Ramp.
> startup product marketing services
← Back to our SaaS marketing services
(1) Glasner, Joanna. “The Q2 2019 North American Report: Startup Funding Is Flat.” Crunchbase News..
(2) “Funding Your Startup, How to Get It Done.” Fundable..
(3) “Just 3 of the Top 10 Largest Auto Insurers Grew Market Share During 2018 in the U.S.” CollisionWeek, March 29, 2019..
><<The Minnesota primaries are Tuesday. Voters will cast their ballots to narrow the general election ballot.
Minnesota does not require voters to register under a political party. But in primaries voters must choose only one party to vote for in partisan races. Here’s what you need to know for the attorney general race:
Attorney General candidates
PRIMARY ELECTION AUG. 14 || GENERAL ELECTION NOV. 6
Sharon Anderson
Party: Republican
City: St. Paul
Past experience: Retired, “school of hard knocks”
Top Issues: Exposing “the inlfux of [Muslims] who answer to the [Quran], Sharia Law,” supporting the state and federal constitutions, prosecuting those who act “at [war] with the Office of President Donald Trump,” eliminate city and county attorneys, only have 10 district attorneys under the Attorney General office, impeach corrupt judges.
Campaign website:
Keith Ellison
Party: Democratic-Farmer-Labor
City: Minneapolis
Past experience: House Representative, civil rights and defense lawyer, Executive Director of the Legal Rights Center.
Top issues: Wage theft, health care, workplace safety, union rights, fair student loans, fair competition, affordable housing, stopping predatory lending, immigration justice, criminal justice, gun violence and climate justice.
Campaign website:
Tom Foley
Party: Democratic-Farmer-Labor
City: St. Paul
Past experience: Ramsey County Attorney, Washington County Attorney, member of the Governor’s Select Committee on the Impact of Drugs on Crime, Education and Social Welfare, served on the Minnesota Attorney General’s Task Force on Prevention of Violence Against Women, served as president of the Minnesota County Attorneys Association.
Top issues: Sexual violence, sex trafficking, opioid and drug crisis, cybersecurity and privacy protections, environmental crimes, safeguarding schools and students, consumer protection, abuse prevention for elderly and disabled population, health care fraud and protecting veteran benefits.
Campaign website:
Debra Hilstrom
Party: Democratic-Farmer-Labor
City: Brooklyn Center
Past experience: Served in the Minnesota House of Representatives, served as the DFL Deputy Minority Leader, served as the chair of the Public Safety and Judiciary committees, served on the Brooklyn Center City Council, worked as an Anoka County Assistant County Attorney.
Top issues: Accountability, health care, the needs of middle income and working families, “taking on” the banking lobby, standing up to credit card companies, taking a stand against corporate special interests, protecting vulnerable adults and senior citizens.
Campaign website:
Robert Lessard
Party: Republican
City: St. Paul
Past experience: Served in the U.S. Senate for 26 years, served on the judiciary committee, chaired the veteran’s general legislation committee.
Top issues: Defending the State Constitution, following rule of law, using the Legacy amendment properly, not using the office as a “political platform.”
Campaign website: Not applicable
Matt Pelikan
Party: Democratic-Farmer-Labor, endorsed candidate
City: Minneapolis
Past experience: Editor-in-chief of the Minnesota Law Review, clerked for judges on the Minnesota Supreme Court, worked to fight voter fraud.
Top issues: Gun safety, drug pricing, anti-trust enforcement, criminal justice reform, worker’s rights, wage theft, LGBQT+ rights, equality for women, criminal justice reform, rebuilding the attorney general office and protecting the environment.
Campaign website:
Mike Rothman
Party: Democratic-Farmer-Labor
City: Minnetonka
Past experience: Clerked for a judge on the Minnesota Court of Appeals, staffed for legislators in the Minnesota State Senate, worked in private practice in Los Angeles, practiced law as a partner at Winthrop & Weinstine, Commissioner of Commerce in Minnesota, president of the North American Securities Administrators Association, and served on several committees.
Top issues: Protecting seniors from abuse and exploitation, fighting opioids and overpriced drugs, conserving lakes, supporting rural communities, fighting for working families and standing up against “Trump’s unlawful actions.”
Campaign website:
Doug Wardlow
Party: Republican, endorsed candidate
City: Prior Lake
Past experience: Law clerk on the Minnesota Supreme Court, attorney, litigated civil disputes, defended property rights and served as a Minnesota House Representative.
Top issues: Promoting job growth, stopping “government bullying,” promoting public safety, combat human trafficking, promote law and order, protect Minnesotans’ tax dollars, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, economic liberty and fight corruption.
Campaign website:
Your guide to the 2018 Minnesota Primary Election:
► Here’s what you need to know before you vote
► Candidates in regular U.S. Senate election
► U.S. Senate special election candidates
► Get to know the House District 6 candidates
► Get to know the governor candidatesrif and I try to make sure we go for date nights at least once a fortnight despite our busy schedules, though we sometimes miss out because of work/blog commitments. We both decided on Maria’s Steak Café in Bangsar on our recent date night because it was one of the places in Bangsar we haven’t checked out.
Interior
The décor is unassuming so I was rather surprised to see a Wagyu marble score 7 in the menu. Obviously, I ordered one to try. rif opted for the chicken chop which caused me to roll my eyes – because we were in a steak joint. But to each his own.
Caesar Salad
Pumpkin Soup
We started with a pumpkin soup for him and a Caesar salad for myself; both decent though I would go raving about them anytime soon. The soup (RM10) was adequately thick and creamy, while my salad (RM15) was light but satisfying.
Cab Sauvignon
The wine list is limited so if you’re particular about your liquid, you might want to bring your own bottle. Corkage fee applies so do inquire within. I opted for a Cabernet Sauvignon (RM28) which was fairly straightforward and good enough to have with my steak.
Wagyu Ribeye Marble Score 7
Comes with potatoes, vegetables and mustard
There are several sizes for the wagyu ribeye but they ran out of the larger cuts that night. So I opted for the largest they had – 290gm which was decent enough. The meat itself was of good quality, though I feel the sides could have been better cooked. I like my steaks with a delicious char and crusty sides – that means you get more flavour from the fat and it seasons the meat better.
Medium rare
Maria’s Steak Café does it ok, but I would probably stick to the regular steaks rather than the wagyu. For RM300 (290gm), it’s not cheap – comparable to the steakhouses at 5-star hotels. A standard 250gm wagyu ribeye marble score 7 at hotel steakhouses cost between RM250-300, but Maria’s steak comes with potatoes and vegetables. The steak came with just a side mustard but I feel three options of sauces would be ideal in case some customers don’t fancy mustard.
Chicken chop
The chicken chop (RM20) rif had was just alright though it’s quite reasonable considering the location. Again, I wouldn’t recommend chicken chop in a steak joint so if you’re planning to dine here, go for steaks or at the very least lamb.
Service is friendly so that’s a plus point. I wouldn’t mind coming back for steaks but reckon I would opt for the regular ribeye rather than the wagyu marble 7.
Ambiance: 6/10
Price: 6.5/10
Food: 6/10 (pork free)
Verdict: Decent food though I would have liked the sides of my steak better charred.
Maria’s Steak Cafe
58, Jalan Maarof,
Bangsar Baru,
59100 Kuala Lumpur.
Tel: 09-2282 2220
Facebook PageM.
Mrs. Oelhaupl
Mrs. O. (Sandi Oelhaupl) began teaching as a teaching assistant with Glenbrook Preschool when her youngest child attended in 2009. All three of her children attended Glenbrook Preschool, including her oldest daughter who had a severe disability. Sandi loved the play-based model of learning at Glenbrook as it met children where they were at developmentally and created a great learning environment.
Mrs. O went on to complete her Child Care and Early Education training at Bow Valley College and currently holds an Alberta Government Child Development Supervisor Certificate in Early Education. She taught 3 and 4 year olds until 2018 when she accepted a position at Alberta Children's Hospital to support families whose children have healthcare needs.
Mrs. O is very excited to be back in the classroom to help children learn and grow in such a wonderful loving and caring place.
Mrs. Miller Preschool Society and I used to substitute teach for the teachers at the preschool. When my youngest child started grade one, I began working as a kindergarten aide. I was offered a teaching position with Glenbrook Preschool Society in 2006 and have been here ever since! I am thankful for the opportunity to help young children grow in such an appropriate early childhood environment, and treasure each individual child, as each one helps me grow a bit more as a teacher.Cavendish & Harvey Butterscotch Drops Tin.
Cavendish & Harvey Butterscotch Drops
These Creamy Butterscotch Drops melt in your mouth and indulge your senses.
Made with milk and butter, dusted with icing sugar and sealed in a premium gold tin for the highest quality freshness.
Ingredients
Glucose syrup, Sugar, Sweetened condensed whole Milk, Pure Butterfat(5%), flavouring, salt
Made in Germany.
200g TinOn our first episode of The New CISO podcast, Host Stephen Moore and Matt Klein share insights on teamwork, getting visibility at the executive level, and the right prep for effective board conversations when you’re not always ‘in the room’.
So, what is a Virtual CISO?
Think of it as a trusted advisor, an executive advisor, talking about strategic elements of your security program, even some technical elements, at a high to medium level. They are a trusted person to work with a company and make sure that they’re headed in the right direction. Also, they are that person to bounce concepts off of and to make sure they’re doing the right things as they’re building their information security program.
Steve and Matt’s conversation also touches on important aspects of leadership, some unique to virtual CISOs, but others that hit home for anyone growing into, or who finds themself in a position of authority.
These include:
- Defining a bad CISO
- Is the CISO role, in fact, impossible to measure successfully?
- Interaction with the board
- Leadership during times of crisis
- Having a game plan
- Executive presentation and vetting issues, and
- The career path of a ‘new CISO’
Check out the full episode here, and if you like the show, remember to review, rate us and subscribe to get new episodes when they drop.
More About Matt Klein
Matt Klein is a virtual CISO and executive adviser for Optiv. He advises enterprises on how to transition through leadership changes, improve security and reduce risk, and identify areas of opportunity where information technology can help contribute value to the bottom line.About Maple Plastics
Outdoor living has reached a new level of carefree performance and attractive appearance.For pvc decking, balustrade, railing, fencing, skirting and other vinyl products discover Maple plastics selection of care-free, low maintenance products.
With Maple Plastics UPVC decking, balustrade & skirting you can say good-bye to endless seasonal maintenance. Unlike wood structures which require constant upkeep, uPVC withstands the elements. UPVC won’t rot, warp or splinter. It will not chip, peel, blister or flake like painted wood. Maple Plastics supports British industry so whenever possible our products are manufactured in UK factories, using British labour and supporting the British economy.
If you would like to experience the efficiency and expertise of Maple Plastics why not let us give you a no-obligation quote for your next project/order.
Telephone 01625 434043
Call Maple Plastics Now - Telephone: 01625 568337
Maple Plastics PVC decking, balustrade, ramp, skirting and fencing systems
- Maple Plastics are the countries’ leading independent wholesale supplier of uPVC decking, balustrade, ramp, skirting and fencing products. Based centrally in Macclesfield, Cheshire we offer the following products and services:
- Large stockholding-immediate nationwide delivery (average 48 hours) or collect from our trade counter
- Great range of balustrade colours available White, Beige, Cream, Anthracite, Foiled Oak & Forest Green
- Full range of deck boards
- Pre routed balustrade rails- in range of popular lengths
- Range of picket styles available in square, diamond & oval designs.
- Gates available in all colours, two options of hardware ,heavy duty nylon or stainless steel.
- Pre made step systems- galvanised & powder coated heavy gauge steel, easy fit in 2, 3 & 4 tread options from stock
- Stand alone step systems 2,3 or 4 treads with or without handrail
- Timber framed steps with upvc
- Choice of skirting systems – Ranch Style or easy fit variform system from the USA.
- Hardware- we also keep extensive stocks of, deck screws, fixings.
Xylem Responds to Lombok Earthquakes in Relief Efforts. The AquaTowers were deployed in the encampment areas so that the hundreds of families living here can have clean water during the challenging times ahead of rebuilding their homes and lives. Xylem has been working closely with disaster relief efforts to provide life changing impact to those in need through continued support to natural disasters across the globe..What do you think about the new and improved Admin Center?Pinned Featured
Hey Lou, we have been gradually rolling out this change over the past week. We finalised the roll out today so you should now have the new experience in Admin Center. We would love to hear your thoughts.
Regards, Phil.
Hi @...
As usual, there's light and shadow. Some things are easier, but others got harder:
- it is easier to access organizations and end users, however, I rarely need the latter and thus eating up one slot in the green bar at the left is a high price to pay.
May I suggest to make the selection of functions added to the green bar configurable?
- It is harder to change agent roles, as you need to leave the user account and go to the admin center using the link provided.
Is there a way to define the default role assigned to an agent?
In our company, it would be light agent, but contributor seems to be the defined default.
JMTC.
Yours truly
Peter
Sharing direct links to Triggers was an important part of our workflow, especially when debugging issues with other people.
In the new UI, it is no longer possible to view a Triggers URL, instead the URL is always https://[hostname].zendesk.com/admin/objects-business-rules/rules/triggers
Can you please add a sharing link or another method so we can continue to share Trigger URLs?
Thank you.
Hi @...
As this would have broken lots of my documentation, I checked immediately upon seeing your comment.
If I open a specific trigger, its complete URL is still given in the old admin UI. So, I think the feature is still as it has been, and can be used as such.
I use links to triggers for instance in deployment procedures, where I ask the deployer to update the current version of a software running on a site after he completed its deployment.
@Zendesk: May I suggest to add an item to the clone/deactivate/delete triple-point menu, reading "permalink"?
Hi,
I must agree with Peter and Anthony's posts above:
- Configurable side bar would be fantastic in Support - we rarely require access to End Users directly, so being able to toggle this off would be great.
- Not having URLs for triggers is difficult - I found that useful when troubleshooting problems and sharing info.
One note on the new Team Members page:
- It would be great if we could see at a glance who is a Light Agent and who isn't - I appreciate that you can now filter on Light Agent as a role, but being able to see it when accessing the page would be very helpful.
Best regards,
Stephen
FYI: I just tried to add the trigger ID to the new admin UI URL - and it opens the trigger, as it does in the old admin UI.
We have to search by organization. We have multiple customers with the same company name. Not having this ability is going to hinder us. Right now the only way I see for us to search by company name is at the top in the search field; but then we have to take extra steps to find the company we need. Not liking this new admin center
***UPDATE***
I see you moved the organizations to their own space. Just means more clicking but its better than the search field at the top of the site
Peter - thanks for that info!
Another mine thing, I noticed. When you click on your User Profile on the Admin Centre, it doesn't have the option to request Help.
I think it would be beneficial to have the Help option here as well.
The new "Team Members" page has 2 key missing features, which used to be in the old "Agents" interface...
1. The Role of the user - essential to see at a glance
2. The (X of X seats used) prompt - helping you see how many agent seats you have remaining.
Both of these are very important when managing agents.
It looks like the new Team Members page doesn't let you search for an agent; you have to scroll through alphabetically to find who you're looking for. That's not really practical when you have 31 pages of agents, as we do. We were told months ago that the improved Admin Center would have a way to search for agents since flipping back and forth between tabs is also impractical and time consuming. Hopefully this agent search feature is still coming?
We are utterly dependent on QuickTabs to consolidate all tickets in one browser tab.
So the huge win (and frankly the only real selling point so far) of the new Admin Center is the ability to open admin pages side-by-side with tickets (i.e. in different browser tabs).
But when I open Triggers from the new Admin Center, it opens back in the primary ticket ZD tab, so not useful for that.
For Macros and Views, it worked as expected.
---
EDIT: And to be explicit, I strongly agree with those who have said that it's crucial to be able to reference a specific URL for each trigger.
I should add, in the "kudos" department -- the "Search Admin Center" and "Recently Viewed" features are nice touches.
Hi @... and @...,
I'm pleased to say, we do have the option to hide 'Organizaitons' from the Support navigation bar.
Quoting from this article:
To enable or disable the Organizations page
- In Admin Center, click the Workspaces icon (
) in the sidebar, then select Agent workspace > Agent interface.
- Click the Enable Organizations list checkbox to enable or disable the page.
- Click Save.
If you don't see the Organizations icon appear in the sidebar in Support, try refreshing the page.
Thank you,
Pari
@..., @..., @... - we have captured the trigger url issue in a ticket prioritized for resolution. Thank you for bringing it to our attention.
Hello @..., thank you for your feedback. Please clarify the steps you took to open the Triggers page in Admin Center. What specific action routed you to the primary ticket ZD tab?
Hi @...
Yes, that's good news - but the main concern is the customers/end users entry - please make that selectable, too.
We're already getting questions from our agents.
Yours truly
Peter
One thing I have noticed is that looking at views takes you out of the Admin Center.
We have views for a lot of different use cases would be nice when you select to open a view it opened in a new tab instead of taking you out of the Admin center.
The button does not even allow you to right click to open in new tab. Just stuck having to go back and forth which is inefficient.
@... --
Short answer -- any and all methods of opening the trigger page do this.
In more detail:
To repeat, I use the ZD Quicktab extension (in Edge on Windows) - the purpose of this extension is to open all tickets in the same browser tab, and the behavior that I'm seeing is sort of like that, though undesirable and fortunately not true for all settings pages.
That said --
A) On the Admin Center Home main page (not sidebar) click on "Objects and rules" -- this opens "Ticket Forms" (why this???) page in ZD support tab.
B) On the Admin Center side bar under "Objects and rules", click on "Triggers" -- this opens the Trigger page in ZD support tab. This is true whether I click on "Triggers" under Object and rules section or in the Recently Viewed section
I'll comment on the design only, not the functionality in the admin applications.
I'll just agree the importance of the Views, Triggers, Automation, Users (team members) pages in daily admin tasks, I feel for me those are often accessed and I see plenty room for improvements there.
That said I thing the new Admin Center design is good. I prefer the new UI over the old one. Here are some good points for me:
- It's very welcome admin is moved to a separate UI.
- Items are more logically grouped, I think.
- I like there is a separate favicon that doesn't inherit the brand icon, it makes it easier to see which tab is the "product tab, i.e. Support" and which is the Admin one.
Feedback on "Recently reviewed"
I'd like two improvements to the Recently Viewed feature.
1. Keeps too few items and therefore forget the items I need while I'm doing common admin tasks
Recently Viewed shows 5 items. That might sound like plenty, but if the idea is that it should keep a handy shortlist of the items you'd need for a typical "admin task", I find it's too few most of the time.
I typically need to acces more than 5 items most of the time within the same task session, and I often jump around between them at any order.
For example, I might typically access within a admin task session:
- Views
- Groups
- Triggers
- Forms
- Ticket Fields
- Macros
- Zendesk Support Apps
So that's 7. I'd like if the Recently Viewed is a bit generous how many item it remembers.
For me, I'd like 8 or 10. I wouldn't need more than for a single session, and to many I feel like it would lose its purpose. But the current limit I just about pass every time, and I have to navigate in the full sidebar menu.
2. Don't auto-collapse Recently viewed after access
I don't understand the design choice here to be honest.
Every time I want to access a Recently viewed item, I need to click on it, and then click on the item within that list.
I don't like this because:
- If its collapsed, I can't see which my recent items are. (I need to click it to first see if it's in the list.)
- It's an extra click, this annoys me. (I just want to quickly navigate to get my task done, that extra click interrupts me in my work.)
If I access the Recently viewed - just keep it open for me, so I can do quick navigation, that's the purpose of it, right?
@... and @... about the Zendesk QuickTab chrome addon.
I agree that it's a bit annoying now, will this behavior disappear once the legacy Admin Center part (that lives in 2 places now) are fully moved from the old location?
@... what I did (while waiting for the Admin Center to be removed from Support, at which point I hope this issue disappear, though I might be wrong), is I switched state from "all agent links" to "just ticket links" while doing some admin task, did you try that?
I agree that doesn't fully resolve it, since I typically want to open User and Organization objects in the same tab as well, i.e. use QuickTab there, but at least I access the tickets this way, that's the most common Item for me I access with QuickTab.
Thanks, Joel, for some reason the current version of QuickTab (installed a few months ago on a new machine / browser) doesn't include these options (actually it has no extension options available). Quicktab was removed from the store for many months, and AFAICT when it was put back in (by ZD rather than the original author), it was different. Or maybe this is because I'm using Edge these days, not Chrome.
@... I agree with Joel's comments on "Recently Viewed".
@... just to make sure, did you click the extension's icon when you where on browsing your *.zendesk.com/agent url?
I think they made a change in a new version some time back, so the extension options are active when you are actually on your support agent pages. E.g. I can left-click the extension's icon when I'm at my Zendesk Support instance and the options I screenshot:ed, but when I'm browsing the new Admin Center, clicking it doesn't offer the options.
Brilliant, Joel, thank you, that does the trick for the extension, and it resolves my original complaint! (Though I still wonder why this is an issue for triggers but not for Macros and Views.)
I haven't had much chance to look at everything just yet, but would really like it if in the schedule view, expired holidays would just not show anymore. Similar to how deactivated macros or forms live on a separate tab.
I just used the Audit Log.
It's OK, BUT may I suggest to let us filter for an object, too - so I can see quickly who changed a name of an agent who has married, but did not change the Mail Address and then created an end user with the same name and the new address.
This gives me the opportunity to show the admin who did that how to do it right. If I can only filter by actor as it is at this time, I need to have a pretty clear suspicion who did this - or waste time to find it out.
Thanks for listening
Peter
I believe someone earlier mentioned the views. I agree. I search for views in the admin center, and when I open them, it becomes an additional browser tab with support loaded. If I want to go back to Admin Center, I have to open an additional (3rd) tab.
Also, the ID for triggers, automations and macros is crucial to us. We use them to track usage and identify tickets recently impacted by them.
Overall, I like have a dedicated Admin panel. I like the look of it and how things are organized.
Search is nice and fits with the way Zendesk works in other areas.
I Really like the Idea of the "Recently Viewed", but wish it stayed open and did not auto collapse.
Most of the setting I used worked as expected, except for "Automations". I was able to navigate to the automation I wanted to edit, but once done, I could not find a way to navigate back to the list without clicking on something else and then back to Automations.
Though there are a lot of things I like about the Admin Center, It feels unfinished. There seems to be missing steps here and there. There are also tasks that seem to be a lot more clicks than they used to be.
Our instance has connected SSO, and so adding a user as an agent requires a search in the main support, where I can change them to "Staff", but have to click the link to open the user directly in Admin Center to set as agent, then go back to the user page in support, refresh the page, set the permissions level and then add them to the proper groups. It would be nice to be able to do all that in the admin center. If that is already possible, it is not obvious.
Thanks for your feedback on the new Team members page preview @..., @... and @....
It's great that you've being using it and providing feedback before it moves from the preview to the default experience.
Here's my update on your feedback.
1. Ability to search the Team members list > We've heard this from a number of customers and we're working on it now
2. Display roles for a Team member in the list > We've heard this one a lot too. We'll add it before the new Team members page becomes the default experience.
A question for you - unlike the list you see in Support which displays the Support role, in Admin Center the new Team members list is for all products. So we could show up to 7 roles for each Team member. Any feedback on what's most important?
3. @... I'm keen to understand more about the seat usage and what you need here. Let me know if it's ok for me to email you directly.
Regards,
Tom Dupuche
Senior Product Manager - Team and License management
Zendesk
@...
2. There should only be one Role per person, e.g. Administrator, Light agent. That's what we need to see in order to be able to manage access.
Also, it would be quite helpful if it showed their Groups, although I understand this could be a large list, so maybe a hover-over would be good.
3. Yes, feel free to contact me directly. The idea is essentially: This is the page where we manage access for all agents. For example, in order to be able to understand if we have enough licenses to convert someone from a light agent to a full agent, we need to be able to see quickly how many seats are remaining. How it is at the moment with (X of X seats used) is perfect at a glance.
Please sign in to leave a comment.
54 Comments**Monthly 9 monthly payments of ₹2051 at an interest rate of 14% paper annum. Total interest paid to bank: ₹1032.
1GB = 1 billion bytes; actual formatted capacity less.
Subscription required for Apple TV+ and Apple Arcade.
The Apple TV Remote is compatible with Apple TV 4K and Apple TV HD.
Not all content is available in 4K or 4K HDR. 4K resolution requires 4K-capable TV. Accessing Dolby Atmos features requires a Dolby Atmos–capable system. Playback quality will depend on hardware and internet connection.
Services are not available in all countries or regions and are subject to change.
We use your location to show you delivery options faster. We found your location using your IP address or because you entered it during a previous visit to Apple.Look at this out, a fun and great way of telling you why tables to get layout suck! (insert web page url here)
Fully explains everything, even if you could have never written a new block of code before!
That’s a normal write-up… I first saw it a couple of years ago. Still excellent, though.
A couple of years huh Yeah, yet you’ve seen anything!: -p
It’s actually a great technique to get teaching, using bits at the same time. I just thought it could be nice for beginners to getting a grip with tableless array, and see why, not just how.Sterling StingRay Ray4 Mint Green
The.
Our left handed Ray4 is available in Vintage Sunburst Satin with a maple fretboard.We have always believed in providing best quality products to our clients. Backed by stringent quality control measures, our quality monitoring professionals & in-house designing section allow us to deliver our range of machines as per international standards. These are made using quality raw material like Austen steels, PVDF coated-mild steels, stainless steel, iron, alloy and die cast metal which are tested in our modern in-house quality assurance lab. Besides this, our technicians and supervisors leave no stone unturned to make sure to ensure quality standards throughout the entire production process. Every finished product undergoes further stringent quality checks to ensure that our clients get technically-superior, efficient and reliable machines. We use hardness testers, micrometers and gauges that helps in optimum performance oriented machines, ensuring zero defects.
We manufacture high precision and dependable centrifugal machines that are versatile in use and are widely accepted by the industry for their high-productivity and output. We have successfully catered to national and international clients and won their trust through professional services, superior quality of our range and competitive market prices. Apart from this, we also provide After Sales support to our clients in terms of Installation and Operational Training which is widely appreciated by our clients. Also due to our large installed capacity wherein we are able to manufacture huge consignments with less turnaround time, we are able to cater to our vast clientele within the stipulated time period which is why we are the first choice for our customers for our range of products.As anticipated, the FCC has voted to approve the use of wireless airwaves between TV channels -- so-called "white spaces" -- for Internet devices.
The ruling is a victory for companies like Google (GOOG), Motorola (MOT), and Microsoft (MSFT), who want to be able to access the airwaves for Internet gadgets and services. Even better: They'll be able to do so on an "unlicensed" basis, meaning they won't have to spend money on wireless spectrum licenses -- like the wireless industry spent $19 billion on this year.
"Today, the FCC is making both a small step and a giant leap," FCC commissioner Robert McDowell reportedly said. "It is a prudent and cautious order."
And a paraphrase of FCC Chairman Kevin Martin's remarks, from journalist Drew Clark, who's been tweeting the meeting:
This spectrum allows devices to penetrate walls, etc. This has the ability to jump-start broadband. Consumers will have access to devices they have only dreamed about. Small communications networks will come into being, he said.
Likewise, it's probably bad news for wireless companies like AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and Sprint (S), which should get new competition. (Unless they act fast and dominate that part of the telecom industry, too.)
Don't expect any revolutionary new gadgets or services using the airwaves any time soon: We anticipate lots more testing ahead -- the FCC will have to carefully test and approve devices so they don't interfere with TV broadcasts, wireless microphones, etc. And then gadget and Internet companies will need to figure out what, exactly is going to use the new airwaves, business models for who will offer Internet access, how much it'll cost, etc.
But either way, a victory for consumers, who could use more choices for Internet access.
See Also:
Today's Other Big Vote: FCC To Decide On 'Wi-Fi On Steroids'
FCC Approves Sprint's $14.5 Billion Clearwire WiMax Deal
FCC Approves Verizon's $28 Billion Alltel Deal
Branded video is a phenomenon that has taken the business world by storm lately. Companies want to break out of the norm and go beyond the usual advertising noise to tell powerful stories that really resonate with people around the world. The great thing about branded videos is that they are accessible to everyone. You don’t have to be creative to create compelling content. All you need is a clear direction, a clear story and some great images to get noticed in your chosen market.
The importance of branding in advertising
Let’s first talk about the importance of branding itself. Why do we think this is important for your business?
Branding is about the impression you leave on your customers. It is therefore very important that you leave the right impression on your target group. So how can we achieve this? Target group analysis and branding strategies by digital marketing agencies can help.
If you carefully analyze your target audience and build a strong brand based on this information, you will be able to impress people at first sight. This way, potential customers can quickly become existing customers. This means you can spend less on advertising campaigns and have a higher success rate. To achieve this goal, however, you need to create a brand identity.
Building a brand identity
When you start building your brand identity, you need to have a clear brand idea and brand positioning, and then use the various elements of your brand strategy to bring them to life.
But let’s start with an idea. Why do we need a corporate identity? As competition increases in most industries, marketing is becoming more and more aggressive. As a result, people are tired of countless attempts to sell something. To attract an audience, you need to show that you are not just a salesman. You need to show that you have a clear position on a specific topic in your area of expertise and that you are committed to changing the world.
People will want to buy from you if they feel that you share the same values as they do and that by buying, you are joining a community of people with similar attitudes and values. In other words, creating a community around your brand is part of creating an identity.
In short, brand identity is like a person’s identity. And once you’ve defined your company’s identity, it’s time to think about the specific tools you’ll use for your branding.
Elements of a brand strategy
A brand strategy is essentially made up of the positions described in the previous section. The tone with which these positions are expressed and the visual elements used to illustrate the point of view also contribute to the brand image. Now let’s look at the various elements of branding in detail.
- It is very important that you know your target audience. If you have a clear picture of your “ideal customer”, you can understand their values and interests and know what language they use to communicate with potential customers – not just as a manager, but as a friend.
- The tone should be appropriate for the target audience. You must first analyze how your target audience expresses itself. Then you can decide whether you are speaking as a friend, as an expert, or as a potential business partner. With these two parameters in mind, you can develop your own tone.
- Your company colors and fonts also influence the impression you leave with your customers. This is the first visual element to consider and its importance should not be underestimated. Colors and fonts should be in harmony with the overall concept and emphasize the individuality of your company, but should not distract from it.
- Graphics is an essential tool in your branding strategy. The images you use determine the style of your brand from the audience’s perspective. They should all be designed in the same style and each image should have a different purpose.
- Today, videos are even more important than graphics for branding. Videos can be used for almost any purpose, such as to supplement or replace illustrations. In addition, video is the most multipurpose tool, as it can be combined with all other elements such as tone, colors, fonts, and graphics.
The role of video in branding
The importance of video in today’s marketing and branding campaigns should not be. Underestimated. Video is the most popular form of content: Over 80% of consumers say they would rather watch a video than read a text message and that a video has convinced them to buy.
From a branding perspective, video is more memorable than text or still images. It grabs people’s attention and holds it. Videos can also convey information through text, storytelling, and visuals. In addition, videos can be accompanied by trendy music to make your video more popular.Photor’s 1928 “How Long How Long Blues,” found its most success ful proponent in Brown, who in turn deeply influenced several generations of R&B performers, from Floyd Dixon and Ray Charles to Sam Cooke; Cooke’s 1960 “Bring It On Home to Me” is a direct extension of Brown’s 1959 “I Want To Go Home.” His impact was far-reaching: Atlantic Records co-founder Ahmet Ertegun cites Brown’s ’s One More for the Road up to his most recent Verve titles, he cut a series of stunningly perfect albums that completely outstripped his classic late-’40s–early-’50s recordings. Laden with atmosphere, emotionally charged yet never florid, each was a masterpiece of low-key expression.
That’s no small feat, as Brown’s string of postwar hits — among them “Drifting Blues” (which he had written as a teenager, and which went on to sell hundreds of thousands of copies, becoming Cashbox’s top R&B record of 1946); “Trouble Blues,” No. 1 in ’49; “Black Night,” No. 1 in ’51 — were some of the day’s most finely wrought rhythm & blues. 1949’s “Merry Christmas, Baby” became a perennial after it went to No. 9 on the R&B charts and was subsequently reissued the following year and again in 1954 — come December, you’ll still find it on jukeboxes in black neighborhoods across the country.
Brown first made his mark in wartime Los Angeles as pianist with Johnny Moore’s ‘Drifting Blues’ came out, the birthrate shot up 90 percent!”
As a blues singer, Brown conveyed a sense of abject desolation; he was an inconsolable everyman who cut to the very heart of that most common life experience: misery. Brown’s’s’s ist’s he’ll be posthumously inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame next month further underscores the enormity of this loss.Version Affected: All
Description:
Error log shows "Encryption.DecryptRSAUTF8 exception: Object reference not set to an instance of an object."
This can be accompanied by a loss of functionality or the realm may work perfectly but the error still occurs.
It should be noted that the more common version of this error DecryptRSAUTF8-exception-Keyset-does-not-exist can be seen here
Cause:
We use the License Cert, as shown in the license info section of the System Info tab to do the encryption/decryption of important values within the Web.Config
1. Values have been encrypted into the Web.config using License Cert X
2. The License Cert has been changed to License Cert Y
3. Most values have been recreated since then and re-encrypted using License Cert Y
4. There is a remaining value or values that haven't been cleared/re-entered since the change of cert.
Resolution:
Assuming you've settled on the final cert, you'll need to go an update all of the secure values that we can store in the Web.config
These are
1. FbaUser password as set on the Workflow tab
2. Api Key/Secret as set on the API tab
3. Oracle and SQL Connection Strings set on the Data tab
4. Web Service password set on the Data tab
5. Any other Passwords (such as AD/ADLDS etc) set on the Data tab
Special Considerations:
Please note, just because a value is not currently visible on the data tab, doesn't mean it hasn't previously been set. For example, if you original setup an AD Connection but have now swapped to Web Service instead, the old AD password will still be saved so you'd need to update this and/or blank it.Slovak Telekom's Branimir Maric on Next-Gen Networks, FTTH & 5G
Slovak Telekom and T-Mobile Czech Republic Chief Technology and Information Officer Branimir Maric is using his more than two decades' experience in telco, including 15 years in various management roles, as the basis for his opinion on how the transition to fiber-to-the-home and 5G will be long and challenging.
This transformation is, after all, one of the largest the industry faces in 20 years. And its impact will be far-reaching and eventful throughout industries, economies and countries. It's a topic Maric has pondered extensively and plans to discuss during a presentation during Broadband World Forum in Amsterdam, October 15-17 October.
Broadband World News: Telecoms is set for its biggest network overhaul in over 20 years. How do you view its previous years of transition?
Branimir Maric: Over the last five to ten years, telcos have been working a lot on promoting some new and flashy customer-attractive technologies -- things like 4G, IoT, NFV, cloudification, etc. -- which have gained a lot of media and market attention. At the same time, unbeknownst to many on the outside, they were also transforming themselves. Sometimes these transformational changes looked easy to implement, but actually were quite difficult and demanding. For example, many telcos have had difficulties in transforming their legacy networks like PSTN/SDH, and I would say that this is only the tip of the iceberg. Typically, even the non-incumbent telcos (like MNOs) have a deep legacy of technical debt in NT and IT platforms and processes that have to be transformed. Simultaneously, there was pressure to innovate with network functions virtualization or cloud infrastructures and digitize IT. Doing transformation and innovation at the same time was one of the most difficult things for the telcos in this existing transition.
BBWN: With such a range of techs like 5G, WiFi 6 and 10G PON, where do you think the future of next-generation networks lies?
BM: I think next-generation networks will be all about FTTH and 4G/5G combination. In the next five years I predict we will see the beginning of the transition from metallic access networks to fiber access networks and 4G/5G. What kind of access will be built, or will be made available in a particular area, will depend on a number of socio-economical, legislative and technology factors, but I think most of the telcos will try to roll out or get access to as much fiber as possible, much deeper in their topologies than they used to. These will be driven by both FTTH and 4G/5G customer-related demand.
We will definitely see the sun setting on DSL technologies, even though VDSL will survive midterm -- but not longer. I think there is also going to be no regret moving to 10G PON for all operators who will be deploying new FTTH coverage in the next three to five years. I also believe symmetrical 10G PON might become of wider interest for mobile and B2B use cases. I don’t think 5G will be a credible single-access platform for nationwide fixed coverage in the next five years or so; rather, it will be a supplemental access technology when it comes to fixed wireless use cases. Today, some of the economic aspects of deploying 5G are quite disturbing I have to say, and whether or not 5G communities will overcome that remains to be seen.
BBWN: What is driving the demand for fixed-wireless access?
BM: Clearly, it's driven by a lack of high quality or higher speed fixed broadband coverage, but also by increased convergence of fixed and mobile services (FMC). This runs true especially in countries with no clear FTTH focus or strategy. But even in countries with such a strategy, there are always white spots that are difficult to cover by FTTC or FTTH -- or even basic ADSL. Many telcos in the European Union have built pretty good 4G networks with wide coverage, something often mandated by the government in auction conditions. If such 4G networks are not overly utilized, which could be the case, they see their chance in selling the spare capacity as FWA. The problem starts to appear after a while when FWA traffic becomes the main driver for the capacity upgrade of 4G. Also, many providers, especially MNOs, have seen FWA as a way to compete in FMC or fixed areas, even if they do not own a fixed line infrastructure.
BBWN: Building on that, what technologies are vital to ensuring connection quality?
BM: Well, it is a lot about ensuring the right kind of customer experience in areas where this is important. Technologies that are relevant to manage it these days are the likes of LTE Customer Assurance tools, RAN Quality of Service management, RAN policy control, fiber backhaul, remote management for FWA CPEs, inter- and intra-site mobile traffic steering, big data and so forth.
BBWN: How do you envision 5G and FWA working together in the future?
BM: 5G is here to help 4G battle some of most congested areas that are typically being driven by FWA usage. I think many of the highly congested cells will be the first ones that will experience upgrades to C-band or mm wavelength bands on 5G in the short term. Economics of it will, however, remain difficult midterm. I see 5G in many other areas, also in low and mid band frequency spectrum, rather as an evolution of 4G.
BBWN: Finally, is the industry moving fast enough to develop and deploy these solutions? If not, what would be your call to action for the industry?
BM: Well, I think that the transition to FTTH and 5G is going to be a long and difficult -- especially with FTTH, where the rollout is more like a marathon then a regular race. FTTH construction is at best going to be a one to two-decade-long endeavor in many countries, one quite sensitive to red tape and legislation hurdles, with many different operational challenges that operators must overcome. Some countries were smart enough to construct a wide infrastructure of pipes and ducts in the old days, which they can now reuse for FTTH. These are typically those countries that are now leading the FTTH pack and where rollouts have been executed in five to seven years by heavy reusage of existing duct infrastructure. They are also talking a lot about decommissioning of metallic or copper access networks.
Decreasing red tape and creating strict timing response obligations for all communal participants to accelerate the legislation process would be a major help in the context of FTTH construction. 5G is seen by many as a quick win substitute for FTTH, precisely because of avoidance of these issues. However, in order for this to be a reality, overall economics of 5G deployment needs to be much better in areas such as 5G RAN hardware and software costs, frequency fees, MMIMO antenna energy efficiencies, availability of cheap fiber backhaul and 5G CPE costs.
WANT TO SEE BRANIMIR MARIC AT BBWF? SAVE 20% ON YOUR DELEGATE PASS!
Joining experts from Hyperoptic, the Wireless Broadband Association and Assia, Branimir will be taking to the stage to discuss Fixed Wireless Access and shine a light on how operators balance demands from FWA with meeting customer needs, the synergies between FWA and 5G, how organisations can remain flexible and dynamic to market changes, and more...
Use the link below and you'll receive an exclusive 20% for reading our speaker interview!
We are very excited to announce that Governor Tom Wolf will sign Daniel’s Law (HB 853) at the Scott Township Volunteer Fire Department in New Castle tomorrow at 1:30 pm.
Daniel’s Law was created in honor of Daniel Gallatin who was killed when a distracted driver hit him from behind and dragged both Daniel and his motorcycle under her vehicle for quite a distance. The driver of the vehicle that hit Gallatin admitted to texting while driving with not just one person, but two people. The driver only served 60 days in prison and 60 days of incarceration with work release. In addition, she only paid a $50 fine for texting and driving and a $200 fine for reckless driving.
Mary-Lou Gallatin, the widow of Daniel Gallatin, along with her daughter Michelle Gallatin-Baughman has been leading the fight for changes to the distracted driving laws since Daniel’s untimely death in May 2013.
Current Pennsylvania law imposes a $50 fine for texting while driving and does not carry any penalty license points. Daniel’s Law will bring the penalties for texting while driving in line with the penalties for drunk driving such as aggravated assault while under the influence or homicide by vehicle.
Texting while driving makes it 23 times more likely to be involved in an automobile accident. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation, in 2015 there were 66 fatalities caused by distracted driving, and more than 300 fatalities in the past five years, including Daniel Gallatin.Day for Life 2015: Cherishing Life, Accepting Death October on the theme ‘Cherishing Life, Accepting Death’.
Day for… Lord God, whose days are without end and whose mercies beyond counting, keep us mindful that life is short and the hour of death unknown. Let your Spirit guide our days on earth in the ways of holiness and justice, that we may serve you in union with the whole Church, sure in faith, strong in hope, perfected in love. And when our earthly journey is ended, lead us rejoicing into your kingdom, where you live for ever and ever. .800.225.2610
Healthcare professionals, please sign in to see your contract pricing on this product.
There are restrictions on this product. For assistance please contact us.
Allen® Manual Lift Beach Chair Accessories
Counter Traction Brace stabilizes patient for shoulder manipulation. Easy-Lock Socket recommended (sold separately).
Counter Traction Pad supports the patient while they are being shifted during surgery. Easy-Lock Socket or Clark Socket Plus sold separately.How to Prepare Your Home Air Conditioner for Summer
With the hot summer days closer than ever, now is your last chance to make sure that your air conditioner is ready for another season. If you wait too long, you could end up having to deal with costly HVAC repairs right at the time when you need your air conditioner working the most. Here are a couple of simple tips from the experts that you can take care of on your own to help get your HVAC systems in Altoona, PA ready to make it through another summer.
Clean filters
Many homeowners don’t realize just how damaging dirty air filters can be to their HVAC system, but one of the easiest pieces of maintenance you can do for your air conditioner is also one that can have the biggest impact. If your air filter isn’t changed often enough, your system will have to work that much harder to continue to deliver the desired temperature to your home. Additionally, this sullied air could also be blowing in to your home and affecting your family’s air quality. Changing your air filter at least once a month can help play a role in keeping your entire air conditioning system running smoothly all summer long.
Condensation lines
Another portion of air conditioning maintenance that also slips under many homeowners’ radars is the condition of the lines that carry condensation away from the air conditioner. These condensation lines can often become clogged, and can back up in to your HVAC system and even your home. To avoid the need for major repairs, check to make sure the condensation line is draining properly at the exit site.
The outside unit
After a long winter, even with the use of a cover, the outside unit of your air conditioner is likely to have collected a moderate amount of dust and debris. Clean the exterior of the unit, and gently clean the coils and steel fins as well to make sure all dirt has been removed. It is also a good idea to make sure the area around the unit remains clear at all times by cutting the grass and raking up any excess leaves, as this can also have an effect on the performance of your system.
Not only will these measures help your air conditioner run more efficiently all summer long, but they can potentially help you save money on your energy bills as well. Fortunately, there is still time to whip your air conditioner into shape, and your best defense against an air conditioner breakdown and expensive HVAC repair in Altoona, PA is with regular routine maintenance.
Here at Caporuscio Plumbing & Heating Inc., we can create a regular maintenance schedule with routine checkups so that your HVAC system is able to operate smoothly all year. To make sure your air conditioner makes it through another season, give us a call today to schedule a consultation. We look forward to putting our decades of experience to use in keeping your home and family cool and comfortable this summer!
Categorised in: HVAC Repair, HVAC SystemsMaala – Business for Social Responsibility
(Unverified non-profit organisation)
Maala – Business for Social Responsibility, a non-profit membership organisation, is Israel’s leading advocate on corporate values and citizenship. Maala serves as an advocate, consultant, educator and facilitator, encouraging corporations to identify opportunities for community involvement, promoting environmentally sound practices, social accountability and reporting.Freddie Records is home to music superstars such as Grammy® winners The Legends, Solido, Elida Reyna Y Avante and more. Tejano icon and six-time Grammy® winner Jimmy Gonzalez Y Grupo Mazz, as well as Jay Perez, Los Palominos, Masizzo, Albert Zamora, La Fiebre, Lucky Joe, Vidal, David Olivarez, and Zamorales also call Freddie Records home.
The latest music from Freddie Records, featuring the top artists in Tejano, Mexican Regional, Norteño and much more. Search our catalog for some of the best albums sold exclusively on freddiestore.comIs there any way to get rid of Bermuda crabgrass?
+1Answered
Apparently, the people we purchased our home from planted it instead of grass. We haven't found anything that works. Believe me, we have tried everything we have found. It is taking over our raised beds and squeezing out our garden. Horrible stuff.
4 answers
Jo Ellyn Bach on Jun 07, 2017We have Bermuda too, because of the heat. My understanding is you have to take out all the Bermuda and plant or sod with new grass.. Otherwise B will take over everything and you'll have patchy clumps of tall and short, messy looking lawn.Helpful Reply
Lisa L Smith on Jun 07, 2017if you truly want to kill it....Roundup kills everything it touches.Helpful Reply
Martha on Jun 09, 2017So far, Roundup hasn't done a thing.Helpful Reply
Martha on Jun 09, 2017What we are trying the hardest to do is clear the area around the gardens. It is the most invasive plant I've ever seen. Chokes out our garden plants.Helpful ReplyConnecting facebook and twitter to your wordpress blog?
- christinarule last edited by
Does anyone know a good plugin for connecting facebook and twitter to your wordpress blog? I’d like it so when i make a new post on my blog it automatically displays on my facebook/twitter
- DanDeceuster last edited by
You are thinking of Facebook widgets, you can find them here:
This allows you to post content from Facebook to other sites, so what you are looking for should be there.
- FergusonSEO last edited by
Is there a plugin or service like Twitterfeed that will post your Facebook updates to your wordpress blog?
- FergusonSEO last edited by
This is a great answer, I was in need of this exact type of service. Kudos!
- DanDeceuster last edited by
You don't want a wordpress plugin. You want to go to twitterfeed.com. here you create an account, tell them where your rss feed is located, and then it automatically checks your feed every hour for new entries. If there is something new, it will post it to twitter, facebook or other social sites in the format you request. I use it for all my wordpress sites, works great.
One formatting issue, you do have to make sure your feed has a date and time. This is how it checks for new content. I would recommend getting your feed on feedburner first, then registering it with twitter.The Blueberry Ice Mixed Berries features a 280mAh battery that lasts over 300 puffs. It also has 1.3mL Liquid of Nicotine Salt.
The Blueberry Ice Puff Bar flavor tastes like a summer day with a fresh and cool hint of Blueberry Ice on your tongue.
CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION 65 – Warning: This product contains nicotine, a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Our communication experts use our knowledge, research, Relationships and digital marketing skills to create strategies that turn heads.
VIEW ALL SERVICES
We love creating digital ads. Whether they are on social media, a review platform or on Google, we are able to create full-scale digital ad campaigns.
VIEW ALL SERVICES
In this crisis-driven marketplace, there is no substitute for our experience, our pace and our integrated multi-stakeholder strategies. We are on call 24/7 offering senior support and streamlined crisis planning.
VIEW ALL SERVICES
A to Z brand development and everything in between. This is our creative powerhouse. We help brands visualize and create new identities, and design assets for print and digital distribution.
View all services
When coupled with Social WiFi and Digital Advertising, email marketing can be one of the most powerful marketing channels for your business.
View all services
GET THE FULL PICTURE
Still unsure if we're the right fit? We've compiled all of our service offerings in one beautiful capabilities deck. Download it. Email it. Print it. Frame it. Get it tattooed?
A BIT OF OUR WORK
You have to see if for yourself. View our portfolio of graphic design and branding work that our creative team has developed over the years.
THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING
Blue Door’s Public Relations and Digital Marketers have provided strategic counsel for a wide variety of companies in several service areas.
Our case studies will be published soon!
"They are a huge part of our success"
“I have had the pleasure to work with Blue Door since 2017, at this point I consider Aaron and Anthony as part of my management team, I copy them in all important communication because I value their feedback very much. Their ability to take our message and translate it in a way that is engaging and meaningful to our guests is an asset to our organization. I consider Laura to be my business partner, rarely I make difficult decisions without consulting with her first. As an organization, Blue Door goes above and beyond for their clients, they are a huge part of our success”
- Cesar Mesen, The Pint Public House, Toronto
THEY DO IT ALL
"We first had the opportunity to work alongside Blue Door for a product launch, and were quickly impressed. Very shortly after, we hired them to set up and run the Social Wifi in all our locations, as well as to create our monthly newsletters. They are organized, efficient and extremely knowledgeable of best practices. With BlueDoor’s connections and expertise, they guided us in setting up a retail partnership with Longo’s which has been very successful. One of the best things about BlueDoor is that they do it all - from crisis management to PR to event planning - we trust BlueDoor completely."
"EXPANDED OUR FRANCHISE"
“We worked with the Blue Door team for two years on Public Relations and Digital Marketing. We found the Blue Door team to be organized, communicative, and always responsive. During the two years that we worked with Blue Door, we expanded our franchise from 4 stores to 12 stores. We had a great experience and would recommend their services.”
THE PERFECT PARTNERSHIP
"Since our first introductory meetings, I was impressed with Blue Door. They operate very atypically for an agency. They are rooted in strategy and obviously a deep expertise in food and beverage. Laura and Brody are the perfect partnership. Laura is an absolute powerhouse – confident, strategic, well connected, well researched. She is able to jump into any situation and move quickly. She is calm and structured while also creative and innovative. Brody brings digital strategy to the next level. Vastly knowledgeable in digital and social not only from a technical perspective but also from a strategic and creative one. I have never worked with a more responsive agency who deeply connected into our business. Ultimately, they are results focused – and they produce them!"
THEY ARE FANTASTIC PARTNERS
We love working with Blue Door. They are fantastic partners and have been very valuable in connecting us with the media, the restaurant community and some great sponsorships.
THEY'VE GOT THEIR FINGER ON THE PULSE
Blue Door has always been a pleasure to work with. They’ve got their finger on the pulse when it comes to the restaurant space and all things Toronto, and are extremely well connected. Their creative and fun ideas have helped build us an engaged community in Toronto through unique events, customized outreach, and strategic collaborations. Their connections consistently secure press for Virtuous Pie and keep us top of mind in Toronto’s restaurant scene. Thanks Kate, Colette, Laura and the team!
Notable Rebrands of 2020/2021
How Peloton is Piggybacking on the 2021 Tokyo Olympics
Strategic Advisor, 2020 TedxToronto
We're excited to announce that Blue Door is now a Strategic Advisory Partner with @TEDxToronto! We will be working closely with TEDxToronto as trusted advisors over the coming year, in support of their mission to spread ideas, build community, and change lives across the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area.edit: wrong thread
they're staying- Crimsoninja
dan, i was in close proximity to the lovely Veda Scott this evening
- Crimsoninja
- watsonnostaw
I've not heard of Angelfire.
must be a repackaged diva- dt99999
how embarrassing- -davies-
Wow, that is some impressive mid-to-low-level skanking right there.- nfph
Merck buys Cubist for $9.5 billion- watsonnostaw
I saw that - 8-1 equity to debt ratio, more or less on that buy out, I am in the wrong line of business.- nfph
first order of business is to shutdown the entire canada operations of cubist and relocate it state side
that is the new world order, merck will not invest in research, they will just buy a company that does all the leg work first- watsonnostaw
I hear there's some nice office space in Ireland they could pretend to operate out of.- nfph
Most.- watsonnostaw
See now I wanna know the wrong way to serve macadamia nuts.- nfph
they have a 1000000 sq ft building in whitehouse station nj that will have more maintenance workers than actual employees by summer- watsonnostaw
And now reports of unusual trade spikes in options the month and weeks leading up to the acquisition.- nfph
Local media reports said that a junior attendant had offered Ms Cho macadamia nuts in a bag, instead of serving the nuts on a plate.
- watsonnostawAGES 3+
Each sold separately. Ships in randomly selected, assorted colours based on availability.
Bring your loyal friend with you anywhere you like. These little pups are small enough to fit in your pocket.
Product name: Pocket Pups
Manufacturer number: PPUP
Mastermind number: 209544
Shipping weight (lbs): 0.15
Package dimensions (inches): 3.75 x 3 x 1.5
Country of Origin: ChinaA Real Elopement Story: Mike + Jennie
More than fifty years ago, (June 12, 1962), my parents eloped in what remains my favorite wedding story of all time.
My mom had met my dad's sister Rose in beauty college, and the two became fast friends, Auntie Rose often bringing Mom home to Rollingwood where she lived with her parents and her two younger brothers. Soon the whole family was fond of my mother, and Grandma and Auntie Rose began conspiring to set her up with my dad, who was away in the service. They sent him a picture of Mom and suggested they meet when he was home on leave, and Dad -- who had been effortlessly attracting women since grade school according to Aunt Rose -- figured, why not? He arrived on time to pick up his date, and the instant he saw her, my father knew: my mother was the girl he was going to marry.
"You remember what Mommy was wearing?" I squealed the first time I heard the story.
"Yes, I remember. She was looking down, tucking her blouse into the waistband of her pedal pushers as she walked towards the door, and when she looked up, I knew I was a goner."
"What was Daddy wearing?" I asked my mom in full swoon.
"How am I supposed to remember? It was decades ago!" Clearly my father is the romantic in the family.
Anyway, Mom and Dad dated for three whole weeks before my father proposed. Now, if I ever accepted a proposal from a sailor I'd known for less than a month, my father would kill me ("That's right!" he agrees), but according to Mom, "I already knew his family, plus your father was really cute and he smelled really good." After the proposal, Dad left for Guam for his final 18 months in the service, and Mom devoted herself to writing letters to her beloved across the sea. Dad sent her a record with the song "Navy Blue" by Diane Renay on it, a record my sister and I would wear out singing along to until someone (I'm pleading the fifth) accidentally sat on it and broke it.
Blue, navy blue, I'm as blue as I can be / 'Cause my steady boy said, "Ship ahoy," / and joined the Nay-ay-vee.
When the year and a half was up, my mom took the bus to stay with Dad's family and visit her fiancé; she'd since left the area to move back home with her parents while she recovered from surgery, so the visit was only meant to be for a few days. But when Dad took her to the airport for her return flight home, he had a sudden inspiration: Instead of leaving, she could run away and elope with him that night! When Mom pointed out that her luggage was already on the plane, Dad told her he'd buy her whatever she needed… and Mother agreed.
"What were you thinking?" I admonished at this point. "You didn't even have jobs! And all of Mommy's stuff was being flown back home."
"I knew your father would get a job eventually," Mom blithely responded. "Besides, we'd had drinks at the airport, so I wasn't thinking clearly."
Back in Rollingwood, my wayward parents told Grandma and Grandpa that "Jennie missed her plane," and they were just killing time until she could catch the next flight. Then Mom went upstairs to borrow a suitcase from Auntie Rose, and Dad set a ladder outside of Auntie's window so they could get the borrowed luggage out of the house and into the car without my grandparents suspecting.
"If you say anything to Mom and Dad, I'll kill you," my father casually informed the high-school age brother who was also on the ladder helping with the escape.
"I wouldn't have said anything anyway," Uncle PeeWee (real name: Larry) told me. "I liked your mother. We all did."
After buying a wedding outfit at the Macy's in Hillsdale, Mom, Dad, Auntie Rose, and Auntie's boyfriend (and soon-to-be husband) George, began the drive to Carson City, Nevada, where my aunt and eventual-uncle served as witnesses for the ceremony. Mom wore a two-piece outfit, a little veiled hat, and a corsage, and Dad wore a sweater and slacks. A photograph exists of the renegade quartet looking impossibly young and slightly shell-shocked standing on the chapel steps, Auntie Rose sporting cat-eye glasses and Uncle George looking inexplicably handsome in a loud argyle sweater. Dad at 22 is tall and thin and indeed very good looking, and Mom at 21 looks fresh-faced and beautiful. No one even knew that the photograph existed until I was leafing through the pages of one of Auntie Rose's albums -- somehow she ended up with the lone photo in existence marking my parents' nuptials.
It has gone into the annals of Oliveira lore that when my dad phoned his parents that night to announce that he was married, my half-asleep grandmother groggily replied, "Okay -- don't keep Rose out all night," before hanging up.
"Who the hell was that?" Grandpa demanded, furious he'd been disturbed in the middle of the night... and as my grandfather glared, the full realization of what she'd just heard hit my grandmother. Hard.
"It was Mike!" she choked amid rising panic. "He said he and Jennie got married in Carson City!"
"What the hell are you talking about?" Grandpa hollered. "He doesn't even have a job! And what about Rose? They can't keep her out all night!"
It turns out that Auntie Rose was on her way back to Rollingwood -- unchaperoned, I might add -- with Uncle George in his car, apparently smart enough to know that staying out all night would not be wise. Mom and Dad honeymooned in Sacramento for a few days before taking the bus back to reality, where they began a life together that's lasted -- for better or for worse -- for five eventful decades.
"And they said it wouldn't last," my mom is fond of saying.
Luckily, "they" were wrong.
Photo: Mike and Jennie Oliveira cut their wedding cake at the post-elopement reception hosted by the sister of the bride after everyone stopped yelling.
UPDATE: According to my father, Auntie Rose DID stay out all night. After arriving in Carson City, the quartet spent the night in a motel -- girls in one room, boys in the other -- and my parents got married the next day. On the way home, Uncle George dropped the newlyweds in Sacramento where they honeymooned at a charming property that upgraded their room to a suite when they heard my folks were freshly married. When Auntie Rose and Uncle George got back to Rollingwood, she announced, "Say hello to your new son-in-law," causing mayhem and panic among my already stressed-out grandparents before she let them off the hook by assuring them she was kidding... and they were so relieved that their only daughter had not also eloped that they forgave her the transgression of staying out all night. The End.
This story first appeared on InsideWeddings.comPrint
Personal Stickers
Cheap & Delivered
Fast
There are no products matching the selection.
92% Of Our Customers Generate Their Instant Custom Printing
Quotation By Free Quotation Engine!
Personal stickers are those stickers which are designed and printed according to personal requirements of clients. However, you have probably printed your own personal adhesive stickers from your own computer word processing program – address labels etc. or when you have finally got around you with personal stickers with a turnaround almost as fast as your desktop printer.
Personal adhesive stickers have a wide range of uses too… whether you run a home based business, lead your school’s PTA, or you are going to plan a wedding, then pre-printed return address personal stickers are very useful. While you may turn to that trusty old word processor and make your own, you may order return address personal stickers that not only feature one of hundreds of graphics to select from but also come in a wide array of fonts and different colors. For thank your cards after weddings, baby showers, bridal showers or birthday parties, you may order your personal return address stickers in order to match your invitation for a neat, coordinated look.
Every Hanukah or Christmas, it is the same thing: you’re surrounded by dozens of gifts, and now you are trying to mark each and every one with a felt tip marker. Of course, the ink smudge, and now your gifts all come from “an ink blob”. Instead of using professionally printed personal adhesive stickersembellish with a holiday graphics and your family name, and your gifts will look as nice on the outside as they do under the wrapping paper. And, no more ink blobs!
Throwing a party in is fun, but it is handwork, and one of the host’s responsibilities is making sure every guest gets their favor bag. The easiest way to mark your party favor bags or individual favors is with personal adhesive stickers. Again, you may get these to match your party invitations for a coordinated party theme. It is an easy to use idea for any kind of party: birthday, baby shower, bridal shower or for the holidays. Moreover, you may place an order for high quality personal wall stickersthat you may customize according to your requirements.
StickerPrinting.co.uk amongst the best online sticker printing companies in UK is offering quality personal stickers, personal adhesive stickers, personal wall stickers and other sticker printing products at low rates not only in UK but also in different other countries. However, you may get personalized stickers from our UK’s leading sticker printing company along with free shipping in all over the UK. So feel free to contact us via live chat or by numbers provided on the top of this page for quality personal adhesiveWe Are FriendsWithYou Book
rizzoli
We Are FriendsWithYou Book
- Publish Date: May 06, 2014
- Format: Hardcover
- Category: Art - Individual Artists - General
- Publisher: Rizzoli
- Trim Size: 9-1/2 x 12-1/2
- Pages: 240
Dear Friends, We are so excited to announce the release of our monograph "We Are FriendsWIthYou", published by Rizzoli. The book spans our first 12 year journey, and features contributions by musician, producer and long time collaborator and friend Pharrell Williams, director, film maker, and spiritual guru Alejandro Jodorowsky, and Dallas Contemporary museum director Peter Doroshenko. Our book launch event will take place at the MOCA Grand Avenue in Los Angeles on May 31 from 3-6pm. Our event will feature a book signing , installation bounce house "Fun House" engineered for all ages, a live sound environment performance by Money Mark, live airbrush pieces created on site by artist Malcolm Stuart, and the debut of the FriendsWithYou/Print All Over Me capsule collection. Special thanks to Ian Luna, Emma Reeves, Maxwell Williams, & Roxane Zargham, our team responsible for helping us achieve this vision.Christmas Signs Wood, Rustic Christmas Decor wood Christmas Block Sign
$21.99
Farm Fresh Christmas TreesThe report stated that building hospitals without mandatory catchment area requirements will lead to an uneven development of healthcare delivery infrastructure. It was also said that affordability of the high cost of technology by healthcare consumers will necessitate significant adaptations to technology in the context of Indian markets. This is especially important in light of the escalating costs of material and equipment.
Hospitals today face limitations due to a number of bureaucratic hurdles in securing clearances for setting up new facilities. Other government policies that hinder growth, according to the study, are a lack of a consistent policy on accreditation of healthcare delivery institutions, arcane rules that prohibit the participation of the private sector in owning and operating medical and paramedical educational institutions and a lack of health statistics which could promote the planning of facilities and low government budget allocation to healthcare.
The study highlighted the extremely high level of optimism among all the participants, with respondents sharing a bright view of the growth potential of the industry in the medium and long term. However, in the short term, 60% of respondents were very bullish, while 40% indicated a medium level of optimism.
Despite the high capital intensity of the industry, most respondents plan a significant scale-up of the delivery infrastructure. This is expected to come from both greenfield and brownfield expansions. A key issue in seeking capital for the expansion plans are the commercial terms that are extended by most commercial banks, since hospitals are perceived to be a part of the real estate industry, as opposed to being part of the infrastructure industry.
Respondents from the private sector also underscored the substantial benefits of encouraging a strong public-private partnership (PPP) model for healthcare delivery and education as a powerful mechanism to improve healthcare delivery. An improved awareness of diseases and prevention, mandatory accreditation of hospitals, and provision of a grading mechanism to rank hospital facilities, were cited as policies that can further consolidate healthcare delivery. The study also said that focus on improving the productivity of employees is an important cost-containment measure. As a part of understanding best practices in recruitment and retention, the respondents highlighted the need for the ongoing training and professional develo-pment to be significantly more important than compensation.
Accelerator Group conducted the study through a survey of CEOs, chief strategy officers and senior management teams of 50 hospitals in India, including industry leaders like Max Healthcare, Fortis Healthcare Limited, Global Hospitals Group.TV reviews: ‘Free Agents’ and ‘Up All Night’ on NBC
NBC, which has long made Thursday the bunker for its comedy, moves into Wednesday this week with a pair of solidly constructed new sitcoms, “Free Agents” and “Up All Night,” about grown-ups in moments of midlife transition. Compared with the metafictions and mockumentaries and postmodern ironies that have come to characterize the Thursday night comedies, they are more reality-based, more particularly concerned with relationships and maturity and, in a less than sentimental way, matters of the heart.
In “Free Agents,” based on a British series of the same name, Hank Azaria plays Alex, a recently divorced sad dad working in a PR firm alongside Kathryn Hahn’s Helen, whose fiancée died a year before. We begin with them rebounded into bed together, uncomfortably. She would like to keep the distance he already considers closed. “You remember all those times before when we didn’t sleep together,” she tells him coolly. “Like that.” But Helen, who is all business at one moment and a wreck the next, has got issues of her own, swigging wine with ABBA on repeat as she roams an apartment dominated by photos of her dead intended.
Although these push-me-pull-you relations form the spine of the narrative, this is also a workplace comedy; all of the regulars are colleagues, led by boss Stephen, played by Anthony Head (reprising a role from the British original), whom you will remember as Giles of Sunnydale. A person who forces intimacies from and upon people he doesn’t actually care about, he massages Alex’s shoulders even as he advises him to “forget about your life” and concentrate on work. Natasha Leggero also stands out as a secretary with attitude. When Azaria asks her to “turn down the sass maybe one little notch,” she replies, “It’s not sass, this is how it is; lions don’t eat deer ‘cause they’re sassy.”
In “Up All Night,” Will Arnett, who has on television played mostly strange men of stunted emotional growth, plays a recognizably real person, married to an equally actual Christina Applegate. As in the lovely late “Samantha Who?” Applegate is a woman whose wild days and reckless nights are largely behind her, though here it is the presence of a new, seemingly unplanned baby daughter and not a case of amnesia that has reset her life. Both long for the time when “we were world-class idiots,” irresponsibly responsible to no one but themselves. Arnett’s Chris hangs on to a threadbare T-shirt because it’s what he was wearing the first time he saw Van Halen; she imagines Matt Lauer telling her from the television, “I’m not sure you can rock that skirt anymore.”
Whether arguing over who gets less sleep or surrendering to a night of Jäger shots and karaoke, the leads work well together — they seem plausibly married — and with the show’s third star, Maya Rudolph as Applegate’s boss and, I guess, best friend: Oprah Winfrey in all but name. Oprah was one Rudolph’s stock characters from her years on “Saturday Night Live,” for which series creator Emily Spivey wrote and whose Lorne Michaels produces here as well, and she hits that ground running.
Both series offer pilots that are tight and often funny — “Up All Night” is the one I’d save first if we were all together on a sinking ship, as if that could happen, but “Free Agents” has its moments and fine performances — and also make one wonder about the long run. The original series (which will run on BBC America, beginning Oct. 8)., “Then one day when you come to visit me in the nursing home and they ask me who’s there to see me, I’ll say, ‘It’s my daughter, Amy.’”
‘Up All Night’
Where: NBC
When: 10 p.m. Wednesday
Rating: TV-14-DL (may be unsuitable for children under the age of 14 with advisories for suggestive dialogue and coarse language)
‘Free Agents’
Where: NBC
When: 10:30 p.m. Wednesday
Rating: TV-14-DS (may be unsuitable for children under the age of 14 with advisories for suggestive dialogue and sex)
The complete guide to home viewing
Get Screen Gab for weekly recommendations, analysis, interviews and irreverent discussion of the TV and streaming movies everyone’s talking about.
You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.GIVE THANKS!
Can you even believe that Thanksgiving is tomorrow?!? Time flies when we are having so much fun, right? I know it doesn’t seem like it during the busy seasons, but we truly have much to be thankful for. Take time to give thanks for all that we have.
I don’t know about you, but this time of year I really get lost in all of the things that I have to do. Order groceries, thaw the turkey, finish projects with my kids for school, make sure guests feel welcome, make sure loose ends are wrapped up…Many things I do seem to go unnoticed and I start asking “Whatever happened to the “thanks” in Thanksgiving?”
Let’s be honest, as women, we don’t hear the gratitude that we deserve as often as we should. So how can we even consider the “thanks” this year when we are entirely forgotten in some cases?
The first thing that I consider is this: Do I offer “thanks” first? How many times a day am I offering that word to clerks, friends, family, and coworkers? If I have not modeled a thankful heart, would I know how to receive it? Then the second thing is this: Do I really care if I have it? Hearing thanks can be nice, but isn’t the fact that I know that I have done my duty as a great “whatever role here” thanks enough in my own mind? I am not necessarily owed anything, now am I? It is great to hear appreciation, but I need to offer it and appreciate the opportunity to serve others first. So is there “thanks” in Thanksgiving? A resounding “yes!” I thank myself every day for that opportunity. It is so important for us to take time and give thanks for all we have.Icecreamtree Studio
Muted Color Block Fleece Sweater and Beanie Urban Look Outfit - Pet Clothing
Regular price $22.40 Sale price
$53.00
Description
- Color Block Urban Look Outfit Set includes
- One Muted Color Block Fleece
- One Lavender Petite Beanie
- Color Block Fleece Sweater
- Fleece Color: Color Block with Light Beige, Light Grey, Light Tan, Muted Pink, Muted Blue
- Medium weight / No Stretch
- Apparel Size:
- Small: 10" neck; 15" chest; 10" length
- Medium: 11 1/2" neck; 17" chest; 11 1/2" length
- Large: 13" neck; 19" chest; 13" length
- XLarge: 15" neck; 22" chest; 15" length
- If your pet is between sizes, please size up.
- Petite Beanie
- Color: Lavender
- Hand Knitted with acrylic yarn
- 'Sorry Not Sorry' button pin included
- Optional Dizzy eyes 😵 PomPoms with 'Nah, I'm good' pin
- S/M Size: approx. 4 in. diameter
- Chin Strap approx. 10 in. Long (adjustable)
- Handmade in Los Angeles, USA.
- Great for Cats and Dogs.
Care Instruction
Hand wash in cold water, dry flat. Do not iron.Distant Lands Coffee
One of the largest private label specialty coffee suppliers in the US continues to find new ways to bring the highest quality product to consumers. Founded in 1982, Distant Lands is the only vertically integrated specialty coffee company in the US. With more than 30 years of farming experience and more than 20 years of roasting experience, the company has developed a seed-to-cup business structure that begins by maintaining close contact with coffee farms and mills across the world.
“In addition to the farms and mills we own, we have direct relationships with farmers and coffee producers, and these relationships enable us to control the quality of our product, as well as provide us with complete traceability of our coffees,” said Craig Hope, president of sales. “We control the ‘QA/QC’ process from the farm or mill that produces the coffee in the source country through to the consumer, which means we have control of the quality of the supply going to our customers.”
In addition to growing its own coffee, Distant Lands mills and imports green coffee and roasts a finished product that works toward the company’s ultimate goal, which is to build brands for companies’ specialty coffee lines. Hope said the company’s approach to building a strong customer base is the same as its approach to developing the perfect coffee product.
“We look for customers that believe in quality and want to build their corporate brand and go-to-market strategy on a foundation of quality,” he said. “In our interactions with our customers, our brand-building techniques focus on product, promotion, placement, and price, as well as a full disclosure and partnership on the costs involved.”
Perfect blend
Distant Lands’ customer base includes some of the larger foodservice and retail customers in the US. Part of the company’s ability to handle both foodservice and retail customers comes from a November 2006 merger with Java Trading. Hope said the merger gave Distant Lands additional capabilities from roasting and sourcing perspectives but also fused the talents of the two companies together into a perfect blend.
“We had a strong foodservice advantage from our headquarters in Tyler, Texas, and Java Trading had talent from a retail perspective from its headquarters in Washington state,” he said. “The merger also gave us an advantage to be able to roast on the West Coast and in the central US.”
The combined companies have expertise in producing coffee at origin, food service customer relationships, and private label retail brands. Java Trading’s retail experience came primarily from working with supermarkets and mass merchants such as SuperValu and Safeway. By blending those packaging talents with Distant Lands’ experience with foodservice companies such as Panera Bread and McDonald’s, the company developed a stronger go-to-market strategy.
Hope said the end result of the merger was an improved benefit to customers and employees. “For our customers, it gives them assurance that not only is the supply and quality of their product being managed all the way back to the farms, they have complete visibility to the supply chain,” he said.
“All of our significant customers have visited our origin operations and seen firsthand how we produce their coffees,” he continued. “They’ve met face to face with the farmers who grow their coffee. For our employees, it opened up the door to new possibilities because it strengthened our business model.”
Sourcing approach
Distant Lands uses a specific sourcing approach to finding and producing its coffee beans. With nine coffee farms and four coffee mills located in Central and South America supplemented by joint ventures in almost every significant specialty-coffee-producing country in the world, Distant Lands has unequaled access to the production of specialty-grade green coffee.
According to Hope, Distant Land’s philosophy at origin is quite simple: “We reward coffee farmers and millers for producing quality in a long-term sustainable manner,” he said. This has allowed Distant Lands to produce and ship more than 50 million pounds of top grade specialty coffee each year.
“It comes back to how we procure and sort our coffee, but it’s also that we have two of our own roasting facilities, co-packing capabilities inhouse, and a strong go-to-market strategy,” he said. “Specialty coffee is our only business, and we don’t delude ourselves by producing canned coffee or moving our focus away from specialty.”
To capably tackle both the foodservice and retail industries and maintain its tight hold on quality, Distant Lands recently invested in new packaging lines and roasters to keep up with the capacity needed to handle its new customers and maintain consistency in the supply chain.
As a private label manufacturer, Distant Lands handles each of its customers’ brands very carefully from quality and cost perspectives. “All of our customers are experiencing high single-digit or double-digit repeat purchase patterns right now,” said Hope. “By investing in all of our vertically aligned capabilities that streamline costs and bring a high quality product to consumers, everyone benefits.”
Brighter tomorrow
Operational efficiency is important, but Distant Lands recognizes the importance of sustainability initiatives to its business and those who work for it. The heart of the company’s farming operations is Hacienda La Minita, which is considered by many to be one of the world’s finest coffee estates and a model for the production of sustainable high quality coffee. Distant Land’s Rio Negro farm was the first coffee farm in Costa Rica to be certified by Rainforest Alliance, and both farms maintain housing for their full-time workers and migratory harvesters, as well as private medical and dental clinics. The farms also maintain more than 25% of the arable land as forest preserves, providing habitat for many species of animals and vegetation, and carefully managed terracing and drainage systems protect the farms against soil erosion.
Distant Lands’ coffee beneficios, where coffee fruit is converted to exportable green coffee, continue the company’s commitment to quality and sustainability. “We use biomass furnaces to dry our coffee,” said Hope. “These furnaces use only coffee parchment to generate heat, virtually eliminating the need for wood.”
Hydroelectric plants are set up at each mill to produce the electricity needed to run the facilities. Sophisticated water processing technology is used to ensure that all the water required to process the coffee is returned to the surrounding water systems in pristine condition.
“Our sustainability initiatives illustrate our passion for quality and people,” he continued. “We don’t wait for people to bring us new ideas; we bring new ideas to them to grow their businesses with their consumers. It’s about merging resources to make the right decisions for today and tomorrow’s business.”Mumbai: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday refused to hear a petition seeking stay on the demonetisation policy of the Union government. The court held that the Supreme Court has already refused to stay the policy, so it cannot entertain any petition in this regard.
The direction came from a division bench presided over by Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Anuja Prabhudesai, while hearing an application moved by senior counsel Jamshed Mistry and Jabbar Singh. The lawyers had contended that the government’s sudden decision to demonetise the Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes has caused ‘unprecedented inconvenience’ to the general public.
They had also argued that one’s Right to life and Right to occupation/conduct business was severely affected by this scheme, resulting in ‘gross inconvenience’ to the general public. However, the bench refused to hear petition and suggested them to approach the Apex court. Meanwhile, the bench allowed a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a group of Cooperative banks seeking quashing of a circular issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The RBI had excluded the Primary Agricultural Credit Co-operative Societies (PACS) banks from accepting or exchanging the old notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000. The petitioner’s contention is that the circular issued by RBI after scrapping of old currency has adversely affected the business of PACS despite holding valid licenses.
The PACS have sought directions to RBI to allow them carry their day-to-day business by accepting and exchanging old scrapped notes. Also, the petitioner’s have prayed before the bench to quash and set aside the circular and declare it as ‘null and void’. After hearing the petitioner’s side, the bench has posted the PIL for hearing on next Monday
(To receive our E-paper on whatsapp daily, please click here. We permit sharing of the paper's PDF on WhatsApp and other social media platforms.)This one.
Andy "I hope this goes on forever or I'm gonna look a fool" Wardley
: , , This Spot (Not Allowed) is in no way dedicated
Andy Wardley : -o o- to anyone called Derek, Dave or Terry, Lemurs,
a...@oasis.icl.co.uk : l Leader Kibo, Odd Physics, GIFs or eMOTTOicons.
std dsclmr avlbl : - This line still available - call 0800-SIGRENT.
Kip Crosby tried to escape but I got him back.
pooh
----
/* internet: po...@stack.urc.tue.nl * snail mail: Hoogstraat 214 *
* po...@es.ele.tue.nl * 5615 PX Eindhoven *
* telephone: +31 40-572314 (home) * the Netherlands *
* +31 40-446969 (work) */
This one.
Every article ever posted has just been a follow-up to the first
"Hello world" post...
--
Thomas Beagle | ,__o I was human once, but I'm better now.
Technical Writer | _-\_<, tho...@geac.co.nz
Wellington, NZ | (*)/'(*) +64-4-385-0988 (home) +64-4-233-8186 (work)
>
>Andy Wardley writes:
>>Jeff Robertson writes:
>>>What's the longest thread in the history of USENET ?
>>This one.
>It does go on, doesn't it?
He's makin' it up as he goes along!!! =)
--
Tom Salyers "Now is the Windows of our disk contents
IRCnick: Aqualung made glorious SimEarth by this Sun of Zork."
Denver, CO ---Richard v3.0
Liam "tired of it all" Relihan
---
Liam Relihan, Voice: +353-61-333644 ext.5015
CSIS, Schumann Building, -KIBO- Fax: +353-61-330876
University Of Limerick, E-mail: reli...@ul.ie
Ireland.

easily made up fifty percent of ALL postings to alt.irc in this time.
and a 30 Meg hard.
Andy Wardley writes:
>This one.
If 'longest thread' doesn't necessarily mean 'thread with the highest count
of followups' but 'thread with the longest printout' there's an easy
opening for a new record...
pooh 'sorry, don't blame me!'

^^^^^^ I want one of THESE!?)
Do the cyclical "september threads" count as continuous?
--
* Billy Chambless University of Southern Mississippi
* "If you lie to the compiler, it will get its revenge." Henry Spencer
* I'm not an opinionated jerk, but I play one on the Net.
* GAT -d+ -p+ c++ l u++ e+ s/+ n--- h* g+ w+ t++@ x++ && BOFH
I just ran into a series of 'ritual genital mutilation' posts on
some group (alt.folklore.urban? It's crossposted to a million places
anyway..) -- THAT thread was very strong at least two months ago!
--
Howard Crosby Warren cro...@ren.psy.jhu.edu
Department of Psychology
The Johns Hopkins University
What about the Gravis Ultrasound vs. every other sound board war over on
alt.ibm.pc.hardware.soundcard (or whatever its name is) ?
It's probably been going on since the GUS was introduced.
merk.
So are we talking longest lasting, or most posts? My own
creation, "Feminist Stupidity Disorder" has lasted for months
(since August? Maybe September) in the alt.feminism/soc.men/soc.women
groups where it is crossposted. In the beginning it created a
small flood of postngs that made up ~50% of the postings to a.f.
It's even kept on topic, as a matter of fact , so it's not just a
subject title that stuck with postings.
Because of the ease of baiting, though, some groups (like af) ought
to be excluded.
>Do the cyclical "september threads" count as continuous?
How about the ongoing, never ending "Is circumcision bad?"
and "Make money fast!!" threads? Both of those are short in
length, but huge in volume, and constantly recurring.
--
New .signature under development. Start your development now! Beat the crowd!
.
-<=>- Dave Fischer -<=>- Help Fight Ambient Light! -<=>- da...@cca.org -<=>-
A
Hg
Obviously not a real thread then. ;)
Hg
Liam
zar...@cs1.bradley.edu Illinois has two seasons: Winter and Construction
___________ _______________________________________^___ Headlights?
___ ___ ||| ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ | __ ,----\ Credit Card?
| | | |||| | | | | | | | | | | | | |_____\ Why would I
|___| |___|||| |___| |___| |___| | O | O | | | | \ want to
||| |___|___| | |__| ) remember
___________|||______________________________|______________/ those?
||| WDW Monorail Driver Wannabe /------------------
-----------'''---------------------------------------' CJE--WDW in '95
WEEKS? This group currently has threads ('Ignorant user stories' for one)
that were also running a couple of years or so ago, when I first started to
read this group.
pooh
I believe the winner is ``MAKE.MONEY.FAST''.
A
pooh 'knowingly posting to surely the silliest thread in the history of
USENET, oh what is the longest descriptive middle name ever encoutered on
USENET?'
I don't think that it matters if the subject title changes, since for
instance this thread has already changed subject title, but is still
the same thread. It's even changed topic (now we're discussing what
makes a long thread, not what is the longest thread).
I think it should count if it is a THREAD, not separate postings on the
same topic. This means that Make.Money.Fast wouldn't count, since it
usually isn't threaded (each initial posting counts as a new thread).
> Because of the ease of baiting, though, some groups (like af) ought
> to be excluded.
>
Nah, they are Usenet too (well, Altnet...).
>
>>Do the cyclical "september threads" count as continuous?
I wouldn't count them, unless they truely are continuous... Can you
trace one back to an earlier, or is it simply a new freshman starting
a new thread on the same topic?
>
>
> How about the ongoing, never ending "Is circumcision bad?"
> and "Make money fast!!" threads? Both of those are short in
> length, but huge in volume, and constantly recurring.
>
As above, I wouldn't count it...
*Now* you've done it. It just showed up again (after extended absence from
any of the groups I read) on news.groups ...
Dave "stupid net tricks" DeLaney
--
David DeLaney: d...@utkux.utcc.utk.edu; ObQuote: `I suggest quoting 'J"K"P' and
'J"RR"P' both. --K' Disclaimer: Opinions? UTK?? Me??? BWAAAAHahahahaa <choke>
<snort> hee hee; Thinking about this disclaimer (or about theor. particle __
physics) may cause headaches. Vicki and Paul and Terry but not Joel. VR#: 0 \/
>WEEKS? This group currently has threads ('Ignorant user stories' for one)
>that were also running a couple of years or so ago, when I first started to
>read this group.
Don't forget YNYBHTLW...
That thread has been going on for so long that people have been archiving
it for posterity.
--
Jeremy "OS/2ibo" Reimer
Founder and President, World Domination Inc.
(a division of Microsoft)
"Why do you want to go read news?"
"I want to see the frontier. Before it's gone."
- Kevin Costner, _Dances With Usenet_
We'll please everyone and make this a recursive thread (see Jeff Robertson).
---
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
NetHack: "Your sacrifice sprouts wings and a propeller and roars away."
Peter Knoerrich, email: prkn...@cip.informatik.uni-erlangen.de
This line of reply is one post longer than the other one, as seeing as I
would *love* to be part in the creation of the worlds longest thread I'll
place my bet by posting here.
>:>>>>>>What's the longest thread in the history of USENET ?
By longest, do you mean #replies or time it stuck around, like
the recurring MAKE MONEY FAST nightmares on misc.forsale...
You call this long?
sync sync sync - time for a sanity check
Dave
--
[] Dave 'clocking in time' Holland []
[] Engineering Department, Cambridge University, UK []
[] 93d...@eng.cam.ac.uk []
--
Elizabeth Wilding -White ~ Lizzie Bordon took an axe,
ewil...@falcon.depaul.edu ~ And plunged it deep into the VAX.
l...@fws.com ~ When she saw what she had done,
~ She turned and hacked apart the Sun.
Well, for annoyances localized to one group, I nominate "How to get the
Mortimer story" thread on alt.tv.tiny-toon? The poster, John Palmer, decided
one day to post that article every 5 *seconds* to the newsgroup... A friend
of mine logged in one day and had to kill over *1000* copies of that article.
As for widest distribution, I'd nominate the recent "Jesus is coming"
thread...
--
Wilbur Kuo | kuo...@sunset.bph.jhu.edu | "I only say what it
"It's good to be the root" | ro...@sunset.bph.jhu.edu | occurs to me to say.
| kuo...@jhunix.hcf.jhu.edu | More I cannot say."
GS/CS/MU -d+@ p c++(++++) !l() u+(++) e+ m++ s n-(---) h f+ g+ w- t+() r- !y
--
---------------------------------------------------------
David Doak CANCER: You will submit your thesis
do...@bioch.ox.ac.uk soon and get a real life.
---------------------------------------------------------
--
<dnic...@ceilidh.beartrack.com>
Donald Nichols (DoN.) | Voice (Days): (703) 704-2280 (Eves): (703) 938-4564
--- Black Holes are where God is dividing by zero ---
Hmm.. This probably wouldn't count as a thread, but MAKE.MONEY.FAST has to
be the most annoying thing ever.
-=::Peel a man that looks like an onion,
and I'll show you a man that looks like a peeled onion.
Spelling errors and bad grammar are centered intentionally.
If one examines the nature of a "thread",
one sees that its constituent parts are
merely loosely related replies, and replies
to replies, to some initial question or
statement. In this case, the question was
posed by Jeff Robertson and was, the now
immortalised, "What's the longest thread in
the history of USENET?" One could argue,
if one was inclined to do so, that this
in itself was not the start of the thread
but was merely the question that prompted
the cascaded responses.
One could further demonstrate that if no-one
had bothered to respond to this question,
the single post would not have constituted
a thread and would have faded away into the
infinite obscurity of folklore anonymity.
This was not the case.
Extending this point further, it can be
argued that the point at which the thread
came into existence was when the first reply
was posted. This was the now equally
infamous "This one" reply by Andy Wardley
who demonstrated his characteristically
impressive insight and renowned sense of
humour in doing so. But then I would say
that because I am he.
What's more, is that this post has only
been generated in order to further extend
the lifetime (and size) of the thread to
greater increase its chance of being
remembered forever more as the "thread to
end all threads" and thus immortalise
both Jeff and myself. I have even been
thoughtful enough to keep the line length
short so that a great deal more follow-ups
can be posted before this text begins to
word-wrap and require some serious
re-formatting.
Andy "Drop Dead Thread" Wardley
: , , This Spot (Not Allowed) is in no way dedicated
Andy Wardley : -o o- to anyone called Derek, Dave or Terry, Lemurs,
a...@oasis.icl.co.uk : l Leader K*bo, Odd Physics, GIFs or eMOTTOicons.
std dsclmr avlbl : - This line still available - call 0800-SIGRENT.
:
:
1) Choose two of { Windows/NT, OS/2, Linux }
2) Assert that one is unquestionably superior to the other, and that
anybody who thinks otherwise has rocks in their head.
3) Crosspost to half a dozen newsgroups, including at least one
comp.os.*.advocacy group, alt.folklore.computers, alt.religion.kibology
(for good measure) and alt.fan.mike-dahmus, where all threads mentioning
OS/2 belong, and if they don't mention it, they will.
4) Don asbestos longjohns and observe. If you are lucky, you may get
followups in the hundreds, including several ideological ping-pong matches,
considerable name-calling, dazzlingly witty retorts such as "bite me",
and perhaps even the odd cascade or two.
Note that you do not have to follow these instructions to witness the
result; these threads will form spontaneously given time.
--
Andrew Bulhak a...@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au
Element: #121 (decimaalnummersysteemium)
--
PGP 2.3A key available by finger.
This suggests an interesting metaphor: posting flame-bait is like
shooting high-energy particles into a cloud chamber, creating hundreds
of new particles in the process, all flying off in their own direction.
Results are generally predictable, and to get something new, you have to
try higher and higher energy insertions.
Personally, I think someone definitely needs to find out if delphi is
running a giant bogon accelerator. It would certainly go a long way
--
Joseph W. Vigneau <jo...@wpi.edu> -- WPI Computer Science Linux!
Your lucky color has faded.
>Am I missing something, or isn't Usenet the longest Usenet thread ever.
>Still going after all this time. Its all the same subject, just the text
>is changed from time to time, and flames repeated time and time
>again.......
Hmm, this message just gave me an interesting idea;
Why not add an extra field to the header? We could that "Real-Subject:" and that
would contain the actual subject of the message. If we did that we could
use the "Subject:"-field for our purposes (namely, to make the longest thread
ever) be always setting that to "longest USENET thread ever", thereby
making one long thread.
We would have to change the news-readers to show us the Real-Subject but it
shouldn't throw away the Subject-field because that would be cheating. :)
Someone here also pointed out that we have a problem with the References-field
getting rather long, but we could always install the references on one ftp-site
and have new references added by the news-readers when someone posts something.
Unfortunately, I have very little time to actually implement this but anyone
can feel free to copy my idea and use it.
Vincent.
--
BLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLA Internet : part...@fwi.uva.nl
BLABLA 68040 Power! ABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLA vin...@tnc.nl
BLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLA FidoNet : 2:281/202.15
BLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLABLA NeST : 90:500/202.15
How can we get out?
Euh, I'm sorry, but I have to repeat that sentence twenty times because our
local dumb-ass nntp-server bounced my previous posting with this message:
--->
Article not posted -- more included text than new text/usr/local/etc/inews faile?
And That was the best you could do?
Only for those who haven't read the books.
Dave "walls of books" DeLaney
--
David DeLaney: d...@utkux.utcc.utk.edu; ObQuote: `VISUALIZE BLONDE MELINDA' - T.
Pierce... Disclaimer: Opinions? UTK?? Me??? BWAAAAHahahahaa <choke> <snort> hee
hee; Thinking about this disclaimer (or about theoretical particle physics) __
may cause headaches. Vicki and Paul and Terry but not Barbara or Joel. VR#:1 \/
Mark
> deh...@hellcat.ecn.uoknor.edu (David Hall) writes:
>
> >a...@dsbc.icl.co.uk (Andy Wardley) writes:
>
> >
>
> What about Jordan in rec.arts.sf.written ?
>
> Loooooooong *AND* boring.
I put [Jj]ordan in my kill file, and was happy for a while. Until I
saw how long the killing took. Then I proposed r.a.sf.w.j for my own
selfish reasons. It hasn't taken off.
--
__
TJIC (Travis J.I. Corcoran) TJ...@icd.teradyne.com
opinions(TJIC) != opinions(employer(TJIC))
"Buy a rifle, encrypt your data, and wait for the Revolution!"
What can I add to this wonderful thread? (Besides another line)
--
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lisa O'Donnell (a werewolf) | "Pinky, are you pondering what I'm pondering?"
odon...@ac.wfunet.wfu.edu | "I think so, Brain, but burlap chafes me so."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------
| Mark Lang | elis...@cmu.edu |
----------------------------------Richard Tillman Pritt, age 68, of Beckley, formerly of Buckeye, passed away Thursday, April 16, 2015, at Raleigh General Hospital in Beckley.\r\n\r\nFuneral service is Monday, April 20, 2 p.m. at Lantz Funeral Home in Buckeye with Rev. Audria Botkin officiating. Interment will be in the Beaver Creek Cemetery. Family will receive friends two hours prior to the service.\r\n\r\nIn lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the family.\r\n\r\nOnline condolences may be made atKluwerArbitration.com
Tags :KluwerArbitration.com is the online resources. Database is accessible within the IP Ranges.Kat Kinsman’s middle name might be “Compassion.” When she isn’t arguing about pie versus cake at the Southern Foodways Alliance Symposium or getting nominated for a James Beard Award for Best TV Segment, Extra Crispy‘s thoughtful Senior Editor has been creating a safe space for online dialogues around depression and anxiety. This year, she’s extending her kind reach even further with the website Chefs With Issues and her very personal book Hi, Anxiety: Life with a Bad Case of Nerves. So how did she get from food writing to mental health advocacy? Read on.
Q: How did the Chefs With Issues website come about?
A: I’ve been a food writer for almost a decade, but a couple of years ago, when I was the editor of CNN’s Eatocracy, I started writing for the Living section about my own struggles with depression and anxiety. The outpouring of solidarity and kindness was tremendous, and it opened the floodgates to conversation with loved ones, colleagues, and acquaintances—and also strangers. What started to happen was that I’d be interviewing a chef and during a break, they would go off the record and start to talk about mental health issues in their own kitchens. It happened once or twice and I thought oh, maybe they just feel comfortable. Then it started happening all the time, and I knew I had to do something and let people know they aren’t alone.
Q: When did this happen?
A: I was in a period of limbo waiting for edits on Hi, Anxiety and it seemed like a good project to take on, so it suddenly became my New Year’s resolution. I launched it January 1, 2016.
Q: What have the readers most gravitated towards on the site?
A: More than anything, people have poured their hearts out in the poll. I set up a poll to find out what people’s biggest mental health challenges, resources, restrictions, and treatment options were—along with a section where people could tell me whatever else they wanted to get off their chest. I thought I would get maybe a few dozen responses. Last I checked, there were over 1,500 respondents and I edited the free-form responses down into a 26k word document. People are desperate to be heard and to know they’re not alone.
Q: If you could share one item from Chefs with Issues what might that be?
A: I want people to know that there is hope, solidarity, and help. There is a list of resources—some of which are industry or region-specific—on the site at and people can go to these websites and phone numbers to find mental health or addiction support.
Q: What’s coming up of particular interest for you?
A: I’ve got a book about anxiety [Hi, Anxiety] coming out on November 15, and I am wishing, hoping, wanting for it to help people realize that they’re not alone, and that they deserve compassion and care. Even though it was often difficult and painful to write, I have so much less risk than someone who isn’t a straight, white, married person from a cultural background without extreme taboo around mental illness, with access to insurance and mental health care, and an employer that understands and supports me. If I can’t speak up, who the hell can? I want to help normalize the conversation around mental health to the point where in the near future, not only would everyone have the ability to get affordable (or free!) mental health care—but doing so would pack a stigma roughly equivalent to going and getting a cough or sprain checked out. We can and must do better by one another.
Q: What’s the response been like to Chefs With Issues?
A: The hugs have been extraordinary! (Chefs are intensely good huggers.) But even more than this—I’ve had my heart cracked open what feels like a million times by people’s stories of their lowest points, and the peers they’ve lost. Periodically, I’ll just need to step away because it does take an emotional toll, but the friends I’ve made through this far outweigh any secondhand pain.
– The CS Team
0 comments on “Chefs With Issues and One Writer Who Cares”The 20 Closest Hotels to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Terminal 1
There are three hotels which share the title of being the closest hotel to Terminal 1 as they’re all located 0.1 km (.06 miles) from the terminal. The first is the ibis Styles Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport ✰✰✰, which offers an airport shuttle. The second is the Novotel Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport ✰✰✰✰, which is connected to the terminal by a free underground line and also offers an airport shuttle. The third is the ibis Paris CDG Airport ✰✰✰.
Other hotels near Terminal 1:
Pullman Paris Roissy Cdg Airport ✰✰✰✰ 0.2 km (.12 miles)
citizenM Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport ✰✰✰✰ 0.3 km (0.19 miles)
Hilton Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport ✰✰✰✰ 0.3 km (0.19 miles): Airport shuttle.
Mercure Paris CDG Airport & Convention ✰✰✰✰ 0.9 km (.55 miles): Airport shuttle.
Sheraton Paris Roissy Airport ✰✰✰✰ 1 km (.62 miles)
Holiday Inn Express – Paris – CDG Airport 1 km (.62 miles)
YOTELAIR Paris CDG – Transit hotel 1.8 km (1.12 miles): This hotel is located inside Terminal 2. One is only allowed to bring hand luggage here and cannot stay longer than one night. The guests also have to go through passport control in order to reach the hotel.
Nomad Paris Roissy CDG ✰✰✰ 1.9 km (1.2 miles): Airport shuttle.
Oceania Paris Roissy CDG ✰✰✰✰ 2 km (1.24 miles): Airport shuttle.
Premiere Classe Roissy – Aeroport CDG – Le Mesnil Amelot ✰✰ 2.1 km (1.3 miles): Airport shuttle.
Campanile Roissy – Aeroport CDG – Le Mesnil Amelot ✰✰✰ 2.2 km (1.4 miles): Airport shuttle.
Comfort Hotel CDG Airport ✰✰✰ 2.4 km (1.5 miles)
Best Western Paris CDG Airport ✰✰✰✰ 2.9 km (1.8 miles): Airport shuttle.
Paris Marriott Charles de Gaulle Airport Hotel ✰✰✰✰ 3 km (1.9 miles): Airport shuttle.
Millenium Hotel Paris Charles de Gaulle ✰✰✰✰ 3 km (1.9 miles): Airport shuttle.
Chambre d’hotes les Herbes Folles 3 km (1.9 miles): Airport shuttle.
Holiday Inn Paris CDG Airport ✰✰✰✰ 3 km (1.9 miles): Airport shuttle.YOU are more likely to die young, be hit in a road accident, have your possessions stolen, undergo teenage pregnancy and fail to get five decent GCSEs in Salford than almost any other authority in England.
Newly-released research into some of the country's most deprived authorities shows Salford is one of the worst for everything from life expectancy to burglary.
The report, compiled to monitor the progress of 88 areas currently supported by government funding, including Salford itself, rates the city close to the bottom of the list even against supposedly "similar" deprived districts.
It reveals both men and women in Salford have an average life expectancy two to three years lower than the national average.
There are also more burglaries, robberies, vehicle crimes and road accidents - while the teenage pregnancy rate of 5.7 per cent soars above the national average of 4.8 per cent And there is bad news for the city's students, too. Just 36 per cent are expected to leave school with five GCSEs ranked A* to C, compared to 50 per cent across England in general.
Chief Superintendent Brian Wroe, Salford's senior policeman, insisted the crime rate was falling "dramatically" even though burglary and robbery rates were twice the national average.
He explained: "Crime is in sharp decline, we're talking about hundreds and hundreds fewer victims. The work we've done has borne tremendous fruit. Police from other authorities are even coming to Salford to look at our success."
A spokeswoman for Salford's Primary Care Trust meanwhile admitted the city had a higher-than-average teenage pregnancy rate, and a lower life expectancy.
But she also said inroads were being made into tackling the problem. She added: "We have been set a target of reducing teenage pregnancy by 50 per cent by 2010."
Road accidents were another area where the city received poor marks.
But Andy Devine, the council's accident investigation team leader, said: "We are aware this is a problem, because Salford has many major roads."
Keith Mann, Salford's Lead Member for Education commenting on the city's failing GCSE students said: "Year on year our results are improving, but what this report draws attention to is that they are not improving as quickly as similar authorities."
"We are aware of that, and are instituting a three year programme to ensure results improve."Just click on this link to ensure you continue to receive email from us!
If you’re tired of being asked for email consent, you are not alone. With the introduction of CASL (Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation) on July 1, 2014, virtually every Canadian with an inbox has been inundated with email invitations to “continue receiving important information” from companies desperate to keep them on their mailing lists (see more detail in the box below on CASL).
But while CASL may not be raising much concern among healthcare organizations, the issue of email consent from patients certainly is. It’s no wonder: with patient privacy concerns, ethical concerns and regulations like PHIPA, the healthcare industry has much to lose when it comes to a potential email breach.
For many hospitals and healthcare organizations, the response to this risk has been to avoid using email and other electronic communication altogether. While this approach has worked in the past, there is increasing pressure to find ways to move beyond voicemail and the fax machine. Mounting evidence shows that electronic communication leads to increased efficiency, increased patient satisfaction, and better care. Consequently, patients are quickly viewing this form of communication as a new standard of care.
The first step in adopting email communication involves obtaining consent from the patient. Even if you currently have no plans to use email for clinical purposes, there is good reason to start collecting email addresses and explicit consent from patients. Consent is required to communicate with patients via email for any of the following:
- Appointment reminders
- Office announcements
- Clinical advice and test result notifications
- Distributing educational resources
- Clinic policy updates and reminders (including block fee details)
- Consultations among health care professionals
- Notice of a clinical trial, research or other studies for which the patient may be eligible
By setting up a process to collect email consent now, your organization can “future proof” itself to take advantage of the rapid technology developments affecting the medical sector.
Making Email Consent Easy at the Point of Care
We recently brought together a leading hospital, a major university health services clinic and a family health team to develop an automated process to collect patient consent at the point of care using the OceanWave tablet. It includes a detailed consent form based on the recommendations presented by the Canadian Medical Protective Organization (you can view the form by clicking on the button at the end of this article).
This process is freely available to all Ocean customers. It can be edited to meet the needs of a specific organization. The email consent form is automatically presented to patients on a tablet when they check in. It can also be sent to patients to complete on a secure portal via email. Some of the benefits include:
- Automatic email address capture for consenting patients on a tablet.
-!
Extended Email Consent
This email consent meets or exceeds the recommendations laid out by the Canadian Medical Protective Organization
Simplified Email Consent
This is a short version of an email consent form to secure consent from patients.
More on CASL and Healthcare
Lawyer Bonnie Freedman of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP has written a comprehensive explanation of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) and how it applies to Healthcare organizations in Canada. Since CASL applies to all commercial messages, regardless of whether they contain or are sent using personal information, healthcare organizations should understand and be aware of this important legislation.These illustrations is what I drew in the “Adobe Illustrator”. These are stored in “getty images” of photo stock service. These illustrations is few compared to “iStock”. The reason is that since I was uploaded at the same time with “getty images” since I became an exclusive illustrator at “iStock”, the number of illustrations displayed is small. (There are illustrations before becoming an exclusive illustrator, but those are carefully selected and uploaded by staff of “getty images”)..Church update from Rev Gary
Dear Friends- due to the unprecedented situation we all find ourselves in, the Church of England has now instructed all Priest/Vicar’s to cancel ALL Sunday worship and any organised worship in the parishes. For the avoidance of doubt, all Sunday services in Powick, Callow End, Guarlford and Madresfield churches have now been postponed for the foreseeable future. I am permitted to open the church for private prayers and I intend to do that for the communities and I will be promoting these opportunities soon. I am permitted to carry on with funerals and weddings but I will have to consider some necessary restrictions. Baptisms will be postponed. This is desperately sad but a necessary consequence of the situation we find ourselves in.
I will be keeping in touch with the small flock I look after and any of you that need prayer. Most materials I will be using will be on my parish website - or call the vicarage on 01905 830270. I will also be supporting the community efforts to keep an eye on folk (churchgoer or not) locally upon request. Take care and every blessing - Rev Gary CrellinClient Stories
Hello Matthew & Lily / Carmen,
Just to advise the dogs finally arrived home last night around 8pm. They
were traumatised and exhausted but were very quickly engaged with their
new surroundings, checking out every room, tails wagging.
They have had a good day today, the weather has been perfect so have
been out in the garden and they were even playing. Dylan, after all his
shenanigans, seems to have coped the better and is adjusting more quickly.
A BIG thank you to you and everyone at Ferndale who helped get our
grand-dogs home to us.
Kind regards,
Lee & DougFree shipping on select items until Monday
These are hand-stamped and hand-painted. Handmade locally by an Arizona artist. These coasters have been lovingly stamped, hand painted and sealed so they are waterproof. The coasters are 4" x 4" and also feature a full cork backing.
*Due to the handmade nature of the coaster, they are not dishwasher safe. These coasters are made of natural tumbled natural stone so there will be some slight variations, veining, pits and natural tumbled edges. The coasters are made to order and will be based on the coasters photographed.
Stock: 6
Agregando el producto a tu carrito de compraONE Championship’s Vitor Belfort Open to Tag Team Wrestling Match With Boxing Legend Mike Tyson at AEW
Mixed martial arts veteran and ONE Championship athlete Vitor “The Phenom” Belfort was recently spotted with boxing icon “Iron” Mike Tyson over the weekend at an All Elite Wrestling (AEW) event.
The two legends attended the Double Or Nothing pay-per-view show last Saturday, May 23 in Jacksonville, Florida, and were both instantly blown away by the action they witnessed from their ringside seats.
Belfort was excited enough to envision himself stepping into the squared circle alongside boxing’s former heavyweight world champion.
“I think AEW should have Mike [Tyson] and myself do a tag team match against two of their champions,” said Belfort.
“Tony [Khan], the owner of AEW is a good friend of mine. That for me is a great idea and I’m open to it.”
Tyson himself is no stranger to partaking in the theatrics of pro wrestling. The 53-year-old has appeared occasionally for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) over the years, and was even inducted into the WWE appeared, and has offered his advice to the boxing superstar.
 middleweight is going through a career revival with Singapore-based martial arts organization, ONE Championship.
Belfort signed with ONE in 2019, and is in the process of ironing out details of his first bout with the promotion, likely against Cameroonian powerhouse Alain “The Panther” Ngalani later this year..”
Tyson’s comeback has yet to be finalized. However, possible opponents include fellow boxing veteran Shannon Briggs, UFC legend Tito Ortiz, and former heavyweight rival Evander HolyNational Latin Teacher Recruitment Week is coming up! This year it will be March 3-7, 2008, which is the first full week in March. The theme for this year is Your Future is Our Future. You can find out more about NLTRW, which is sponsored by the American Classical League, the American Philological Association, and other various regional and local classical organziations by visiting the National Committee for Latin and Greek website. There you can read about past celebrations, get ideas for your own promotions, apply for mini-grants, and more!
Ginny Lindzey has designed a number of extremely cool and very professional promotional items for National Latin Teacher Recruitment Week including t-shirts, mini-buttons, mugs, posters, greeting cards, and yard signs. In addition, the NCLG website has loads of free, downloadable items as well including mini-ads, mini-posters, articles, brochures, flyers, bookmarks and more. Check 'em out! They are mirabile dictu!With the India vs New Zealand T20 series upon us, it is important that the dream 11 fantasy players start to form their combinations for getting their dream11 prediction right. This is going to be a tough choice and would involve careful selection and rejection of players who may or may not be included in the playing 11 here.
This is going to be a case of being a little practical and not going with your inclination and rather following a pattern which has been successful for you. It is important that you select only those players who are going to be a part of the X1 finally and would get those priceless points for you. Here are 5 players who we think would not be a good choice when it comes to selecting your fantasy teams
Adam had a forgettable encounter against the Australian team in the final and it is hard for him as he is really a fast bowler with very less variations. The modern-day Indian batsman does not have any problem with pace and would be very comfortable here with the kind of pace he bowls at with the ball coming on to the bat very well. This may be a bad choice if you decide to go with him
Mark is probably going to come in as the replacement for Kane Williamson but against the Indians at home, it is going to be difficult for him to play as well as Williamson particularly with the demands of the T20 game, he is likely to miss out on either his place or even if he plays, he wouldn’t be expected to be a problem for the Indian team as he is not a player who comes with a lot of reputation
Despite an impressive showing in the IPL, it is highly unlikely that he is going to be played in this team as there are a lot of similar bowlers who are higher in the pecking order. With Bhuvneshwar and Deepak being the preferred pairing for India, it is highly unlikely that he is going to be selected with the kind of pace he bowls at. He is indeed a bowler with great variations and can also add some depth later in the piece but with the other more experienced options available, he is still a doubtful starter
With Mohammed Siraj, Deepak Chahar and Bhuvneshwar Kumar already in the team, Avesh would probably be a person who would be sitting out for most of the games. He has pace and so he may well be a factor but the New Zealand team is not one team which has a problem with any kind of pace. So, with the others being there ahead of him, he could get a game but not be very significant at all in the team
He is a new player in the setup and we have seen that he does take a bit of time to get going. He could take some time here before becoming the next big thing in Indian cricket and that is where we cannot expect big things from him straight away. He must be given some time to adjust to the levels of international cricket and hence picking him would be risky.
However, these are just suggestions and T20 being the unpredictable game that it is, we do not know what a player on his day can do.
Also Read – 5 bowlers you should select in your team
3 All rounders you should select in your team
Best T20 fantasy team for India vs New ZealandThis striped, strappy dress is adorned with a playful array of buttons down its side.
A moderate v-neck decorates the dress and thin spaghetti straps line the top.
Cute to wear to a summer get together, the short dress lengthens legs and looks amazing when worn with wedge sandals.
Off set it with a lightweight kimono and cardigan to keep warm on cool summer nights.
Measurements:
Small: Pit to Pit 15” Length 31”Medium: Pit to Pit 16” Length 31”Large: Pit to Pit 17” Length 32”
55% Linen 45% ViscoseLove TreeHowKobe Allis X Cone Crusher Specifisbmions Kobe Allis X Cono Trituradora Specifisbmions Weight of allis superior 4000 crusher kznschoolsmtbcoza weight of allis superior 4000 crusher cone crusher allis s 4000 binq mining he is a member of the per cent weight passing or retained on each sieve in the he is a member of the per cent weightBuy Allis Chalmers kobe Steel 54 X 74 Superior Gyratory Crusher from A M King Industries Request a quote online todayHow
Jaw Crushers Size Class Gape Size UNKNOWN Weight N A allis chalmers crusher spares south africa – Crusher South Africa Cone Crushers Allis Chalmers Cone Crushers Allis Chalmers Hot Products Jaw Crusher Impact Crusher Single Stage Hammer Crusher used kobe allis chalmers 54 74 double toggle jaw crusher find quality used kobeTh the gold standardDensity Of Crusher Run Kg M Fact Jeugd Noord crusher run weight density4874 Gyratory crusher parts for Kobe Allis Chalmers 48 x 74 two main shaft assemblies bushings and Equip yourself with the gold standard
Kobe Allis Crusher WeightsWeight Of Allis Chalmers Primary Gyratory Crusher crusher gyratory 60 x 89 allis chalmers weight gyratory crushers allis chalmers kobe steel 54 x 74 60 x 89Replacement Kobe Crusher Project Remove replace existing Allis Chalmers crusher including design fabrication installation of replacement discharge throat liner Problem Planning for future expansion had highlighted potential reliability issues with the existing primary crusher In addition even at current production levels the clientKOBE ALLIS CHALMERS 7' X 20' Vibrating Screen AM King Screen allis chalmers 8 20 weight vibrating screen specs Posts Related to allis chalmers 8x20 weight vibrating screen specs pdf procedure for erection of kiln mill mining core drill rig manufacturers Allis Chalmers Ripl flo Vibrating Screen Mechanism Parts How
Kobe Allis Crusher WeightsCrusher driMillC (Source
Jan 11 2021 Cone Crusher Allis Chalmers Kobe 945 Af Cone CrusherAllis Chalmers Hydrocone Crusher Will hydrocone crusher parts supplies hp series hydro cone crusher that features a allis chalmers hydrocone crusher manualJunUsed Crushers for sale from Allis Chalmers Sandvik and Symons Nordberg Find suppliers near you at the world's leading directory for surplus machinery and equipment
Jun 12 2013 Allis Chalmers™ Crusher Parts – Crusher Spare Parts Our crusher supply Allis Chalmers Crusher Parts we are the professional Allis Chalmers Parts Suppliers We provide the best crusher parts(jaw plate Crusher Hammer Cone Concave Blow Bars) and Part Number Weight Description detailed AustraliaTKobe jaw crusher used kobe allis chalmers 48 60st jaw crushers 3k hyd01 1 kobe steel allis chalmers 42 x 54 s t jaw crusher s n 11 0793 cebu find this and 1000s of other pieces of new and used jaw crushers used mining equipment for sale used jaw crushers100%
Read our minds
Locate and connect with us globally
Stay one thought ahead. Get our latest insights in your inbox with ThinkSpace.
Our risk management objectives ensure that the risks we take are:
Authorised
Risks taken are in line with our mandate, and within defined bounds authorised by our Client, Board and Management.
Transparent
Key risk attributes and potential downside risks for the portfolio and each strategy are well-understood by our Client, Board and Management.
Controlled
Policies, guidelines and control processes are in place to reduce the likelihood of significant losses, and any reputational impact due to our actions is carefully managed.
Our approach to risk management is multi-pronged. This does not mean that there are no risks within the portfolio, but that risks are well-identified and managed within our established risk tolerance.
Back to topMelvin Wells has left Hyde to become the next coach at East Haven (Photo Catherine Avalone)
Melvin Wells was named the next football coach at East Haven after being unanimously approved by the town’s board of education Tuesday.
Wells moves over from Hyde, a team he led to the Class S state championship in 2009.
Wells takes over an Easties program that went 3-8 this past fall and has suffered through 11 straight losing seasons. East Haven, which snapped a 36-game losing streak in 2006, last had a winning season in 2000, when the Easties finished 7-3.
Wells replaces Jim Vicario at East Haven, which competes in the Southern Connecticut Conference Division II East for football. Vicario served as the Easties’ interim coach for the remainder of last season after head coach Anthony Lucibello resigned for personal reasons in October.
“I really believe it’s a place that has potential and a place I can do some good things at,” Wells said. “I’m really interested to see what we can do in a place that really has a big upswing. It’s a place where I think kids want to play, and hopefully we can get them to want to play for us. It’s a huge opportunity going from a Class S program to a Class M school. I’m really excited by it.”
Wells has been the head coach at Hyde since 2007. He compiled a 59-30 record and reached the state playoffs four times. Hyde was Wells’ first head coaching gig.
“First and foremost, the opportunity to coach at Hyde for (eight) seasons was absolutely tremendous,” Wells said. “It was a wonderful experience.”
The Howling Wolves finished 5-6 in each of the past two seasons. Wells said he will likely bring over some assistant coaches from Hyde to East Haven, but nothing’s been finalized. The opening at Hyde has been posted for qualified candidates.
Wells added that Hyde is in talks with Whitney Tech to play as a co-op program. Hyde will serve as the host school and remain in the Pequot Conference.Packers And Movers in Bangalore Konanakunte
Need ? Packers And Movers in Bangalore Konanakunte. BMT Packers And Movers Bangalore, is one of the Best Packers and Movers in Bangalore Konanakunte. Bangalore Konanakunte.
- Low Cost Packers and Movers in Bangalore Konanakunte.
- House shifting Service in Bangalore Konanakunte.
- Professional Packers And Movers in Bangalore Konanakunte.
Packers and Movers Bangalore - Book Trusted Packers and Movers in Bangalore Konanakunte. Get free quote from BMT Packers And Movers Bangalore. We can help you Movers and Packers in Bangalore Konanakunte. your Household Articles will reach safely and timely. We offer comprehensive solution to household shifting. We are offering full moving service which include packing service, loading service, Unloading Service, Unpacking and transportation service.This light forms part of the RETRO MURANO COLLECTION
A new take on our popular Pentagon chandelier series, the Pentagon 3 chandelier is a welcome addition. Combining both retro-chic and modern opulance, the Pentagon 3 chandelier is made up of slanted Murano glass which hang gracefully from a two tiered metal frame and the option of finishing with a frosted cut out diffuser. This latest design is the perfect balance of craftsmanship and contemporary style.Workout offers become really popular among people who else need to appearance great and in the same period end up being healthy irrespective of their age group..
. >Featured in the LCD display screen is definitely some sort of filled array involving complete work out files using 15 distinct ranges regarding opposition and capacity to be able to gain access to 8 diverse training courses. The COVID-19 pandemic is holding up a magnifying glass to longstanding racial inequities in American health care. They are healthy eating plan, physical activity , and mental stability. Many research have examined the link btween normal exercise and bodily fitness and immune system response to vaccination. For people of all ags, weights, and abilities the bnefits of a healthful lifestyle are countless.
And simply to put to that I need to spend period with people I treatment about but Ican’t bcause I experience other items are more important, But thy may. Corresponding to the Shelving units pertaining to Sickness Deterrence and Deal with, moderate-intensity train, like seeing that fast running, is low risk pertaining to a lot of guys and women. To that final end, the Yale Classes of Consumer Wellbeing is exploring the intersection óf consumer wellbeing and the martial arts styles and humanities through an attempt acquiring coordinated by Tutor Judith Lichtman, Ph.D. ’96, T.P.H. ’88, office chair of the Unit of Chronic Sickness Epidemiology..Question: Question 31 The geometry of the nitrite ion, NO2, is best described as trigonal pyramidal bent tetrahedral.
Contents
- 1 What is the molecular geometry of the nitrite ion?
- 2 What is the molecular geometry of the nitrite ion NO2 -?
- 3 What is the geometry molecular geometry of the central atom in the nitrite ion?
- 4 What is the shape of nitrite?
- 5 What is the O-N-O bond angle in the nitrite ion?
- 6 What is the structure of nitrite ion?
- 7 Is nitrite ion NO2 a polar molecule?
- 8 Is nitrite ion trigonal planar?
- 9 What is the shape molecular shape or molecular geometry of the sulfate ion?
- 10 Why is nitrate ion trigonal planar?
- 11 Which ion has tetrahedral shape?
- 12 What is the OSO bond angle?
What is the molecular geometry of the nitrite ion?
Thus, nitrite ion’s molecular geometry is actually bent, not linear as it appears from the Lewis dot structure, and its bond angles are <120°.
What is the molecular geometry of the nitrite ion NO2 -?
We can see that NO2 has a bent molecular geometry and the angle is around 120 degrees. But here we have some exceptions. In NO2, we have 2 Bond Pairs and 1 lone electron. If we look at the nitrite ion NO2-, we have 2 Bond Pairs and 1 Lone pair of electrons.
What is the geometry molecular geometry of the central atom in the nitrite ion?
nitrite ion, N–atom has sp2 hybridisation; so, it adopts bent geometry, for NO2–, actual O-N-O bond angle is 115 ° (yes, it’s slightly deviated from expected 120° because of repulsion between the interacting bond pairs and lone pair of electrons.
What is the shape of nitrite?
The nitrate(III) ion, NO2– (nitrite ion) is bent shaped (angular), O-N-O bond angle ~120o due to two groups of bonding electrons and one lone pair of electrons. The nitrate(V) ion, NO3– (nitrate ion) is trigonal planar, O-N-O bond angle 120o due to three bonding groups of electrons and no lone pairs of electrons.
What is the O-N-O bond angle in the nitrite ion?
Nitrite ion with an O-N-O bond angle of 115.4° (according to Gillespie and Hargittai).
What is the structure of nitrite ion?
The nitrite ion has a symmetrical structure (C2v symmetry), with both N–O bonds having equal length and a bond angle of about 115°. In valence bond theory, it is described as a resonance hybrid with equal contributions from two canonical forms that are mirror images of each other.
Is nitrite ion NO2 a polar molecule?
NO2 (or nitrogen dioxide) is neutral as a gas, but can easily become NO2- (nitrite ion) in solution, demonstrating its polar nature. It is polar. Answer: NO2 is polar molecule due to the presence of a lone pair of electrons whose electron-electron repulsion results in a bent structure.
Is nitrite ion trigonal planar?
Nitrite has the greater bond angle because a linear bond angle is greater than a trigonal planar bond angle. C) Nitrite has the greater bond angle because a trigonal planar bond angle is greater than a tetrahedral bond angle.
What is the shape molecular shape or molecular geometry of the sulfate ion?
SO42- Shape As predicted by the VSEPR theory, a molecule that consists of the central atom forming bonds with four atoms has a tetrahedral shape; a sulfate ion also has a tetrahedral shape.
Why is nitrate ion trigonal planar?
Remember that whenever oxygen only makes one bond, it’s going to have 3 lone pairs in order to have a full octet but that actually gives it one extra valence electron. We can see that we have central atom and we have 3 groups, 3 atoms around the central atom with no lone pairs. That is why we have trigonal planar.).
What is the OSO bond angle?
Mar 6, 2017. ∠O−S−O= 120∘.It is a truth universally acknowledged, that whenever a playwright writes a good play, she will be vigorously pursued by prestigious theatre companies.
“My dear Mr Bennet,” said his lady to him one day, “have you heard that Prestigious Theatre Company has a new artistic director?”
Mr Bennet replied he had not.
“Apparently,” returned she, “he is very interested in new Australian work.”
Mr Bennet remained silent. His wife took this as invitation to continue.
“Interested in new Australian work! What a fine thing for our girls!”
“How so? How can it affect them?”
“Mr Bennet, how can you be so tiresome? You know they are all playwrights. This new artistic director will no doubt want to produce their plays.”
Mr Bennet returned to his book.
“Now I’m the first to admit,” continued Mrs Bennet, “I find Lizzy’s plays a little confusing. Other people find them amusing, but to my mind, she never seems to be saying what she really means.”
“It’s referred to as irony,” Mr Bennet stated flatly.
“I know that!” replied Mrs Bennett.
“Of course you do, dear” said Mr Bennet, even more flatly.
Satisfied, Mrs Bennet continued. “And Mary’s plays are so wordy, and I can’t quite understand them, but they’re very clever, I’m sure. And Lydia’s plays are skittish, the work of an immature artist, but they were good enough for Short and Sweet. And Jane, quiet unassuming Jane; she’s always done the right thing. Who wouldn’t want to produce her plays?”
– from the manuscript of the (unpublished) Jane Austen novel Approval and Validation
Sometimes you just gotta to do it yourself .
You can write a damn good play and it still mightn’t get produced.
Maybe it’s political. And I don’t mean who owes who, or who’s competing with who, or even who’s sleeping with who. I mean political.
Every play is an attempt to convince the audience to see the world in a particular way. Every play is an attempt to affect the world. Your plays will be put on by people who share your vision of the world. And, if there already are a whole lot of people who share your vision, you probably wouldn’t have bothered writing the play in the first place.
So be prepared to do it yourself. And be proud of it.
Veronica KayeABSTRACT
The study was carried out to find the efficiency of banking activities with the application of computer. Attention was directed on the relationship between the contributions of computer application towards banking activities in the economy.
The scope of the work was not all the wide, but the study was able to come up with face that banking sector, improves tremendously with the computer. It is of great importance of both the ministers and the researcher since it helps to find whether the economy that is the banking sector can go for with the help of computer likewise, it helped to broaden the mind of the researcher on the problem that computer specialist in banks can face in the course of their banking activities.
The literature review was completed from the existing textbook and computer application and lecture notes all from the school library and journals and newspapers.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Title page
Approval page
Dedication
Acknowledgement
Abstract
Proposal page
Table of content
Certification page
CHAPTER ONE
INTRODUCTION
1.1 Background of the study
1.2 Statement of problem
1.3 Purpose of the study
1.4 Significant of the study
1.5 Scope and limitation
1.6 Definition of terms
REFERENCE
CHAPTER TWO
LITERATURE REVIEW
2.1 Definition
2.2 Function in banking system
2.3 Ways of regulating the topic
2.4 Internet society
2.5 Network applications
2.6 Electronic in the banking
2.7 Commercial banks
2.8 Other financial institutions
2.9 Computer and the management
2.10 Communication companies
2.11 Industry obsolescence
REFERENCES
CHAPTER THREE
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY
3.1 Sources of data
3.2 Location of data
3.3 Analysis of data
3.4 Method of investigation
REFERENCES
CHAPTER FOUR
4.0 Summary of findings
CHAPTER FIVE
5.0 Conclusion
5.1 Recommendation
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Disclaimer: Note this academic material is intended as a guide for your academic research work. Do not copy word for word. Note: For Computer or Programming related works, some works might not contain source codes
CITE THIS WORK
(2014, 11). The Effects Of Computer Application On Profit Of Bank’s In Nigeria.. ProjectStoc.com. Retrieved 11, 2014, from
"The Effects Of Computer Application On Profit Of Bank’s In Nigeria." ProjectStoc.com. 11 2014. 2014. 11 2014 <>.
"The Effects Of Computer Application On Profit Of Bank’s In Nigeria.." ProjectStoc.com. ProjectStoc.com, 11 2014. Web. 11 2014. <>.
"The Effects Of Computer Application On Profit Of Bank’s In Nigeria.." ProjectStoc.com. 11, 2014. Accessed 11, 2014..
- Related Works
- An Examination Of The Problem And Prospect Of Financing State Government Projects Through The Capital Market
- An Assessment Of Loan Defaults And Its Impacts On Profitability In Eco Bank Plc
- Community Banking System In Nigreria And The Promotion Of Rural Development
- Operational Risk Management In Nigeria Banks’ (a Case Study Of Guaranty Trust Bank Plc)
- The Causes And Effects Of Liquidity Problem On The Nigeria
- Impact Of Commercial Bank Credit On Agricultural Development In Anambra State
- The Roles Of Central Bank Of Nigeria And Merchant Banks In Financial International Trade In Nigeria. A Case Study Of Cbn Enugu. And Crown Merchant Bank Benin
- Credit Management In Nigeria Communicial Banks. (a Case Study Of First And Union Banks Of Nigeria Phe, Enugu).
- An Appraisal Of Impact Of Electronic Banking In Zenith Bank Nigeria Plc, Kano
- Challenges Facing The Nigeria Banking Industry‘Forever chemicals’ found in groundwater at dozens of Minn. landfills least 10 times higher than the state’s health-based advisory values. One — Gofer Landfill near Fairmont in Martin County — is more than 1,300 times higher.
The findings highlight the ubiquitous nature of PFAS, or per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, a large class of man-made chemicals. They are found in a wide variety of products, including nonstick cookware, waterproof clothing, carpet, food packaging and firefighting foam.
Known for their durability, PFAS don’t break down easily and tend to accumulate in the environment, humans and wildlife. Some PFAS have been linked to negative health impacts including low birth weight, kidney and thyroid problems and some cancers.
Most of the focus on PFAS in Minnesota’s drinking water has focused on the east Twin Cities metro area, where chemicals produced for decades by 3M contaminated the water supply of about 140,000 residents. 3M agreed to pay $850 million to settle legal claims filed by the state attorney general.
However, the latest finding is part of a growing body of evidence that the PFAS problem is much more widespread than previously thought.
“These closed landfills are throughout the state,” MPCA Commissioner Laura Bishop said. “They are in suburbs, greater Minnesota regional centers and small rural communities. They are next to our homes, our businesses and our farms.”
The MPCA said in total, it found PFAS contamination at nearly all — 98 of 101 — closed landfills it tested. The 59 landfills with PFAS levels higher than the safe drinking limits are located in 41 different counties, stretching from the Northwest Angle nearly to the Iowa border.
The 15 with the highest levels are located across the state — in Martin, Dakota, Washington, Anoka, Isanti, Stearns, Scott, Faribault, Watonwan, Le Sueur, Pine, and St. Louis counties. The chemicals found at those sites were PFOA and PFOS, the two most well-known PFAS compounds, which are no longer manufactured in the United States.
Groundwater provides drinking water for about three-fourths of Minnesotans. State health officials set the health-based values to indicate what level of chemicals it considers safe for people to drink over their entire lifetime.
Gofer Landfill, north of Fairmont in Martin County, closed in 1986. The MPCA said multiple PFAS were detected in groundwater at concentrations 1,343 times the health risk limit at that landfill. The agency said it tested all drinking water wells within a mile of the landfill and did not find any PFAS, and the city of Fairmont’s source of drinking water — Budd Lake — is not affected.
At Louisville Landfill near Shakopee, seven of 12 active groundwater monitoring wells indicated high PFAS levels. An underground fire also started at the landfill in late 2020.
The landfill, located near the Minnesota River in Scott County, closed in 1990. The MPCA plans to test the river, Gifford Lake and nearby residential wells.
MPCA officials say the agency will expand water monitoring and testing efforts to get a better idea of the scope of the contamination and if further action is needed, such as providing residents whose wells are affected with bottled water. They also said more study is needed of active landfills, which were not part of the closed landfill monitoring.
Last month, state officials outlined a broad “blueprint” to address PFAS pollution, including designating them as hazardous substances under Minnesota’s Superfund law. State regulators say that would make it easier for the state to hold companies financially liable for cleaning up PFAS pollution.
That proposal and several other PFAS-related bills are under consideration at the Legislature.
The blueprint also calls for additional state funding — about $3 million over the next two years — for researchers to identify sources of PFAS in the environment, including how the chemicals are coming into landfills, compost sites and wastewater treatment plants — and ending up in Minnesota’s waters.
The MPCA also requested the ability to use funds from a closed landfill program to address unexpected environmental releases, rather than waiting for the Legislature to approve funding.
Deanna White, state director of the nonprofit Clean Water Action, said the latest discovery isn’t surprising given that products containing PFAS have been used and discarded for years.
“Unfortunately, the chemicals don't break down,” White said. “So this is just further proof that PFAS contamination is not just an east metro problem or a problem for communities that are close to airports, or even just for communities with landfills with closed landfills. Wherever we test for PFAS, we will likely find it.”
>>IMAGE.When Kingsburg Joint Union High School District voted Monday to arm teachers and staff, they joined two other California school districts that have already done the same.
Kingsburg’s policy allows up to five teachers and staff to be armed with concealed carry handguns at any given time on campus.
According to the Los Angeles Times, the Folsom Cordova Unified School District has had a policy in place since 2010 allowing certain staff members to bring guns on campus. Their policy was not publicized until last month, when Folsom Cordova’s superintendent, Deborah Bettencourt, sent a letter to parents explaining that certain staff members had guns as a “safety measure.”
A stark difference between the Folsom Cordova policy and the one at Kingsburg is that Folsom Cordova allows only staff to be armed; “teachers and bus drivers are not permitted to have guns on campus.” Moreover, staff members who bring guns must “store” them in a central location in the school, whereas the teachers and staff at Kingsburg will keep the guns on their persons for “immediate” response to threats.
The Folsom Cordova district has “32 school sites,” and they do not publicize how many of them have armed staff.
Anderson Union High School District, located in Shasta County, also allows staff to bring guns to school.
California law allows districts to have armed teachers and/or staff on campus as long as the district has a written policy in place which sets forth requirements and guidelines..Dundee City Box Office – Ticketing Terms and Conditions
The following sets out the Terms and Conditions or rules that govern the purchase by You of tickets from Us (Leisure and Culture Dundee, Scottish Incorporated Organisation Number SCO42421 and having our principle offices at 1 Shore Terrace, Dundee DD1 3AH) via the Dundee City Box Office Website. You expressly agree to be bound by these Ticketing Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws.
By agreeing to these Ticketing Terms and Conditions You are also agreeing to the Dundee City Box Office Website Terms and Conditions of Access and Use and the Dundee City Box Office Website Privacy Policy.
The Effective Date of these Terms and Conditions is 1 July 2016.
We may change these Ticketing Terms and Conditions from time to time. You should therefore check the Effective Date each time you visit the Site.
If you do not agree to any of these Terms and Conditions then you should leave this Website immediately.
Conditions of Sale
Tickets for all events or performances sold via this Website are sold by Us as agent for the promoter or organiser of the event or performance. Details of the identity of the Event Promoter are made available on the front of the ticket where reasonable to do so, otherwise details are available on request from the box office.
Tickets issued by Us on behalf of the promoter or organiser are subject to these Ticketing Terms and Conditions, together with any other additional terms, conditions or directions which may be shown on the ticket or otherwise made known to You.
The promoter or organiser of the event or performance reserves the right to:
- make reasonably necessary alterations to the advertised event arrangements, featured participants or programme;
- cancel or abandon any event without notice and without liability for compensation or damage other than up to a maximum of the ticket price (though if an event cancels in advance We will make reasonable attempts to contact you using the details You have provided);
- restrict ticket sales to a maximum number per person and/or household and cancel any tickets purchased in excess of this;
- provide alternative tickets at the event or performance should the staging of the event or performance so require eg due to unavoidable seating changes.
- Tickets are not transferable and You may not resell them for profit or commercial gain or use them in promotions or packages without the prior written permission of Us or the promoter or organiser.
Ticket Issues
All tickets purchased via our website are subject to a £2.50 transaction charge. Tickets will be sent by post to the address provided by You.
Tickets held for collection at the venue box office can be collected on the day of the event or performance. The cardholder should collect the tickets in person, together with the card used to purchase the tickets. The cardholder may be asked to sign for the release of the tickets.
You must produce a valid ticket to attend the event or performance and removing parts of, defacing or otherwise altering Your ticket may render it void. Lost, destroyed or stolen tickets may not be replaced.
Tickets cannot be returned to the venue box office after purchase, unless the event or performance is cancelled. Refunds in the event of cancellation will not under any circumstances exceed the face value of the tickets. There will be no exchanges of tickets to another event or performance or refund of any applicable delivery charges, booking fees or other charges. Refunds will only be made to You the purchaser and not to the ticketholder. Refunds will not be made at the venue and will be made within a reasonable time period following the scheduled event or performance.
If the tickets are returned to Us as addressee unknown or are otherwise undeliverable, We and/or the promoter or organiser reserves the right to cancel the order.
It is Your responsibility to check tickets upon receipt to ensure that all details are correct. Please contact Us immediately if you have any queries. You are advised to check timings with the venue before travelling as late changes may be made.
If You experience any problems with your seating enjoyment prior to or during the event or performance please inform venue staff immediately as issues cannot be resolved after the event or performance.
Payment
Payment shall be made in GBP by MasterCard, VISA, or such other payment card that We may authorise when an order is placed. Payment will be debited from the account given before the dispatch of tickets. We will take all reasonable care to keep order and payment details secure, but purchases from this website are at Your risk. Credit card sales transactions will however be encrypted.
You undertake that all details you provide to Us for the purpose of booking, ordering or purchasing tickets or any other goods or services via the Website are correct, that the credit or debit card you are using is Your own and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the ticket or other product or service. If there are any changes to the details supplied by You, You must inform Us as soon as possible.
Admission Restrictions
The right to refuse admission or to eject customers in reasonable circumstances (for example taking health and safety, environmental and security concerns into account) is reserved to the management and security staff at the venue where the event or performance is taking place, who may on occasion have to conduct security searches to ensure Your safety and that of other patrons attending the event or performance. You and other patrons may be refused entry or ejected from the venue on account of being (or appearing to be) under age (where relevant), declining to be searched, abusive, threatening, drunken or other anti-social behaviour, carrying offensive weapons or illegal substances or are otherwise in the opinion of the Venue management adversely affecting other patrons' enjoyment of the event or performance. No refunds will be offered to patrons who are refused entry or ejected in such circumstances.
No cans, bottles, alcohol or food to be taken into the venue and such items may be confiscated. Only food and drink purchased on the premises may be consumed in the Venue.
No cameras or video or audio recording equipment are permitted within the venue without the express permission of the promoter or organiser. Use of such cameras or video or recording equipment may cause You to infringe copyright laws. Any such cameras or other equipment being used without such permission may be confiscated.
Latecomers will only be admitted into the venue auditorium at a suitable break in the performance and at the discretion of the venue management staff.
Any venue plans shown via this Web-site or otherwise show indicative seating layout(s) only. Venue management reserves the right to change allocated seats at short notice depending on individual production requirements and/or for any other operational reason.
By attending the event or performance You consent to being photographed filmed or recorded as part of the audience for security and such other purposes as We may reasonably determine. We may broadcast, publish, and use any such photographs, films, recordings in perpetuity.
Show Content
The promoter or organiser reserves the right to alter or change the event programme or content at any time. We acts as agent only and have no control over the event programme or content.
We disclaim any liability for the standard of performance at or artistic content of any event and any complaints in that regard should be made directly to the promoter or organiser.
Liability
Except as required by law, We shall have any further liability to You beyond the face value of the tickets purchased. We shall not be responsible to You or any other ticket holder for any indirect losses or damages including, but not limited to, loss of enjoyment, goodwill or profit and/or travel or accommodation expenses.
Data Protection
Your details and any other information disclosed by you during the ordering process shall be governed by and subject to the Dundee City Box Office Privacy Policy. By submitting an order for tickets you are agreeing to be bound by same.
Severability
If any court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these terms to be void or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of the courts finding without affecting the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Jurisdiction
These Terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with Scots Law and you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish Courts.
- To contact us please email dundeebox@leisureandculturedundee.com
These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to apply to all tickets sold via this Website.The International Business Times is composed of twelve high-growth editions that give readers local reports balanced with multinational perspectives. Exclusive and transparent insights from global markets make The International Business Times an indispensable news source for business-minded individuals.
For more information please visit
Minyanville is an Emmy Award-winning destination site with a portfolio of applications and subscription products geared toward the professional and active trading and investing audience. Licensed by many of the world's largest financial institutions, Minyanville provides lead-edge solutions and content that generate ideas and build community. The online site features a roster of more than 40 world-class "Professors" comprised of traders, money managers, and some of the best minds in business media.
For more information please visit
MissionPR provides a full suite of public relations services that encompass traditional media, social media, crisis communication, special events, and more. Leveraging a team of experienced and passionate professionals, MissionPR works closely with clients to advance their message, establish credibility, and deliver the best possible outcome.
For more information please visit
MissionSMR leverages the power of social networking to reach existing and prospective investors in ways that were previously impossible. Utilizing the experience of its social media team, proven strategies, and established networks, MissionSMR is able to quickly develop and execute a comprehensive plan designed to actively engage the online investor community.
For more information please visit
Nasdaq is a leading provider of clearing, trading, listing, exchange technology, information and public company services in six different continents. Known as the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, the company's technology now powers more than 70 marketplaces in 50 countries. GlobeNewswire, one of Nasdaq's many companies, is one of the world's largest distribution networks and a key distribution partner of NetworkNewsWire.
For more information please visit
OTC Markets (OTCM) operates the world's largest OTC marketplace for equity securities. The company's OTC Link trading system delivers price transparency in over 10,000 securities and enables direct interaction between broker-dealers that provide liquidity and execution services. OTC Markets organizes the marketplace by categorizing the wide spectrum of OTC-traded companies into three tiers: OTCQX, OTCQB, and OTCPink.
For more information please visit
PRWeb, the world's most socially shared and highest-rated SEO news release service, delivers announcements to more than 250,000 subscribers, 30,000 websites, and 30,000 bloggers and journalists. In addition to receiving far greater news coverage, clients also benefit from boosted search engine rankings and increased web traffic. News releases distributed by PRWeb are seen by an estimated 2.7 million people every day.
For more information please visit
The Bowser Report traces its roots back to the 1970s when R. Max Bowser recognized tremendous value in certain companies trading under $3 per share. These companies required less capital than larger companies and provided investors with greater leverage. To discover which opportunities were the best, Max formed what became the Bowser Rating System and Bowser Game Plan. These combine to form an investment strategy for buying and selling low-priced stocks.
Later, Max decided to share his findings with other investors via the first issue of The Bowser Report. This first issue was sent to approximately 100 subscribers. In just under 40 years, tens of thousands of investors have subscribed to The Bowser Report. Today, The Bowser report is an online service with a weekly newsletter as well as daily updates, and subscribers receive more timely information regarding low-priced stocks than ever before.
For more information,DONATE
Ballots are OUT NOW, and we have less than 3 weeks to defeat this racist, right-wing Recall. Real estate giants have already raised over $130,000 to pour into this election, and we urgently need many more grassroots donations from our supporters so that we can combat them. In 2019, we thwarted big business’s attempt to buy the election – we need to do that again. In order to defeat the Recall, we need to build the biggest Get-Out-the-Vote campaign in Seattle’s history. Can you donate $500, $100, $27, or any amount today to help us talk to as many District 3 voters as possible in these coming days?
Donations by check may be sent to:
Kshama Solidarity Campaign, PO Box 20611, Seattle, WA 98102EUL Journal of Social Sciences IV:I, pp. 73-83.
ISSN/ISBN: Not available at this time. DOI: Not available at this time.
Note - this is a foreign language paper: TUR
There are no links available at this time.
Abstract: One of the most important mathematical methods employed in auditing is Benford’s Law and digital analysis performed within this scope. Benford’s Law is a mathematical theory based on a logarithm of probability of occurence of digits. It provides the auditor with an efficient and simple means of detecting possible errors, frauds, or other irregularities. The auditor is better able to isolate whether the digital distribution of the data examined by digital analysis is compatible with the actual distribution. The current study investigates the utility of Benford’s Law with auditing purposes. In the first part, historical development of Benford’s Law and theoretical frame of the study is dealt with and related literature is examined. The second part focuses on the application of Benford’s Law on auditing by explaining under what conditions the digital anaysis is useful or invalid.
Bibtex:
@article {,
AUTHOR = {Boztepe, Engin},
TITLE = {Benford Kanunu ve Muhasebe Denetiminde Kullanılabilirliği},
JOURNAL = {EUL Journal of Social Sciences},
YEAR = {2013},
VOLUME = {IV},
NUMBER = {I},
PAGES = {73--83},
}
Reference Type: Journal Article
Subject Area(s): AccountingWidely acclaimed for their sonic performance, one-ear monitoring capability, and foldable, travel-friendly design, the black Audio-Technica ATH-M50x M-Series monitor headphones offer pro-grade build quality and audio performance for professional studio-based production, location recording, DJing, podcasting, and daily listening. Outfitted with 45mm large-aperture dynamic drivers and an over-ear, closed-back design, the ATH-M50x headphones deliver clarity, deep bass, and extended bandwidth (15 Hz to 28 kHz) while isolating you from outside sounds.
Thanks to the 90° swiveling earcups, pro-quality materials, and generous cushioning on the headband and earpads, the headphones are both durable and comfortable to wear. Three detachable, single-sided cables—one coiled and two straight—are included for optimal operation in the studio or on the go. Each cable sports a gold-plated 3.5mm mini plug for use with mobile devices and computer soundcards, and a 1/4" screw-on adapter is included for easy hookup to audio interfaces, mixers, and stereo receivers. A carrying pouch is supplied with the ATH-M50x for convenient storage and transport of the headphones.Description
Heart Disease Support Prescription Pack is a natural remedy pack specially formulated by qualified animal naturopath. The remedies and information included in this pack are aimed at supporting animals diagnosed with congestive heart disease or heart failure.
Heart Disease Support Prescription Pack contains the following natural remedies and supplements:
- 15ml Homeopathic HRT AID remedy
- 15ml Homeopathic FLUID remedy
- 50ml Herbal Heart Repair tonic
- 50ml Herbal Heart Fluid tonic
Heart Disease Support Prescription Pack Optional Extras:
CoQ10 supplement to help support healthy heart
L-Taurine is an amino acid that may help support healthy heart function
L-Carnitine is another amino acid that may help support healthy heart function
Synbiotic 180-S Probiotic and Enzyme supplement is recommended if your pet has been on antibiotics
Dynacol natural zeolite is a detox supplement to help remove toxins from the body
Greenpet Hemp Nectar an all-natural source of energy, protein and Omegas
Vets all natural Health booster.
Joy (verified owner) –
Absolutely fantastic as my 16.5yrs girl had a bad cough. Virtually gone bar little bit at night.
Tegan M. (verified owner) –
Love these products
Sharon M (verified owner) –
Huge change in my dog much more exercise tolerance no side effects.
Kat (verified owner) –
My dog has probably the worst heart you would hear it’s terrifying to listen to. He is on cardisure and gets fluid on his lungs. With this treatment I was able to stop his antibiotics and diuretics and he is coughing less. He is also back to playing with his toys . Thank you 🙏 xx ❤️About Microfiber Sheets & Pillowcases
Sheets are a necessity for every bed and good sheets are needed for a good night of sleep. Microfiber sheets are very thin yet are durable and exceptionally smooth and comfortable. They are a wonderful option and certainly worth looking into.
Microfiber Sheets & Pillowcase Materials
Microfiber is composed of very finely woven fibers and defined by their thickness. Many microfibers are made in the lab instead of forming naturally in nature. They can be made from wood pulp, or polyester and nylon polymers. For a material to be considered a microfiber, it must be less than 1 “denier” in diameter. In comparison, consider that fine silk measures at 1.25 deniers. It is thinner and smoother than silk!
Your Options with Microfiber Sheets & Pillowcases
City Mattress carries microfiber linens from top brands like Malouf and PureCare. You can purchase a complete sheet set, bed skirt, and down comforter alternative directly through our website. We make it easy to complete your microfiber slumber oasis!
What Else You Should Know About Microfiber Sheets & Pillowcases
Microfiber sheets are a tightly woven and thin fabric, therefore giving this material a durable quality. A high-quality microfiber increases the strength and quality of these linens. Even with daily or weekly washing, your sheets will last!
Learn More About Microfiber Sheets & Pillowcases
What is microfiber sheets?
Sheets made of microfiber are made of a fabric composed of extremely fine fibers of polyester. They are affordable and soft, and they resist pilling more than traditional polyester fabric does.
Are microfiber sheets hot? Do they make you sweat?
While microfiber is not "hot," polyester is less breathable than cotton and is probably not the best choice for those with sensitive skin or who tend to get warm while they sleep.
Is microfiber sheets better than cotton?
The main advantage of microfiber sheets is that they are woven using advanced technology in laboratories. As a result of this, the fibers are so finely woven that they become incredibly tight which causes them to be very good at repelling stains. They also dry very quickly. Microfiber sheets are great for people with allergies as they repel any dust or airborne allergens.
Are microfiber sheets comfortable?
Yes! In fact, many people consider microfiber some of the best sheets on the market in terms of comfort.
What is a good thread count for microfiber sheets and pillowcases?
Typically a thread count of 300 or higher indicates a good quality sheet, which in turn will be more comfortable and soft to the touch.
Are microfiber pillowcases good for skin?
Microfiber sheets are great for people with allergies as they repel any dust or airborne allergens. This means you are less likely to break out from any irritants.
How often should I wash my microfiber pillowcase?
Experts recommend washing your microfiber pillowcase every three weeks in the washing machine.
What are microfiber sheets made of?
Microfiber sheets are composed of extremely fine fibers of polyester woven very tightly together.
Do microfiber sheets pill?
No! One of the great advantages of microfiber sheets is that they do not pill.New Delhi [India], Oct. 1 : Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday extended his greetings to the nation on the auspicious occasion of Navratri.
"My greetings to everyone as the auspicious Navratri commences," Prime Minister Modi tweeted. The festival of Navratri begins today. This year Navratri will be celebrated for 10 days. The festival will culminate on October 11 with Dussehra celebrations. Meanwhile, Navratri celebrations began in Gujarat. The state government has organized vibrant Gujarat Navratri Mahotsav, a garba festival at GMDC Ground in Ahmedabad.
Thousands of devotees are reaching at the temples of Ashapura Mata at Mata na Madh in Kutch, Ambaji Mata temple in North Gujarat and Bahuchraji Mata Temple in Central Gujarat.
Garba and Dandiya groups have also been organized during this Navratri festival. Chief Minnister Vijay Rupani will inaugurate the Vibrant Gujarat Navratri Mahotsav at Ahmedabad this evening.
Navratri is known for its ancient, traditional and modern garba and dandiya in Gujarat hugely participated by young generation.
In Himachal Pradesh, the devotees in large number are reaching at historical temples since morning on the beginning of Ashwin or Sharad Navratras from today.
They are paying obeisance before various forms of Goddess Durga while special Puja and Havan Yagya have also begun in temples.
During the Navratras, thousands of devotees are expected to visit historical temples in the state. Therefore, the district administrations, especially in three districts Kangra, Bilaspur and Una have made elaborate arrangements to facilitate devotees.
Source: ANIThe Key to Coping with Back to Campus Anxiety
With the COVID-19 vaccine continuing to roll out, many places are lifting mask mandates, and life seems to be returning to some level of normal. But the idea of normal feels inaccurate when the pandemic and past year has left people without loved ones, experiencing persistent health problems, having an increased awareness of racial inequality, and with a renewed critique of the impact capitalism has on our lives.
We can’t help but wonder what returning to campus will look and feel like knowing that instructors, students, university staff, and everyone in between have suffered some unusual challenges over the past year. Many of us will feel overwhelmed, intimidated, uncomfortable, or just plain anxious.
So how do we move forward knowing that things are continuing to evolve, and we’re still facing so much unknown?
Lead with Kindness, Not Niceness
The most important lesson we can all learn is that if it hurts it hurts, and what might be traumatic for some might not be traumatic for others. It is not up to us to decide how someone else copes with their challenges, and it is unfair to brush off what is real to another. More importantly, it is not a right for all of us to know all the details of someone’s life, especially their most painful moments. The best thing we can do is treat one another with kindness.
Let’s be clear: being kind is not the same as being nice.
The key difference is that nice means doing what’s polite, what’s expected of you, and fitting the social or cultural norm. Being kind is letting empathy, compassion, and respect for yourself and others take the lead.
Kindness is more challenging because it forces us to acknowledge hard truths about ourselves or others, but it leads to more genuine interactions and connections that in the long run solidify our relationships.
Considering the amount of change we’ve all experienced in the past year, choose kindness. Choose forgiveness. Choose grace for yourself and others. Our minds, bodies, and souls have survived a pandemic, and by no means was it easy.
We all will continue to find ways to cope, heal, and recover likely for years to come. Just because the world continues to move along towards normal doesn’t mean that any of us are who we used to be, or that normal is what we should strive for, to begin with.Standard UK delivery included
Enquire today
About this Product
A White Treat Tin filled with Quality Street. Decorated with a gold “Treats” Embossed sticker to the front of the tin and branded with a full colour domed label to the lid.
Ingredients
Quality Street:). For allergens: see ingredients in BOLD. Store in a cool, dry place.Microsoft.
- Real-time protection from viruses, Trojans, and malware
- System scanning (automatic and manual)
- System cleaning
- Windows Firewall integration
- Dynamic signature service
- Rootkit protection
- Security against online threats such as malware, virus, ransomware, Trojan etc,I have exciting news for all you super hero fans – Marvel Universe LIVE! is coming to Canada this summer! This first-ever live Marvel show has been extremely successful in the US so they’ve decided to bring it to eight Canadian cities this summer. Your super hero fans are going to want to see this spectacular show full of special effects, stunts and their favourite Marvel characters.
These tickets would make a great gift for a special birthday or an end of the school year celebration! Imagine the excitement on your child’s face when they find out they are going to see their favourite super hero in a live show! Now if that’s not reason enough for a super hero party, I don’t know what is!
About Marvel Universe LIVE!
Does your child have a favourite Marvel character? This show includes more than 25 Marvel characters so it’s sure to have something for everyone. Who will you be cheering for in this epic battle between good & evil?.
This live show puts you in the middle of it all with movie style action and stunts. They utilize the full arena for this show so there’s going to be action all around you!
What makes the Marvel Universe LIVE! show so spectacular for both kids & adults to enjoy?
- transformative 3D projection
- the industry’s most talented stunt performers
- never before seen arena mechanics
- innovative lighting design
Sounds cool, right? This is a show that everyone will be talking about this summer so you don’t want to miss it! Tickets are on sale now for the following cities:
-
You can follow this excitement on the Marvel on Tour social media pages: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube plus join their newsletter for special announcements.
They want to see your excitement for the show too! Share your excitement & show reviews with the #MarvelUniverseLive hashtag.
Ready for more exciting news? I have a pack of 4 family tickets to give away! ERV= $300
Giveaway Rules & Regulations:
- Giveaway is open to Canadian residents who are 18 years of age or older.
- Giveaway is void where prohibited by law.
-.
- This giveaway ends March 31st, 2015.
- The winner will be notified by email.
-.
10 thoughts on “Marvel Universe Live”
Great contest! Ty for the chance!
Good luck, Laura!
My son loves avengers
Good luck, Candace!
This is a great contest and opportunity! Thank you! My son would love this, he will be 3 in May and is absolutely obsessed with superheroes! 🙂
Good luck to you, Danielle!
Wow! My son would LOVE this! Thank you so much for the opportunity 🙂
My boys and husband will flip if I win! 🙂 Thanks for the contest!
Thanks for the great contest!
Oooh my kids would freak out! Thanks for the chance!My own experiences as a foreign language learner have always played an essential role in guiding my pedagogical approach to the teaching of foreign languages and cultures, and supported the importance of realia that informed my teaching. To this day, I am more likely to remember vocabulary, idioms and irregular verbs from some song, comic book, magazine, TV show or video game. I never deny that foreign language teaching and language classes provided me with very useful, necessary structures, but I feel that it was the time I spent with my pop culture realia, especially interactive games, that bolstered my ability to communicate in multiple languages. These sources reinforced grammatical structures learned through traditional instruction, but they also taught me idioms and slang, all of which I would not have been able to access in a “regular” classroom.
Since I began teaching in the US college classroom in fall 1994, I have always combined traditional teaching methods (grammar; syntax; and the interactive method) with realia, authentic cultural artifacts in the target language. All of my foreign language students, from elementary through advanced, are exposed to literature, poetry, cinema, comics & graphic novels, TV series, songs and games (traditional language-classroom word games; board games; “serious” video games; learning apps; and commercially-available video games).
The rise of video games as a mass phenomenon, which began around 1997 with the Sony PlayStation and with the popularity of the excellent interactive, animated role-playing games (RPGs) of Square Enix, such as the Final Fantasy series, led me to explore the full potential of video games as interactive multimedia narratives in the language classroom. At the time, I was a Graduate Fellow in Italian at Trinity College in Hartford, CT, where they had just received a substantial Mellon Grant for language technology development. This allowed me to obtain the resources to experiment early on with digital realia. Along with my scholarly duties, I was also working as a freelance writer for one of the leading Italian video game magazine at the time, Super Console. The experience further stimulated my intellectual curiosity regarding the potential use of video games in learning. The process for my classroom experimentation in those days was a complex one. It involved using an Italian copy of Final Fantasy VIII (the fist chapter to have been fully localized in Italian) in the PAL (Italian) video standard running on a modified, region-free PlayStation 1 system in the NTSC (North American) television standard connected to a multi-standard projector in a high-end, state-of-the-art multimedia lab.
Things are much easier now thanks to recent technical advancements, namely the advent of HDMI and, as a consequence, region-free and multi-language games. I can purchase a game anywhere in the world and play it anywhere in the world, in multiple languages.
While I do not believe that video games and other digital realia should replace “regular” teaching, I am convinced that they can be used to reinforce and expand vocabulary and structures. Some specific recent video games are fully interactive multimedia experiences combining real-time animation, speech/dialogue, subtitles, writing/textual interaction and, in some cases, even spoken interaction in the form of audio/video chat with other users. Cinematic games can serve as excellent realia, enhancing language and, in some cases, culture acquisition. Such is the case of the Assassin’s Creed series in and outside the classroom.
Based on my research and teaching experience, the use of video games and other related realia (online gaming magazines, YouTube videos, reviews, etc.), both in and outside the classroom, has shown to be a very effective didactic tool for reinforcing linguistic skills and exposing students to contemporary cultures of other nations and groups.
Cinematic games with a high emphasis on communication contain plenty of opportunities to reinforce a variety of grammatical forms and explore new vocabulary through listening and reading comprehension, lexical expansion and problem solving. Each main chapter in the Assassin’s Creed series, with its outstanding recreation of everyday life and culture of the specific era and geographical areas it is set in, allows educators like me, in languages and cultures, but also in other fields such as architecture and the social sciences, to explore first-hand several aspects of life in those times and places in dynamic, immersive and interactive ways.
What I apply in my teaching is game-based learning (GBL). GBL is pedagogy, closely connected to play theory where learners apply critical thinking (Farber M., Gamify your classroom: A Field Guide to Game-Based Learning, 2017, 2nd ed.) My course was developed with the assistance of the SLU Reinert Center for Transformative Teaching and Leaning in fall 2016, as a recipient of a competitive fellowship. In spring 2017, I used the SLU Reinert Learning Studio (a state-of-the-art, high-tech learning space) to teach Intensive Italian for Gamers, which combines “traditional” intensive language instruction with gaming-based interaction. Within the pedagogical premise that language acquisition is a process that involves, and benefits from, daily interactions in the language in and outside the classroom, the course targeted the specific segment of the 10% (PEW Research Center: pewresearch.org) of the student population that self-identify as gamers.
Based on my learning experience, teaching experience and research, I believed that a strong, shared interest in gaming would stimulate and enhance the students’ learning process, thus justifying the intensive nature of the course. So, I created an “Affinity Group”, which, as research shows, enhances learning. While more long-term research must be done, initial results through testing and surveys indicate that my premise is correct. You know how excited you get when you communicate with a group of peers that share your exact same interests/passions? Such situations have been shown to foster F/L2 acquisition.
Video games are effective not just because they are fun, but because they are challenging (). They are difficult, and repetition enhances comprehension and memorization.
Total Physical Response (TPR) theory, Csikszentmihályi’s Flow Theory, adrenaline production (since most games are based on quests that involve survival) show that video games are effective for learning because they involve both the body and the mind and that the best learning happens when we become oblivious to the passing of time. Gamers often refer to “being in the zone” when they play effectively, all of which have been shown to enhance learning.
Video games involve Total Physical Response (TPR), adrenaline production and Csikszentmihályi’s Flow Theory — the best learning happens when we become oblivious to the passing of time. Gamers often refer to “being in the zone” when they play effectively, all of which have been shown to enhance learning.
Gaming-based activities have the advantage of fostering group cooperation and active participation better than other digital lab activities, with agency and problem-solving being the keys.
Photo: Dr. Bregni delivering a 3-hour seminar on Video Games in Foreign/Second Language Acquisition to an audience of approximately 70 first-year students in Modern Languages in Prof. Elisa Corino’s Didattica delle Lingue Moderne course at Università degli Studi di Torino, his Alma Mater, on Friday, March 16, 2018, His presentation format was created with the assistance of the SLU Reinert Center for Transformative Teaching and Learning. Dr. Bregni is the 2017 recipient of the James H. Korn Scholarship of Teaching and Learning Award.Urvashi Rautela was last seen in Pagalpanti, also starring John Abraham, Anil Kapoor, Arshad Warsi amongst others in leads. The actress keeps grabbing headlines, but this time what has happened is rather amusing. Rautela wore a huge gown to Filmfare Awards 2020 and took up as many as 4 seats to settle her attire. The netizens have now mocked her for the same.
Advertisement
The actress herself shared a video from the award function. While she shared the same row as Mouni Roy, and Ayushmann Khurrana’s wife Tahira Kashyap, what was noticeable was her huge gown taking up the space of as many as 4 seats.
The red down had a plunging neckline and was off-shouldered. With feathery details all over it, it even had a long trail that ran behind. The blouse had sequins all over It, truly giving the glitz and glamour vibes.
Urvashi Rautela also shared that it took 730 long hours to create the attire through her caption that read, “AMAZON FILMFARE AWARDS 2020 in red rose inspired @albinadylaofficial took 730 hours to create this masterpiece ♥️🌹 I love celebrating love with you guys every single day!”
Advertisement
Trending
However, the video which saw her sitting was something that caught the trolls’ eyeballs and they took to the comment section to backlash her mercilessly.
A troll read, “Bro blanket bhi isse chota hota h humlogka”
“kitne logo ki jagah rok kar bethi ho,” wrote another.
Another pointed out, “Why tf would u wear that if u know it’s gonna irratate u”
“Why tf would u wear that if u know it’s gonna irratate u,” wrote another.
Android & IOS users, download our mobile app for faster than ever Bollywood & Box Office updates!
Advertisement.
AdvertisementAnapodaris Gorge is formed at the final part of the longest river in Crete, river Anapodaris, that collects the waters of the central prefecture of Heraklion and south Dikti Range. The suggested route has a duration of 3-3:30 hours and is possible during summer or late spring when the river does not have too much water. It is worth noting that the river empties to the sea about 40 million cubic meters of water annually. The proposed route starts inside the riverbed after we follow a gravel road of 2.7km starting from the village Skinias. We walk for the first two hours in the riverbed. During the course, we note that the erosion of the river forms unique passages, often blocked by huge boulders. These rocks form giant figures reminding of humans and animals.
Eventually we reach the wildest part of the canyon where technical equipment is needed to overcome (along the riverbed). Alternatively, shortly before that point there is a tough trail ascending to the east slopes of the gorge, which after half an hour leads back to the bed. From there you can return a little back to admire the rugged canyon and the large ponds with water.
From there the exit to the beach of Dermatos is about an hour easy hiking in the riverbed. At Dermatos, one of the largest and most important deltas of Crete is formed, occupying several acres of marshes and streams surrounded by aquatic vegetation. The delta of Anapodaris is one of the most important wetlands in Crete and hosts many bird species. The river deposits over the years have created the valley of Dermatos and its wonderful beach. Unfortunately, today the biggest problem of river is the pollution caused by the waste of olive oil mills.There's Gold In Them Thar SERPs: Mining Important SEO Insights from Search Results
The author's views are entirely his or her own (excluding the unlikely event of hypnosis) and may not always reflect the views of Moz. to be mined from the SERPs that can help us on our journey to the mountaintop.
Earning page one rankings is difficult — to build optimized pages that can rank, you need comprehensive SEO strategy that includes:
- Content audits
- Keyword research
- Competitive analysis
- Technical SEO audits
- Projections and forecasting
- Niche and audience research
- Content ideation and creation
- Knowledge and an understanding of your (or your client’s) website’s history
- And more.
A ton of work and research goes into successful SEO.
Fortunately, much of this information can be gleaned from the SERPs you’re targeting, that will in turn inform your strategy and help you make better decisions.
The three main areas of research that SERP analysis can benefit are:
- Keyword research
- Content creation
- And competitive analysis.
So, get your pickaxe handy (or maybe just a notebook?) because we’re going to learn how to mine the SERPs for SEO gold!
Finding keyword research nuggets
Any sound SEO strategy is built on sound keyword research. Without keyword research, you’re just blindly creating pages and hoping Google ranks them. While we don’t fully understand or know every signal in Google’s search algorithm — I’m pretty confident your “hopes” aren’t one of them — you need keyword research to understand the opportunities as they exist.
And you can find some big nuggets of information right in the search results!
First off, SERP analysis will help you understand the intent (or at least the perceived intent by Google) behind your target keywords or phrases. Do you see product pages or informational content? Are there comparison or listicle type pages? Is there a variety of pages serving multiple potential intents? For example:
Examining these pages will tell you which page — either on your site or yet to be created — would be a good fit. For example, if the results are long-form guides, you’re not going to be able to make your product page rank there (unless of course the SERP serves multiple intents, including transactional). You should analyze search intent before you start optimizing for keywords, and there’s no better resource for gauging searcher intent than the search results themselves.
You can also learn a lot about the potential traffic you could receive from ranking in a given SERP by reviewing its makeup and the potential for clicks.
Of course, we all want to rank in position number one (and sometimes, position zero) as conventional wisdom points to this being our best chance to earn that valuable click-through. And, a recent study by SISTRIX confirmed as much, reporting that position one has an average click-through rate (CTR) of 28.5% — which is fairly larger than positions two (15.7%) and three (11%).
But the most interesting statistics within the study were regarding how SERP layout can impact CTR.
Some highlights from the study include:
- SERPs that include sitelinks have a 12.7% increase in CTR, above average.
- Position one in a SERP with a featured snippet has a 5.2% lower CTR than average.
- Position one in SERPs that feature a knowledge panel see an 11.8% dip in CTR, below average.
- SERPs with Google Shopping ads have the worst CTR: 14.8% below average.
SISTRIX found that overall, the more SERP elements present, the lower the CTR for the top organic position.
This is valuable information to discover during keyword research, particularly if you’re searching for opportunities that might bring organic traffic relatively quickly. For these opportunities, you’ll want to research less competitive keywords and phrases, as the SISTRIX report suggests that these long-tail terms have a larger proportion of “purely organic SERPs (e.g. ten blue links).
To see this in action, let’s compare two SERPs: “gold panning equipment” and “can I use a sluice box in California?”.
Here is the top of the SERP for “gold panning equipment”:
And here is the top of the SERP for “can I use a sluice box in California?”:
Based on what we know now, we can quickly assess that our potential CTR for “can I use a sluice box in California?” will be higher. Although featured snippets lower CTR for other results, there is the possibility to rank in the snippet, and the “gold panning equipment” SERP features shopping ads which have the most negative impact (-14.8%) on CTR.
Of course, CTR isn’t the only determining factor in how much traffic you’d potentially receive from ranking, as search volume also plays a role. Our example “can I use a sluice box in California?” has little to no search volume, so while the opportunity for click-throughs is high, there aren’t many searching this term and ranking wouldn’t bring much organic traffic — but if you’re a business that sells sluice boxes in California, this is absolutely a SERP where you should rank.
Keyword research sets the stage for any SEO campaign, and by mining existing SERPs, you can gain information that will guide the execution of your research.
Mining content creation nuggets
Of course, keyword research is only useful if you leverage it to create the right content. Fortunately, we can find big, glittering nuggets of content creation gold in the SERPs, too!
One the main bits of information from examining SERPs is which types of content are ranking — and since you want to rank there, too, this information is useful for your own page creation.
For example, if the SERP has a featured snippet, you know that Google wants to answer the query in a quick, succinct manner for searchers — do this on your page. Video results appearing on the SERP? You should probably include a video on your page if you want to rank there too. Image carousel at the top? Consider what images might be associated with your page and how they would be displayed.
You can also review the ranking pages to gain insight into what formats are performing well in that SERP. Are the ranking pages mostly guides? Comparison posts? FAQs or forums? News articles or interviews? Infographics? If you can identify a trend in format, you’ve already got a good idea of how you should structure (or re-structure) your page.
Some SERPs may serve multiple intents and display a mixture of the above types of pages. In these instances, consider which intent you want your page to serve and focus on the ranking page that serves that intent to glean content creation ideas.
Furthermore, you can leverage the SERP for topic ideation — starting with the People Also Ask (PAA) box. You should already have your primary topic (the main keyword you’re targeting), but the PAA can provide insight into related topics.
Here’s an example of a SERP for “modern gold mining techniques”:
Right there in the PAA box, I’ve got three solid ideas for sub-topics or sections of my page on “Modern Gold Mining”. These PAA boxes expand, too, and provide more potential sub-topics.
While thorough keyword research should uncover most long-tail keywords and phrases related to your target keyword, reviewing the People Also Ask box will ensure you haven’t missed anything.
Of course, understanding what types of formats, structures, topics, etc. perform well in a given SERP only gets you part of the way there. You still need to create something that is better than the pages currently ranking. And this brings us to the third type of wisdom nuggets you can mine from the SERPs — competitive analysis gold.
Extracting competitive analysis nuggets
With an understanding of the keywords and content types associated with your target SERP, you’re well on your way to staking your claim on the first page. Now it’s time to analyze the competition.
A quick glance at the SERP will quickly give you an idea of competition level and potential keyword difficulty. Look at the domains you see — are there recognizable brands? As a small or new e-commerce site, you can quickly toss out any keywords that have SERPs littered with pages from Amazon, eBay, and Wal-Mart. Conversely, if you see your direct competitors ranking and no large brands, you’ve likely found a good keyword set to target. Of course, you may come across SERPs that have major brands ranking along with your competitor — if your competitor is ranking there, it means you have a shot, too!
But this is just the surface SERP silt (say that five times fast). You need to mine a bit deeper to reach the big, golden competitive nuggets.
The next step is to click through to the pages and analyze them based on a variety of factors, including (in no particular order):
- Page speed
- Visual aesthetics
- Timeliness and recency
- Readability and structure
- Amount and quality of citations
- Depth of coverage of related topic
- How well the page matches search intent
If the page is lacking in any, many, or all these areas, there is a strong opportunity your page can become the better result, and rank.
You should also review how many backlinks ranking pages have, to get an idea for the range of links you need to reach to be competitive. In addition, review the number of referring domains for each ranking domain — while you’re competing on a page-to-page level in the SERP, there’s no doubt that pages on more authoritative domains will benefit from that authority.
However, if you find a page that’s ranking from a relatively unknown or new site, and it has a substantial amount of backlinks, that’s likely why it’s ranking, and earning a similar amount of links will give your page a good chance to rank as well.
Lastly, take the time to dive into your competitor’s ranking pages (if they’re there). Examine their messaging and study how they’re talking to your shared audience to identify areas where your copy is suboptimal or completely missing the mark. Remember, these pages are ranking on page one, so they must be resonating in some way.
Conclusion
Successful SEO requires thorough research and analysis from a variety of sources. However, much of what you need can be found in the very SERPs for which you’re trying to rank. After all, you need to understand why the pages that rank are performing if you want your pages to appear there, too.
These SERPs are full of helpful takeaways in terms of:
- Keyword research and analysis
- Content ideation and strategy
- And competitive analysis and review.
These golden nuggets are just there for the takin’ and you don’t need any tools other than Google and your analytical mind — well, and your metaphorical pickaxe.
Please keep your comments TAGFEE by following the community etiquette
Comments are closed. Got a burning question? Head to our Q&A section to start a new conversation.This item is temporarily out of stock in the Hal Leonard warehouse, but may be available from your favorite local music store or online retailer.
Series: Music for String Orchestra Score & Parts Arrangers: John Moss, Audrey Snyder
Level: 2-4
Inventory #HL 04490211 UPC: 073999318517 Width: 9.0" Length: 12.0"
Prices and availability subject to change without notice.
Series: Discovery Plus Concert Band Arrangers: John Moss, Audrey Snyder
Level: 2
Involve your whole school with this easy holiday medley for band and choir. An excellent concert finale! The band arrangement is designed to be performed with or without the choir. Includes: Deck The Hall, Jingle Bells, O Christmas Tree and We Wish You A Merry Christmas. (SATB: 08743047 $2.50 • 3-Part Mixed: 08743048 $2.50 • 2-Part: 08743049 $2.50 • String Pak: 04490211 $40.00 • ShowTrax CD: 08743050 $30)
Inventory #HL 08724838 UPC: 073999999372 Width: 9.0" Length: 12.0"
Prices and availability subject to change without notice.
Series: Discovery Plus Concert Band
08724838Coir Log
Coir log is the best Solution for soil erosion.
Coir Log are easy to use - Less water evaporation -Suitable for hills, banks , shorelines , and other erosion prone areas -The most effective material in creating natural environments.
Coir Twine is made from coconut fiber which is extracted from coconut husk, using a spinning machineWe have many single mothers struggling to keep their children. We have several mothers who have already given away one child as they couldn't afford to feed them. Some are unemployed due to health issues and some are earning a pittance; 20 cents a day or 50 cents a day and most have no relatives near by to offer physical or financial help. It is hard to feed, clothe and house a child on so little. Most of the single mums and their children only have one set of clothes,in poor condition too.
We also have mothers who are like single mothers as their husband is dying or has had brain injury and therefore he can't contribute and is another person for the mother to care for.
Every New Year is the most stressful time for a mother. It is traditional to buy a new outfit for everyone in the family, to eat new year celebratory dishes, to repair and paint their home, as well as pay off debts. Most of the mums of the children in our education programs can't do any of that,as they are too poor. This makes Tet a very stressful and not a happy celebratory time. Straight after Tet, term 2 school fees are due.
We help relieve some stress for these mothers and help them support their child to be educated and have a future with better options than their mothers by paying all school related costs for their child. You can help too. You can help a mum and their child in a very simple way:
Cook a meal at your home for a few friends and ask each to make a donation for dinner.
Over the holiday season when you get together with friends ask each one to donate; maybe $5. It adds up and makes a BIG difference!
With your donation please send a note to let us know if you would like to help a specific mother and child, and if you would like the funds to buy clothes or food. Thank you so much for helping them.
Here are just a few of our mums who struggle to care for their children:
Y and her mum; Y has a pink t-shirt on.
Minh and mum; Minh also has a pink T-shirt. Her mother has a pale green top on.
Hang and mum; Hang has a pale colored pyjama outfit on.
Phuong and mum; Phuong has a cardigan on.
An and mum; An has a tortoise-green top on.
If you have questions please email me, Linda: c.e.f.vietnam@gmail.comBreakfast with Santa
December 19
9:30 AM-12 PM @ Dubuque County Fairgrounds Ballroom
Enjoy a pancake breakfast with Santa Claus! Along with pancakes, the breakfast will include sausage, tater tots, eggs, applesauce, milk, and coffee. Volunteers will be on hand helping children decorate holiday crafts! Santa will be there to meet with the children and get pictures taken. Adults: $8; children 5-12: $4. More information at DBQFair.com.Liz Claiborne offers the L 304 for the woman in search of refined eyeglasses with a slim profile. These oval frames are made in a corrosion-resistant copper and nickel alloy that retains its shape for lasting beauty. The thin temples widen slightly at the comfort-coated tips for stability, and attach to the rims with spring hinges that retain their initial balance for a secure fit. An alternate fit prevents slipping on the noseideal for the woman with high cheekbones and a wide nose bridge. A lovely pearlescent embellishment on the temple adds elegance to these L 304 glasses from Liz Claiborne.I thought more of you would respond to the Texans beating Jacksonville, but most of you wait until they lose to fire off questions and comments. Get those slings and arrows ready. I\u2019m not as surprised at the Texans winning as I am about the decisiveness of their victory. They built a 34-7 lead in the third quarter of their 37-21 victory. That\u2019s the most points the Texans have scored in a season opener. The Texans looked well-prepared and well-coached. David Culley\u2019s operation \u2014 with a substantial contribution from general manager Nick Caserio \u2014 was so much smoother than Jacksonville\u2019s. Culley simply outcoached Urban Meyer in their first game as NFL head coaches. Now the Texans have a much tougher challenge in the Browns, my preseason pick to win the Super Bowl. Cleveland will be angry about blowing its opener at Kansas City, and the Browns will play their first home game with a vengeance. The Browns should win because they have more talent than the Texans. It\u2019s going to be interesting to see how the Texans play in Cleveland and if they can make it respectable. There\u2019s no shame being 1-1 with Carolina coming to Houston on Thursday for the Texans\u2019 only prime-time game this season. As always, thank you for reading, listening and watching. Please check out our "Texas Sports Nation" television shows on KPRC (Channel 2) and AT&T Sportsnet. Q: Through the Texans' three preseason games and the opening-day win over the Jags the Texans seem to be ready to play more so than in recent memory. I attribute that to David Culley. My question is if Culley wanted to be a head coach, why did it take so long? Did he interview for other jobs that ultimately went to other candidates? Whatever the case, I\u2019m cautiously optimistic about the future of the team with him at the helm. \u2014 Rick T. A: Not only did Culley not get a head-coaching job, he never even interviewed for one, Rick. Before Caserio was hired, the Texans\u2019 search committee, headed by Cal McNair, interviewed several candidates, including Culley. McNair told me how impressed he was with Culley, but I never thought he\u2019d get a second interview, much less be hired. Then Caserio entered the picture and wanted to interview him, too. I\u2019m still surprised he got the job, but I\u2019m glad he did because he\u2019s a great guy \u2014 honest, humble, optimistic, energetic and has no ego. The players love Culley. Q: While it is easy to criticize the Texans' management over the years, now is actually a fascinating time for "real" football followers. No real superstars anywhere, an as yet untested head coach and GM, a plan to transition to a new "platform" of player talent, real back-to-basics skills and team cohesion may mean more for the future than any "name" players. We all tend to forget that even the practice team guard in pro football was an elite athlete in college and high school. (Or the 11-year veteran QB) Good coaching and physical conditioning can develop such players. So from a pure football angle this season could be fascinating. \u2014 Walt L. A: I agree it could be fascinating, Walt, but it was one victory over a bad team. I still feel good about my 5-12 prediction. The Texans deserve praise for defeating the Jaguars, especially in the dominant manner they accomplished it. Q: It was a big win for the Texans and it was great to see you in the stadium. I am very happy for the coaching staff, GM, players and the McNairs. I love the Texans' commitment to charity work and their support to the local community. Their biggest mistake was to put complete trust in their ex-coach without proper checks and balance. I would like to get your thoughts on who has more leverage in Watson's situation. I don't see any significant leverage for Texans. \u2014 Jeevan K. A: Jeevan, I didn\u2019t run your question about Watson\u2019s legal team\u2019s strategy because I have no clue about it. There\u2019s no leverage. He\u2019ll be traded when a team meets Caserio\u2019s demand, and I don\u2019t see that happening until the offseason when perhaps there\u2019ll be a resolution in his legal situation. Q: The win over the Jaguars was actually a rout and the Texans' dominance surprised many. I was kind of waiting for the late collapse so common under Bill O'Brien but instead I saw sustained competence. I said a couple of weeks ago that Caserio and Culley appear to be the right guys to oversee the Texans' rebuild and I'd say the Jacksonville game is Exhibit A in support of my case. Caserio brought in a bunch of veterans eager to play and Culley makes sure they're prepared to start playing the moment the game starts and keep playing until it's over. Jacksonville, if we're honest, was an easy warmup but fans were still wary of what the new group would do when it counted. The rest of the season will likely be a lot harder, but just like winning the first set against Novak Djokovic, at least we know we won't end up with zero and there's reason to believe we'll do quite a bit better. \u2014 Greg G. A: I agree with everything you wrote, Greg. It still amazes me the Jaguars were three-point favorites with a NFL rookie head coach and QB against a team that had beaten them six consecutive times. Make it seven. \u00a0 Q: You said that Watson will be traded only when Nick Caserio gets an offer he likes. How much of a role or influence will Jack Easterby have on finally pulling the trigger on a trade? I know that Caserio consults Easterby and asks him for advice on things. Don\u2019t you think that makes absolutely no sense considering Caserio actually has experience in personnel and knows what he\u2019s doing whereas Easterby has no experience or qualifications in the personnel department? Why would Caserio, someone who\u2019s regarded as a great personnel mind, seek advice or consult someone who has no qualifications in personnel? Why does he bother wasting his time consulting a guy that knows way less than him? Also, even though it says it in his six-year contract that Caserio has final say over all personnel decisions, I am skeptical. What happens if an offer comes in that Caserio does not like and wants to decline but Easterby wants to accept? Or vice versa? Do they both have to in agreement for Watson to be traded? I have a very hard time believing Caserio would go against Easterby. If an offer came in that Caserio wants to accept but Easterby doesn\u2019t, I\u2019m convinced that they would decline. Are you positive that Caserio would go against Easterby if he likes an offer even if Easterby doesn\u2019t? And how accurate is it that Caserio has the final call? \u2014 Justin S. A: Justin, my goodness, what do you not understand when it\u2019s in writing that Caserio has final say on all personnel decisions? The only person he consults is Cal McNair, who signs off on his personnel decisions. Caserio and Easterby are good friends from their New England days. Easterby played a major role in Caserio\u2019s hiring. Caserio doesn\u2019t consult with Easterby on personnel. Easterby may have an opinion, and out of respect, Caserio will listen \u2014 as he does with a lot of people \u2014 but if Caserio wants to make a decision, whether it\u2019s a practice squad player or a Watson trade, nobody interferes. Easterby\u2019s got his hands in a lot of departments, but if he tells Caserio he thinks they should do this or that, Caserio ain\u2019t doing it unless he believes it should be done. End of story! Q: As always thank you so much for the great job you do for we Houston Texan fans. Three questions: (1) Does our current Houston Texan team remind you any of the George Allen \u201cOver the Hill Gang\u201d Washington Redskins of the 1970s? For those too young to remember, Allen purposely filled his team out with veterans and his teams won. (2) I know it is only one game, but I really like our substitute kicker Joey Slye. Do you think Ka\u2019imi Fairbairn\u2019s spot is in jeopardy? (3) Did you \u00a0smile during the Jacksonville game when a Texan fan held a sign saying \u201cDon't Need Deshaun!\u201d I liked him, but I\u2019m done with him. If he doesn\u2019t want to play for us, I\u2019d say good luck at your next stop. I\u2019m grateful to Tyrod. \u2014 Dan F. A: Doctor Dan, thanks very much for the compliment. I always appreciate your contributions. 1) The Texans are still too young to be compared to those Allen teams that frustrated and infuriated the Cowboys. 2) It\u2019s way too early for Fairbairn to worry about his job. Slye did a terrific job with three field goals and eight touchbacks. 3) I was so surprised at the way the Texans were dominating the game I didn\u2019t even notice the sign about Watson. When I went to Sports Radio 610\u2019s stage in Bud Plaza for my pregame hit, I saw a lot of Watson jerseys. Q: Seeing the Texans blow out those scaredy cats last week felt so good, but it's more than the score. It was the effort and energy that was on full display that should make fans like me feel proud. Because of that effort and energy, I believe the Texans can give the Cleveland Browns a run for their money on Sunday. What do you think? Last Sunday on a pregame interview with Sports Radio 610, I believe you said that Bradley Roby may have not been a culture fit. I like that take because the new leaders of the organization want competition, among other things. And I'm allowing you to use this quote for anything you say or write: "the Texans ain't doing a fire sale, but are willing to make trades that make sense." -\u2014James B. A: A lot of fans hope you\u2019re right about the Cleveland game, James. When they traded Roby, there were a lot of people who have no idea about the team saying they were going to have a fire sale. That made no sense because the season was starting. Why would Caserio get rid of players when the season is starting? If he were going to adopt that strategy, he would have done it before the draft. Q: I heard you on the radio before the game. I\u2019m so glad the Texans proved your score prediction wrong. And I know you\u2019re glad, too! Let\u2019s win a lot more. I love to read your articles in the Chronicle. Go Texans! \u00a0\u2014 Honi B. A: Thanks very much for reading and taking the time to write, Honi. I\u2019m wrong on a lot of things, including changing my pick because Fairbairn went on IR. Stupid me! Q: No one saw that coming. The maturity of the QB was important for us. Those 3 interceptions took Meyer out of the game. \u2014 Joe I. A: Not only is it strange to see the Texans on top of the AFC South by themselves, Joe, but it\u2019s even stranger to see them plus-3 in turnover differential, tied for the league lead, after forcing only nine in 2020. Q: The TV announcers mentioned that in the last four years, the Texans had never scored as many as 27 points in the first half. That's not really true. They actually scored 30 against the Titans in the first half on October 30, 2017. Gives me hope that moving on from Watson is a good idea, no matter what they get for him. I was quite encouraged by the Texans' performance, except that the running game was not sufficient to run the clock in the second half. Despite Watson's gaudy numbers, the Texans didn't score a lot with him as QB, and that's with the same offensive coordinator. Here's hoping. \u2014 Dave H. A: I\u2019ll take your word for it, Dave. Q: Since I\u2019ve criticized the Texans and Easterby, I want to give the Texans credit for their performance. I picked them to lose. The players played very hard for Coach Culley and definitely outplayed the Jaguars. Urban Meyer looked totally out of his league and the Jags have less talent than the Texans. I do believe the Jags have an elite QB, but not much else. That being said the Texans did their job. I still will not get too excited because I watched Cleveland and Kansas City play, and I don\u2019t think the Texans can compete. I blame that on Easterby and O\u2019Brien. Does anyone know how many people went to see the game? If the Texans only won 4 games with Watson, I don\u2019t see how they win more without him. \u00a0Defense might be a little better, but receivers aren\u2019t as good, offensive line is about the same, and I believe, even though they ran OK against Jacksonville, I believe they won\u2019t be very good over 17 games. I guess we need to celebrate this victory. At least we aren\u2019t in Jacksonville. \u2014 Glen K. A: The Texans sold 68,105 tickets, Glen. I have no clue how many fans showed up. Those that didn\u2019t missed a terrific performance. Q: You forgot to give a grade for Caserio who assembled a mass of players who were surprised at how good they were when they had been unnoticed in the league. Then we finally have a head coach that makes them better than they are. I saw a lineman get flagged for motion and I saw Culley berating him for it from the sidelines. He does not tolerate players losing focus. It was a good day for all including old Bob here. \u2014 Bob B. A: I\u2019m glad you had a good day, Bob. I\u2019ll grade Caserio and the personnel department after the season. Q: It would be nice if the Chronicle could be a short story each week about J.J.'s game with the Cardinals. We still love him. We hope that McNair has not burned him so bad that he won\u2019t return to Houston and be associated with the team forever. \u2014 Robert S. A: Robert, why would Watt do that? He went to the McNairs and asked for his release so he could sign with a playoff team considering he has only two or three years left. They gave him his release. They paid him more than $100 million. He loves them and Houston. He and his wife still reside here. When his career is over, I\u2019m sure he\u2019ll be around when he\u2019s not in Wisconsin. Maybe he\u2019ll run for mayor or governor. I\u2019d vote for him!5 Keys to A Streamlined & Organized Business
Every business, no matter how large or small, has regular business processes to manage. These are everyday tasks like submitting invoices, writing, publishing blog posts and answering reader queries. Creative entrepreneurs such as authors, coaches and consultants need to have established workflows to get everything done efficiently. Sometimes these processes need to be improved and tightened up, and, in some cases, actually created.
You may not realize it, but you may be wasting resources. Money, time, and labor might be spilling out here and there. You may find yourself bogged down in the mundane daily tasks that keep you from getting more important work done. The result is that you’re earning less than you should be. Inefficient processes can also hurt your customer service, business culture, and stress levels.
Businesses regularly revisit these processes and look for ways of improving them for better efficiency. They take one task and use a system for analyzing the process, identifying problems, and implementing solutions. Improvements happen one task at a time rather than in one massive overhaul of the business operations.
Here is an outline of the five-step process you should be using on a regular basis to streamline your own business.
1. Identify a Business Process to Simplify
The first step is to identify the areas where your business is struggling. You might already have a good idea of some task that needs streamlining. Business processes can involve many areas such as:
- Customer service and support
- Product development
- Book or product launches
- Recruitment/Outsourcing
- Online or offline marketing
- Managing team members
- Accounting and managing cash flow
- Social media
There may be a particular task that seems to put a drain on your resources and doesn’t deliver much in the way of results. As you think about now where your time goes, you may already be able to identify an inefficient and wasteful task. If nothing springs to mind, here are a few things to look for:
- Time-consuming tasks. Monitor your workday to discover the tasks that are putting the greatest strain on your time.
- Highest impact or most important tasks. Which task makes the biggest difference in your business? Streamlining this task will likely have a major impact on everything else you do.
- The most expensive tasks. Look at tasks where you invest a great deal of money but don’t see the ROI you’d like to.
When considering tasks to streamline, you should also consider that some tasks simply can’t be cut. For example, if you are an Author, you need all of your time and resources to write your stories. You can’t outsource to someone else with a different voice and different ideas. In this case, you might decide that you can do nothing, and so find other ways to streamline your workflow. An example is outsourcing the task of responding to readers’ comments on your blog or on social media. This will free up your time to write your stories. Because your readers are important to you, you want your team member to respond to your readers in keeping with your brand. You would start by creating a process for how you want this task handled and the voice you want the person to use. Or you may outsource the task of formatting your book to save you time.
2. Map Out the Process
Once you’ve identified a process to be simplified, map it!
Include in detail every single step along the way to getting this task completed, and note what resources you use at each step, including human resources. Document every detail, action, and decision.
It’s important for each step to be detailed and specific because this is where you’ll find something to trim. For example, if you’ve chosen the creation of social media graphics for your book, your flow might look something like this:
- Open Canva and select Facebook Post template
- Add the book cover to the design [Dropbox location]
- Add the logline, teaser, or review quote to the design
- Add the buy link/website link for the book
- Add the store icons
- Save as “[name of book] FB Post”
- Download to Dropbox [location]
In this example, a team member knows where to go to create the graphic – your Canva account. What kind of graphic is needed – Facebook Post. That the design is to include your book cover, logline or review quote, buy link, and store icons. Also where to save the design.
At this stage, it’s good also to identify the goal of the task. Sometimes keeping the goal in mind helps you see steps that you can cut. There might be a step that doesn’t help in attaining the goal.
Enlist your team members to help you outline your tasks, especially if they’re in charge of carrying it out. If they’re performing the task on a day-to-day basis, they’ll be better able than you at outlining the specific steps in detail.
3. Analyze Your Workflow
Now, look at your detailed steps and find areas that can be removed, tightened up or improved. If something doesn’t immediately jump out at you, look for:
Bottlenecks. Some area of the workflow where work piles up and so stopping the efficient flow of other work. An example of this would be not having a suitable teaser or a review quote ready for your graphics person. This is something you want to provide but any delay in you doing this, holds up your graphics person from completing the job.
Communication Relays. You might lose time with relaying information. For example, your team member who is designing your graphic needs your book cover, buy links, store icons, and a logline/teaser/review quote. Avoid these delays by creating a system where this kind of everyday information is saved so you and your team can easily access it.
Confusion. Look for any part of the process that’s not clear, ill-defined, or confusing. The problem could be a part of the task where you or your team members are getting caught up due to lack of understanding. For example, instead of saying “Download to Dropbox”, actually provide the location in Dropbox to save the item to – Download to Dropbox > Book Graphics.
Lack of Visibility. There may be a task which another team member is looking after but impacts on the work of other team members. Those team members can’t see what’s going on so they can’t gauge the progress or plan their own work related to the job.
Integration Issues. Sometimes, the technology behind a process doesn’t integrate well with existing systems. The lack of integration can cause communication problems and malfunctions. For example, you may have two computer systems that can’t talk to each other. The resultant problems mean who need two different pieces of software or duplicating work already done.
High Costs. Look at tasks or steps where the cost is high. Look at the cost and compare it with the results you see from the task.
Delays. Look for areas in your business operations where there are typically delays. If you have delays, there’s a good chance that things need changing. The important thing is to ask why there is a delay happening.
Missing Steps. Although we’re simplifying, you might find where crucial steps are missing. When steps are missing, you’re expecting your staff to make snap decisions they may not be prepared to make, and this can lead to inefficiency or errors.
Disordered Steps. Once you lay out the steps, you might find that they’re not in order, or that a different sequence may be more logical and efficient.
Again, enlist your team members to help you identify problems, especially if they’re involved in the task.
4. Redesign the Process for Better Efficiency
Starting again with the goal of the task, redesign it so that it removes the problems you identified in the last step.
Focus on:
- Removing duplicate tasks
- Widening bottlenecks
- Saving on costs
- Cutting down on time
- Delegating tasks
- Automating tasks or parts of tasks
Consider how the change you’re making will affect other parts of the task. For example, widening a bottleneck might cause another bottleneck to occur. Or it might add more work down the line. If you make any changes, put a plan in place for dealing with issues created in other tasks.
Also, keep in mind that any of the above changes could inadvertently result in worse efficiency or more problems. For example, if you choose to outsource, you’ll now need a process in place for outsourcing. The same goes with automation. Automation can lead to another inefficient process showing up which could make the overall task more complicated.
Once you and/or your team has agreed on a change, you need to create a new diagram or flowchart of the task incorporating the change. Write each step and all details in as concise a way as possible. Make sure the wording is clear and ask your staff or someone else to see if everything is easy to understand. Clarify what resources you need at each step and design them in such a way that the oversight of a supervisor isn’t necessary.
The new process needs to be one that is easy for anyone to teach. You’ll need your employees to learn the new process, and it also helps if they can train other employees. The point is to simplify, so make the new process simple as well.
5. Test Thoroughly and Implement
Start with a trial period. You’ve made some changes, and you’re going to try them out. Things may be shaky for a while. You now have new processes to deal with, so there will be kinks you didn’t anticipate, but you should see things coming together.
If you’ve implemented a change and it doesn’t seem to be working out, you might want to go back to the fourth step and repeat. Although you tried to anticipate any problems the change might create, possibly it’s created issues that make the task less efficient than it was before. If this is the case, you should either rethink your change or go back to the third step and try to solve the problem again.
Make sure that you communicate the changes clearly and thoroughly to everyone involved. Also, ask them to communicate with you if there are any problems with the new process and seek their feedback.
When there are changes to working processes, there is often resistance on the part of team members. Be prepared for this. Hold meetings and air opinions. Try to explain to those who resist why you’re implementing the changes and what the benefits are for them. You might want to schedule regular meetings to follow up on the changes for several weeks or months (depending on how big the changes are).
An Ongoing Process
Once you’ve implemented changes for one task, it’s time to start thinking about the next. This continual progression is how long-lasting changes get made. Businesses tackle one process after another, taking all of the time necessary for each to make sure it’s running smoothly. Pretty soon, you’ll find that you have more time, energy, room for creative work, and cost savings.
Success is a team sport. You can’t do it alone! But you must do it smart! I find that many Creative entrepreneurs don’t know how to grow their business because they are not in a position to delegate work because they haven’t created the systems and processes they need. If you are ready to step up and build your 6-figure team and be the CEO you need to be, go to narelletodd.com.
Add A CommentIdols might look super cool on stage, but offstage, they’re just like the rest of us! Check out 10 hilarious moments when their mistakes were just too cringe-worthy.
1. When MAMAMOO’s Wheein almost entered BTS’s car
Once, Wheein accidentally opened the wrong car door…in front of a bunch of fans!
When she realized her mistake, she ran!
Eventually, she made it to the correct car.
2. The mysterious ring
During ISAC, IZ*ONE‘s Yena felt a mysterious piece of jewelry!
However, it originally belonged to NCT‘s Yuta!
The boys’ reactions were classic!
3. ITZY saying the wrong award show name
ITZY‘s Yeji thanked the wrong show and her members’ expressions were hilarious.
The others were shocked…
…and Chaeryeong couldn’t stop cringing!
4. When Taemin tried to leave
As Music Bank’s encore was playing, the show was coming to a close.
However, Taemin’s famous exit immediately became a meme!
Committing to leaving, he kept walking off the stage when nobody else was moving.
5. TWICE’s Nayeon tried to blow her fans a kiss
However, EXO’s D.O walked in the way at the perfect time!
6. EXO Sehun’s legendary blunder
It all started when he was talking to NCT‘s Johnny at ISAC.
After getting separated, he went to talk to him again…
…only to realize he mistook SEVENTEEN‘s Jeonghan for Johnny!
7. BTS’s Jimin kicking himself on stage
Jimin’s mistake pushed him off his chair in front of a crowd of ARMYs.
Even J-Hope joined in on the fun and imitated him!
8. Wanna One’s hilarious betrayal
Jisung started dancing to Red Velvet when he was shown on the big screen, but Jihoon wasn’t having it!
The hyung ended up scolding him for not playing along, but the funniest part of all was Jihoon’s face!
9. Red Velvet’s Yeri getting hit with confetti and thinking it was NCT
Mark and Haechan were innocent!
10. MONSTA X’s Minhyuk just missing selfie time
I.M had no idea what was happening!- CAS:June 2015
This briefing was sent to Scottish MPs ahead of a discussion around the welfare provisions in the Scotland Bill.
- Publication date:April 2015
CAS has submitted evidence to the Welfare Reform Committee's inquiry on women and welfare reform. This submission is based on a comprehensive analysis of client profile data from people who visited citizens advice bureaux in Scotland over a one month period (November 2014). It also based on evidence and case studies from bureaux which show the impact that different welfare reforms have had so far for people in Scotland..
- Publication date:December 2014
CAS has responded to the Work and Pensions Committee’s inquiry into benefit sanctions policy beyond the Oakley Review. We believe that the Review was too narrow in its remit and this inquiry represents a vital opportunity to take a wider look at the sanctions regime, its purpose and impact on claimants.
- Commission on Housing & WellbeingPublication date:November 2014
CAS contributed evidence to the independent Commission on Housing & Wellbeing's wide-ranging consultation on how housing can promote a society in which everyone can flourish.Spotlight:
-.
- "Litchfield Review"Publication date:August 2014
CAS responds to the final independent review of the Work Capability Assessment for Employment and Support Allowance benefit.
- A discussion paperPublication.Spotlight:
- Publication date:July 2014
This report is one of the most detailed examinations of the impact of sanctions in Scotland so far. It provides an analysis of the current system, its impact on clients , real case evidence and the findings of a survey of Scottish CAB advisers. We also provide 16 recommendations that are needed to the current system and why they are needed.
- Publication date:June 2014.
Brexit: We've produced advice on what Brexit means for people living in Scotland. We'll keep updating our advice as more Brexit changes are announced.Natural opioids are those opioids that come directly from compounds within the poppy plant. They require no action on the part of anyone or any lab in order to be used for their pain-relieving properties.
Natural opioids are often referred to as ‘opiates’ and you will even see the two terms used interchangeably at times.
However, it is important to note that while all opiates are opioids, not all opioids are opiates — in fact, most are not.
Examples of natural opioids include:
How Are Natural Opioids Used?
Natural opioids are taken directly from the opium poppy plant, which is native to the eastern Mediterranean and western Asia.
In fact, many parts of the poppy plant can be harvested, and its many uses range from medical painkillers to a simple cooking ingredient (poppy seeds).
The parts of the poppy plant which are used for medical painkillers or in illicit drugs usually have to be treated, refined, and dried before they are ready for use.
After this, they are usually made into an injectable liquid or tablet before they can be administered.
Side Effects Of Natural Opioids
It is easy to think that just because something is “natural” that it also automatically means something is healthier or safer. Many times this is the case, but not when it comes to natural opioids.
While there are many pain-relieving medical benefits found with the use of natural opioids, it is also important to note that some uncomfortable side effects may also be present with their use.
Side effects of natural opioids include:
- constipation
- drowsiness
- stomach cramps or abdominal pain
- dry mouth
- headache
- difficult or painful urination
- small pupils
- mood changes
- paranoia
- increased sweating
Many of the side effects that come with natural opioids are the same or similar to side effects that are found with synthetic or semi-synthetic opioids.
Find the right treatment program today.
Call to be connected with a treatment specialist. 100% Free and Confidential.(844) 616-3400
Is It Possible To Overdose On Natural Opioids?
It is highly possible to overdose on natural opioids, so like all opioids, they must be handled and taken with care.
Of all overdoses that occur in the United States each year, about 70% of them are opioid-related.
Symptoms of a natural opioid overdose include:
- unable to talk
- loss of consciousness
- shallow breathing
- bluish skin
- limp body
- slow heartbeat
It is possible to survive an opioid overdose, but quick action is necessary.
The usual treatment is a drug called naloxone, which works by binding to opioid receptors in the body and blocking the effects of other opioids.
Finding Addiction Treatment For Natural Opioids
If you or a loved one is currently struggling with an addiction to opioids of any kind, please consider giving our helpline a call.
Not only can we find you addiction treatment, but we can help you find the treatment that is individualized specifically for you.
Available substance abuse treatment plans include:
- medical detox
- residential rehabilitation in beautiful and relaxing settings
- individual, group, and family therapy
- intensive outpatient therapy programs
We understand that it can be hard to come forward for someone who is struggling with a substance use disorder.
Our representatives are experienced, caring, and understanding when it comes to addiction and would love to help you get started towards recovery today.
Published on June Library of Medicine — Opioids
- U.S. National Library of Medicine — Morphine
- United States Drug Enforcement Administration — Narcotics (Opioids)ScotRail has equalled its best-ever customer satisfaction result in the latest National Rail Passenger Survey.
Nine out of 10 of the 1,200 people questioned said they were satisfied with ScotRail's service, an increase from 83 per cent in the previous survey in autumn 2016. Just 3 per cent said they were dissatisfied with ScotRail.
The result was seven percentage points ahead of the UK-wide average of 83 per cent. For regional train operating companies like ScotRail, the average satisfaction rating is 87 per cent.
Alex Hynes, managing director of the ScotRail Alliance, said the results show the organisation is making progress in its goal of building “the best railway Scotland has ever had”.
“For nine out of 10,” he said.
“These results are really encouraging, but we aren't complacent. The major investment we are making now will mean faster journeys, more seats and better services for our customers.”
Dutch-owned Abellio took on the 10-year franchise for the country's trains in April 2015. The firm faced heavy criticism for late and cancelled trains last year amid the improvement works, with campaigners calling for Abellio to be stripped of the franchise.
Transport Scotland ordered the ScotRail Alliance to implement a performance improvement plan in September of last year after levels slipped below contracted thresholds. That minimum threshold was regained in March.
In the latest survey, 92 per cent said they were satisfied with the speed of ScotRail journeys, and 85 per cent rated punctuality and reliability as acceptable. Station facilities were ranked satisfactory by 83 per cent of those questioned, and 82 per cent were satisfied with train facilities.
ScotRail is the joint eight best performing train operator in the UK, out of a total of 26.Pressboard/Particle Board Furniture:
Eric Chmilar
Written 1 month ago
Pressboard/Particle Board Furniture: Pressboard furniture assembled in home, after purchasing (garage/utility cabinets, Ikea-type furniture, desks, etc.) is manufactured to be built and assembled once. This type of furniture is not structurally sound and is not meant to be taken apart or moved once constructed. The joints and connecting pieces are very weak and can chip and crumble when moved, especially when moved or taken apart multiple times, or has absorbed any moisture. As a company, we will do everything in our power to make sure these items are transported safely and securely but they will not be covered by the valuation option selected. Low Budget Moving and Storage Inc is not responsible for any damage that may occur to any pressboard item in any way (joint weakness, chipping and/or complete collapse).
Did this answer your question?
😞 😐 😃Urban density is a fundamental principle of sustainable development. As the world’s population continues to grow and urbanize, the car-dependent model of the 20th century must change to accommodate a more populous and more prosperous world. This brief lays how well designed density creates vibrant, sustainable urban spaces. Density is one the the Eight Principles for designing urban transport and development.
For more information on density from ITDP, see the TOD Standard and watch the video, It’s Smart to be Dense.Or
Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password.
When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has.
You must create an account to continue watching
Quick Sign Up!
It takes less then 1 minute to Sign Up, then you can enjoy Unlimited Movies & TV titles.4 November 2021
MAP supporter and comedian, Ivor Dembina, has been fundraising for our medical projects in Palestine through his comedy show in London since September 2021. We spoke to him about his experiences and why he supports MAP.
"Between 2002 and 2005 I paid three visits to Israel/Palestine. I guess it was the sight of a Palestinian ambulance destroyed by a rocket fire that first sparked my interest in the medical needs of the Palestinian people. I also recall hitching a ride in the back of an ambulance of which there was a 15-year-old Palestinian boy whose abdomen had been torn apart by an Israeli soldier's bullet.
I witnessed close-up the impact on Palestinian lives of the occupation and became humbled by the efforts of those who were doing their best (both Palestinians and Israelis) to address its damage to innocent people. I saw the way that the occupation not only takes lives but also prevents others from being saved.
As a Jewish comedian, I wrote a show about what I had seen and how it made me feel.
Entitled "This is Not a Subject for Comedy", the show was intended to be a letter to the UK Jewish community, to alert them to the plight of Israel's Palestinian neighbours. I tire of the way the conflict gets characterised as tribal when, as I saw, it is clearly a material one; a case of one group of people stealing land from another. That's why I try to help.
But, this is not just a political cause, it is a humanitarian one. My own humanity arises directly from my own Jewish heritage, something of which I am immensely proud.
But humanity is not a selective thing. You either fight for it when needed or look the other way. There's no halfway on this. That's why I publicly support those at the sharp end of the conflict and those who are trying to help them. That's why I support MAP."
You can watch Ivor's show 'This is Not a Subject for Comedy' every Saturday at the Hampstead Comedy Club in Camden, London until 18 December.
Thank you for your incredible support, Ivor!
Here at MAP, we love showcasing our wonderful community supporters. If you would like your fundraising to be featured in our next blog, contact Zahra at fundraising@map.org.uk with your story.Because the professional qualifications of the service providers in the technical industries are not doubted, the start is not a career killer, but a serious alternative.
The advantages for applicants are obvious with MCG clearly:
If you are new to the job market or want to change your career, you can use temporary employment with us as a career springboard.
If you look around on your own fist on the job market, you will quickly realize that the range of jobs on offer is huge. This selection can quickly overtax and an application process on the "normal" way is tedious and nerve-wracking.
As a specialist, we offer you the opportunity to quickly and easily integrate yourself into the company. If you want to commit yourself one day to a customer company, the chances are usually very good for a direct employment. A takeover, after some time of cooperation in our company, into a permanent position of the respective customer company, is expressly desired by us.
We regard this as a gentlemen's agreement and a win-win situation for all parties involved. A takeover of one of our employees into a permanent position with the customer represents the accolade for us. Then we did a good job!
Attractive earning opportunities at MCG.
We offer our employees unlimited employment contracts. Attractive and fair general conditions and collective agreements regulate salaries and working conditions at MCG. These regulations create trust and offer security for you as an employee and for us as an employer. Because temporary employment requires one thing in particular: motivated and satisfied employees.
As far as their rights are concerned, there is no difference to other permanent employees: They have the same entitlement to vacation, continued payment of wages in the event of illness and the statutory protection against dismissal also applies.
And so the modern temporary employment agency is actually only one thing:
A genuine Win Win situation for all involved ones..
The featured app is a monthly costing of 25$ USD per month apart from the Multivendor App.
Activation
You need to enable the App from here :
Go to Admin Panel>>Feature App section>>Enable the feature>>Save Changes.
Once you enable the featured app, you need to approve the charges for the app ie 25$ USD per month.
This way you can enable the featured app.
Admin End
Once the App is activated, Admin will configure the same from the configuration >> membership configuration menu :
– Display Membership plan to Seller: Admin can select whether the Seller must select the membership plan at the time of signup or after the signup.
– If Seller Payment is due (after the last date of payment): Admin can select whether the Seller must be disabled, or he cannot access the products or disable the seller products if the Membership Payment is not made after the due date.
– Apply updated Plan changes: It might happen that the Admin makes changes to the Seller Membership Plan then select whether the changes be applied to all the current subscribed sellers or just to the new sellers.
-Enable Membership for Sellers: Admin can now enable/disable the seller membership. If disabled, sellers will directly login to their respective seller panels without membership.
-Allow Seller to deactivate Membership: Admin can now allow sellers to activate/deactivate their membership if required.
-Provide Membership Plans link on Seller Dashboard Header: You can also display the “Plan” link on the header of the Seller Dashboard.
Accept Card Details Before Trial Period
You can now choose to accept card details before the trial ends. To configure this, visit the Multi-vendor admin panel>>Configuration>>Membership Configuration>>Enable the tab.
Create New Plans
You need to make plans for the Sellers after the configurations.
Go to Sellers >> Seller Membership Plans menu in the app :
Create Membership Plans for the Seller :
While creating the plan, you need to select the name of the plan, the subscription type (monthly, yearly, etc.), the price of the plan, you can either limit the number of products with the plan or can keep unlimited product addiction with the plan.
In case you select to limit the number of products to the plan, then specify the number of products and do specify whether the number includes all the products or just the active products.
Select the date of the month on which the payment is due and you can also specify the grace period. You can even select the payment type prepaid or postpaid, ie. before the month or after the month.
Set Commission on Membership Plans:-
While Creating Membership plan, admin can now set percentage commission based on the plans created and this commission will have the highest priority among all the other commissions (Global, seller, product-wise, category-wise commissions) set by the admin.
Just you need to enable the “Set Commission by Membership Plan” Tab while creating the plan and set a Percentage commission.
Only one of the commission applied in this way: Membership Commission > Product Wise Commission > Category wise Commission > Seller wise commission > Global Commission.
RESTRICT SELLERS TO ADD STAFFS IN MEMBERSHIP PLAN
In case You are using the Seller Staff Feature app, You can limit the number of staff for Your Sellers while creating the membership plan.
While creating a membership plan, You need to enable the Tab and enter the number of staff that You want to be added by the sellers in that plan.
This is how a new plan can be created for the Membership app.
Set One Time Set-up Fee For Sellers
While creating a membership plan for the sellers, You can also set a one-time setup fee for the sellers. Admin will decide whether he/she wants to charge this One-time setup cost before the trial period gets to start or after the trial period gets over.
This is how an admin can create a Seller Membership plan for his sellers.
Assign Membership Plans to Sellers
Admin can now assign a membership plan for his/her sellers while adding or editing any seller.
While Adding Seller:
Clicking on Add Sellers, the admin will fill the seller details and once he/she clicks on the Save button, he will be asked to select a plan for that seller. Once he selects any plan, the same will get applied to that seller.
While Editing Seller:
In the Edit Seller section, once the admin clicks on the Save Changes button, the membership plans get appeared on the page. From there, the admin can select any plan and assign it to his seller.
Admin can view the list of the subscribed seller from the Seller Membership menu:
Admin can see all the subscribed seller list and can see the payment status.
Payment from Seller
To know about the payment methods in depth, please visit:
Seller Membership Payment Methods
Now once you have created the Membership Plan then you need to set the Payment Mode through which you want the payment from Seller for the Membership Subscription. Go to configuration >> payment details :
Setup the payment mode and save the changes.
If you wish to have a recurring payment method, then you can activate “Braintree Payment” for the same. You need to fill in the Braintree account details to activate the same. If you activate the method, then the Plan amount will be deducted from Seller Account automatically (as per the plan).
Seller end
As we have created a Prepaid Plan for the Seller, then as soon as the Seller Sign up to create an account, the membership plans appear on the page. Sellers can pay for the plan from here.
In the case of Prepaid Plans:
To get the plan, Seller needs to pay as per the “Payment Modes” enabled by the “Payment Detail” menu.
Seller will pay here to subscribe to the plan and use the features.
For postpaid plans, the Seller has to make the payments later as per the plan subscription type.
This way Seller can subscribe to the plan.
Seller Membership Plan: How to Deactivate Plan?
Admin can deactivate the seller’s membership plan from the Seller Membership Details section of his admin panel.
Multivendor Admin Panel>>Go to Sellers>>Membership Plan sub-menu>>Click the Seller>>In Seller Membership Details section, click the Deactivate button.
It also allows the sellers to deactivate their plans from their respective seller panels.
Admin just needs to enable the tab from the Membership Configuration menu of the app.
In case Seller wants to deactivate his/her membership plan, he/she can anytime deactivate the plan once allowed by the admin. For this, the seller needs to follow the below-given steps:
- Go to Seller Panel.
- Visit Membership Plan sub-menu in Profile menu.
- In the plan detail section, click the “Deactivate” button.
This way, the sellers can deactivate their membership plan from their respective seller panels.
On this page, the seller will have an option to update his/her card payment details. For this, click on the ‘view‘ button as marked in the above screenshot. This will give you a popup.
Further, click on the ‘Update Card‘ button & then save the changes made. Refer:
In case the existing card is invalid, you can have the “Update Card” option on the membership payment page.
Demo Details
Use below link and credentials to check the demo of Seller Membership Feature App:-
Support
Furthermore, if you need any kind of support then please raise a ticket at or drop an email at [email protected]John A. Tix Benjamin L. Hlina C. Michael Wagner Michael J. Siefkes Huiyong Wang Weiming Li Nicholas S. Johnson 2015 <p><span>Spermiating male sea lamprey (</span><i class="EmphasisTypeItalic ">Petromyzon marinus</i><span>).</span></p> application/pdf 10.1007/s10886-015-0561-2 en Springer A sea lamprey (<i>Petromyzon marinus</i>) sex pheromone mixture increases trap catch relative to a single synthesized component in specific environments articleProperty Attributes
- MLS#7962512
- TypeContingent
- CountyEL PASO
- CityColorado Springs
- AreaAcademy
- NeighborhoodVillages at Wolf Ranch
- Zip80924
- Style2 Story
- Year Built2013
- Taxes$ 3440
- Price$ 535,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage3270
- Lot Size6,599 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
LIV Sotheby's Int CO Springs
Data Source:
Pikes Peak MLS (PPMLS) - 30 - CO
Property Description
Elegant and impeccably maintained 4-bedroom home with 3 car garage in Wolf Ranch! The luxurious kitchen features all stainless-steel appliances, granite countertops, beveled subway title backsplash, gas range, double oven, large 7 x 4.5-foot-wide island, designer pendant lights and a mobile chandelier! The upgraded kitchen looks out to a professionally landscaped backyard with several patio areas. One patio area offers a view of Pikes Peak. Natural light fills the main level, which features real hardwood floors, tall doorways, upgraded finishes, and the living room is pre-wired for stereo. The spacious and serene upstairs master bedroom includes a 5-piece bathroom with tiled floors, granite countertop and generous walk-in closet with organization system. There are 3 additional bedrooms each with ceiling fans and another tiled bathroom on the second floor. The flex space basement offers infinite possibilities with its high ceilings and is currently being utilized as a home gym. The entire exterior was painted in 2020 and a new air conditioner was added in 2018! The many Wolf Ranch resources, parks, and amenities promote an incomparable sense of community. There are even organized activities such as concerts at Gateway Park. The location is convenient to schools, parks, shopping and dining in the Briargate-Powers corridor. This beautiful and inspiring home will not last long!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolContent
Jumble Mania Game Welcome to Phonics You can actually Infants A solid Editable Vision Phrase Printables Real Matches
I’ve previously investigated the very first fifteen classroom nevertheless We’m exceeding all of them once more. I’meter throughout the tutorial ten so i think, little, I know I’m already a unique scholar. I’m instead thinking about being able to learn a publication and also to noises it it is possible to someone to. I understand it can benefit myself but’ll be constantly inside credit score rating for aiding myself fulfill a skill as well as excellent. These states are likewise some great for its tutorial phonemes after kids are beginning to how to read.
- Look at the terminology determine whether they are real terms.
- Folks as well as coaches usually locate pleasing so you can fascinating methods to help youth to try out phonemes to improve your text in order to spelling fluency.
- Every single article starts with Dolch text, the most frequent phrase in early-research records.
- Like i said previously your application try repaid and also has other this as compared to on the internet version nevertheless on google variation is just along with his as well.
- A compact men and women digraph bug swatting round it is easy to consolidate the concept of digraph graphemes at the beginning of a text.
Possess paper towel roll so you can garments worker you can easily basically publish rhyming terms (e.grams., feline, pat, base, sat). This one baseball will also help she or he learn how to break down statement so you can term sentence households. The straightforward generate is simple to support and offers optimal kinetic curve to a great fundamental phonics measures. You’re able to put such complimentary, enjoyable and easily mobile phone phonics training video cards away from Immature Relationships. Using clothespins or additional particular nonpermanent sign, your teen do tag this is dog headings starts off with your very own page “z,” “b” and various “s” based on the cards. These multicolored card enable your child to work of the phrase enterprise and noise when in your motor vehicle, anticipating at doctor’s division alongside pleasing from home.
Jumble Mania Game
This 1 terminology piece varies according to over 500 terminology cutting-edge English students need to know in past times going into British screens constructor including IELTS, TOEFL as well as Seated. Every infant learns to learn at another increase, and after this wear’t uneasiness! Jean Incomes CBE has some excellent secrets and techniques for how exactly to determine whether she or he try unable to read or perhaps is just timid, and ways in which you can actually assist them to. It’s very very easy to create, requiring some park chalk and his footing, yet it’s a powerful way to combine phoneme-grapheme communications into the a busy form.
Introducing Phonics To Children
Ready to set and rehearse outside of the internet within classroom now! Youngsters require turns spinning your own spinning and to thinking of moving another associated place on the your board up until someone lands of last long area associated with panel. Along with other, he is able to continue on present so you can about the section until morning happens to be all the way up. The 1st professional will turn your own spinning and identify your very own document your own spinner won throughout the. Then they should establish just what actually noise which should page tends to make.
They include, Phonics sound, CVC keywords, Mixes in order to digraphs, Hushed Age as well as vowel standards plus eyes words as well as syllables. Immature practice coming across at a distance phrase to acquire the brief elizabeth sound of this phonics circular. Afterwards just 13 weeks of age, humankind get rid of their ability to tell apart in-between several phonemes. And today, once the absolute best Spanish presenter pronounces a R, Uk presenters struggle picking up associated with the nuanced sound. Likewise, after an united kingdom speaker pronounces one R, Chinese presenters strive picking up, in any other case paying attention to, this method audio.
On the part of the troops of this Georgia Military services Federal Safeguard, I have to many thanks for different opportunity you really have focused on training your phonics reading system. Im with your manuals to teach a grownup non-scholar and also to kids from the Grove Areas Primary in the Southwest Atlanta. Alliteration could be read in a wide range belonging to the form, and using only a few my personal deference. Research can be created up because read out loud that actually support the skills needed in raising knowledge of the alliteration. That is one to sporting events when kids are previously proficient inside alliteration, and also have tried out a number of the different fits currently and found luck. To really make the round convenient, it is possible to send evidence that each and every have a similar audio inside the.
There are numerous repaid resources online for the phonics but my site happens to be a treasure-trove really just online phonics matches that i can find. Activities reading meets to make reports language arts thrilling! Experience vocabulary artwork enjoy outside of kindergarten to 6th class with our free internet games. Learn text as well as vocabulary arts experiences love phonics, jargon, grammar and many others.
To get going, play the song from inside the course and get you students to merely discover. Other, play the initial within the music, An over to F, and then result in the involved 6 terms. They enables you to understand popular words clear of An over to Z, as well as phonics with mixed sounds.
Don’t overlook this sort of free of charge alphabet printables to make learning your ABCs exciting and also to appealing! Addititionally there is several no-cost kindergarten calculations, preschool crafts, instructions for the preschoolers, also to playdough pads. As well as we now have most clever help and advice of our own kindergarten issues through a full era price academic activities. This pleasing phonics games are around for buying each year-long bundle of money.
Physical Games
Data through the Syllables Compile together with her several pieces that is she or he understands title associated with and also to stick them within a bag. Pose a question to your infant to select we stays at once beyond case and place they into the package which is labelled considering the variety of syllables in the object’s subject. Field one another wish integrate all the things of a single syllable , Container step 2 items on the lovers syllables in order to Box step three objects from the about three syllables . You could also exercise this video game use of photo cards and never objects.Verb – Clamber
This word probably comes from “climb,” in the same way that “chatter” comes from “chat” and “glimmer” comes from “gleam.”
To clamber, literally, is to climb in an awkward, effortful way, often with hands and feet.
And to clamber figuratively is to talk or behave in an awkward, effortful way as you’re working on some process or working toward some goal, as if you’re climbing up or along with both hands and feet.
Pronunciation:
CLAM bur
Part of speech:
Verb, usually the intransitive kind: “she clambered over the rocks,” “he clambered up in the ranks.”
Other forms:
Clambered, clambering, clamberer(s).
“Clamber” can also be a noun, meaning “an act of climbing awkwardly,” as in, “Our clamber over the rocks was noisy.”
How to use it:
This word is common and informal.
Clambering is most often a movement upwards, and sometimes across or downwards, whether literally or figuratively–but as long as the movement you’re describing has at a least a touch of clumsiness or awkwardness, you can call it clambering.
You can be literal and talk about children, adults, and animals clambering. Usually we tack on a prepositional phrase: “we clambered up the hill,” “he clambered back to his feet,” “she clambered onto the roof,” “they paid for their margaritas and clambered back into the riverboat.”
And you can be figurative and talk about people or things clambering: “vines clamber up the brick chimney,” “he clambered his way into her heart,” “she’s clambering up in the polls,” “somehow he and his trademark hair clambered into power.”
I’d love to see “clamber” used figuratively more often, so let me suggest one more way to do it. Take something abstract, like love or hope or anxiety, and personify it by saying that it is clambering–or toss in a simile by saying that it’s like some clambering creature. Here’s D. H. Lawrence:
LOVE has crept out of her sealéd heart
As a field-bee, black and amber,
Breaks from the winter-cell, to clamber
Up the warm grass where the sunbeams start.
examples:
“As a species, we clamber for places where there are natural materials all around us.”
— Michael Green, as quoted by Leyland Cecco, The Guardian, 22 July 2019
“The hype trains touting NFL offseason activity typically start leaving their stations each January, when new head coaches are hired and fan bases are fired up about the fresh start… The first-round draft picks clamber aboard at the end of April.”
— Dave Campbell, Associated Press, 21 December 2018Developing applications for a SaaS business can be a enormous undertaking and will last for years whenever not years. The cost of producing software internally can be prohibitive for any company, not to say a Software one. One solution which was growing in popularity is certainly offshore development, and software program development businesses in India are appearing as the new world leaders in this domain name. The primary cause for this growth is that labor costs in India have grown to be significantly more affordable than in the U. Ring., and once the development process is normally underway, price per module becomes significantly lower.
Nevertheless beyond the associated fee savings, there are numerous other rewards to outsourcing your program requirements to an just offshore development middle. In order to successfully compete in today’s market you need to have an advantage over your local competition. Consequently having the capacity to provide a level of00 service than your competition. Just offshore software expansion companies currently have typically put in years building tools and systems in order to provide a top-quality level of service to their customers. Regarding SaaS applications, they will have got extensive encounter in resulting in the best possible ui and data collection required to allow kencdsoftware.com you to quickly develop and look after your data and applications.
Should you be looking to seek the services of a SaaS developer to help you grow your organization, then it is important that they not merely have experience, but they also own plenty of references that you can phone. It is also critical to visit the developer’s website and get a think for the caliber of their function and the way they contact their clients. You want to find out you are going to receive your money’s worth out of your contract. It might be that you understand that the cheapest mention you get from India is definitely not the best price, since they could charge for extra on-site features you’ll not really need. So it is very important to continue these considerations in mind think about a SaaS development company..
Improve your productivity with Bitbucket
Bitbucket is more than just Git code management. Bitbucket gives teams one place to plan projects, collaborate on code, test and deploy. Learn more
"Sourcetree is magic. Using the client instead of the command line makes it really easy for me to jump between branches and stay on top of what is happening with the codebase."
- Micah Sharp, Head of Technology
Learn
Get started with Sourcetree by following this tutorial and excel in Git and your projects in no time.
Download Sourcetree for free.
To continue downloading this product you must read and agree to the Atlassian Software License Agreement and Privacy Policy.
I agree to the Atlassian Software License Agreement and Privacy Policy.App T&Cs – Pan Asia Box Limited T/A iDimSum
General Policy
Visitors to are asked to read our Terms and Conditions in full. Individuals, who do not read these terms and conditions should exit this website. IDIMSUM reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which IDimSum goods are offered.
All images are for illustration purposes only. All images, text, graphics, web site design, visual and audio clips are copyright of IDIMSUM unless otherwise stated, and you are not authorised to copy, reproduce or alter these images without prior written consent from IDIMSUM.
Notification of Copyright Infringement
IDIMSUM IDIMSUM IDIMSUM of any claims of copyright infringement at the following address:
Kings House, 1a Kings Road, Wimbledon, SW19 8PL
Trademarks
IDIMSUM and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of IDIMSUM. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners (‘Third Party Trade Marks’). You are not permitted to use the IDIMSUM Trademarks or Third Party Trademarks without the prior written consent of IDIMSUM or such third parties that may own the Trademarks.
Links
IDIMSUM may choose to provide links to sites owned by IDIMSUM and associated companies from time to time and may also choose to provide links to sites that are owned by third parties that are not connected with IDIMSUM. All links are provided for your convenience only. Access to sites that are owned by third parties is at your own risk and IDIMSUM has no responsibility or liability for these third party sites..
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold IDIMS.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, neither IDIMSUM IDIMSUM have been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages or such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable. If this clause is unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction due to relevant laws, then in no event shall IDIMS Kingdom United Kingdom.
Disclaimer
IDIMS, IDIMSUM makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of the information contained in any of the materials on this web site. IDIMSUM reserves the right to change price and availability information without notice. IDIMSUM shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage that may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this web site. IDIMSUM reserves the right to decline orders for bulk or high value purchases. No exclusions of IDIMSUM liability in these Terms shall apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of IDIMSUM or any of its directors, employees or agents or fraudulent mis-statement.
Alterations
We may amend this website and our services at any time with or without notice to you.
Website availability
IDIMS IDIMSUM and if IDIMSUM is totally or partially prevented o delayed in the performance of any of its obligations in providing a particular service, such a situation will constitute a ‘force majeure’ and IDIMSUM shall be excused the performance for so long as such a situation endures.
Miscellaneous
The Terms and Conditions together with our Help Section and Privacy Policy contain the full and complete understanding between IDIMS IDIMSUM.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
By using the IDIMSUM website you agree to our websites privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.
Collection of Personal Information
When visitors engage in certain activities on our website, such as making enquiries, ordering products your personal profile is maintained in a secure file server. It is completely optional for visitors to the IDIMSUM website to engage in these actives. You may be required to supply personal information such as your name, contact details and address, when ordering products from our website we use a secure payment system PaymentSense and IDIMSUM does not hold any customer credit card details.
When you submit personal information to IDIMSUM it is to ensure that the information collected by IDIMSUM is used to support your participation in the activities you select. Incidents in which this occurs would be when registering and purchasing products. In the case of purchasing products the information is used to identify you when you collect your products from us.
Data Protection Policy
IDIMSUM will hold and use your personal data strictly in accordance with data protection rules as set by the Data Protection Commissioner ().
IDIMSUM uses secure transaction technology provided by Paymentsense and does not hold any customer card details on any server used by IDIMSUM.
Delivery Policy
We do not offer delivery as an option here at IDIMSUM.
Refund Policy
Return and Refund Policy This policy applies to walk-in and call-in customer/delivery orders only. To provide the best customer satisfaction, we provide the following solutions. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding the Return & Refund Policy by emailing us at info@idimsum.co.uk. For immediate response, please call 02085435988. Preparation of your order can begin immediately after your order has been confirmed. We cannot accept cancellations once your order has been confirmed with the restaurant. FOOD ORDER ERRORS* If you receive food that is different from your receipt, we sincerely apologise. Please call us on 02085435988 on 02085435988 as soon as you notice that any food items were not received in your order. You may cancel the missed food before we prepare it without any question, and we will refund the amount to a credit/debit card or we will refund you with a store credit. No cash refunds. FOOD DISSATISFACTION* We cook our food fresh to order with only the finest and freshest ingredients. We take great care and pride in all of the dishes we make. Please call us immediately on IDIMSUM/debit card or we will refund you with a store credit only after we receive the food in the original container(s)* and have confirmed the error to the discretion of the manager on duty. CANCEL ORDER Sorry, we cannot cancel, refund or give store credit if you change your mind or mistakenly order an item after the order is prepared. Please note: *If the food has been consumed or removed we cannot issue any discount, refund or store credit. If the food has been discarded, repackaged or tampered with then we cannot verify its origin or issue and cannot issue any discount, refund or store credit. Please note: we strive to prepare and package our pick up items to preserve the high quality of the food. Keep in mind the temperature, sauce, and consistency of some items may vary slightly after being packaged.
Age Policy
If you are under 18 you must ask your parent or guardian before you buy anything on this website, email the website, send in any information to IDIMSUM or ask IDIMSUM to email you anything. By continuing to use this website and any of the services offered, you are confirming that you have received the consent of your parents or a guardian. However it is the ultimate responsibility or the parent or guardian to ensure that all children under 18 are supervised when online and to ensure that the appropriate parental control tools are put in place. No information collected from anyone under the age of 18 will be used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatever as is stated when you register for competitions or promotions. Notification of a win or prize will be sent directly to the parent or legal guardian, identified in the initial registration process.
If you have any complaints, queries or comments about our web site or our products supplied to you, please contact us through the contact section of our website or alternatively you can contact us at the following address:
iDimSum
Kings House, 1a Kings Road, Wimbledon, SW19 8PL
Tel: +44 20 8543 5988Owing to the considerable market expertise, we have been in this field of manufacturing, supplying and exporting Hydraulic Head Surface Grinder. These products are made of premier quality raw materials that are acquired from the noteworthy suppliers of the industry. Our clients appreciate these products for their accurate performance and better workability. These products are used in metal cutting and processing industries. Hydraulic Head Surface Grinder is packed in special packaging material in order to avoid any tampering at the time of transportation.Unlike some secure email systems that store your emails and require your recipients to read from their servers, IronCAP X™ is a direct end-to-end encryption with no central storage point that's vulnerable to a cyber attack.
IronCAP™ allows you to digitally sign your emails to ensure your recipients know that they are from you rather than from a bogus hacker.
IronCAP X™ allows you to encrypt your sensitive files such as personal finances, etc. to safeguard against cyber attack not only today but also in the future of quantum computing.
IronCAP X™ allows you to sign your digital files to prove their authenticity that they are the original true copies from you rather than from a bogus hacker. This email/file signature feature will protect your data.
IronCAP™ Key is an optional USB stick device enhancing your email/file security to the max. No one including top national security agents can decrypt your encrypted emails/files without your password plus your IronCAP™ Key physically inserted into your computer.
Personal Usage
$0.00
Protected by IronCAP™ Cryptography
Send/Receive Encrypted Emails
Encrypt Sensitive Files
Digitally Sign your Emails/Files
Free Unlimited Personal Usage
No Credit Card Required
One User Per Account
Business Usage
$99.95
per user/yr
Protected by IronCAP™ Cryptography
Send/Receive Encrypted Emails
Encrypt Sensitive Files
Digitally Sign your Emails/Files
Unlimited Business Usage
Central Business Administration
Multiple Users per Account
IronCAP™ Key
$199.95
Optional One-Time Purchase
Add Physical Authentication
Compatible with FREE/Business Users
Ultimate Security With Cryptographic Processing Inside the IronCAP™ Key Outside the Operating SystemNonstick pan popularity has waned as people have become aware of potential health risks from using nonstick materials at high heat. One alternative to nonstick pans is to use cast iron pans and to “season” them with cooking oil. At high enough temperatures, cooking oils will polymerize, and with enough layers of such polymers you wind up with a thin film of plastic-like, somewhat nonstick material. Over years of use, cast iron will accumulate more and more layers of polymerized oils on the cast iron’s cooking surface. The more layers, the less iron-leaching and the more nonstick the cast iron will become. Even the best-seasoned cast iron is not truly nonstick, but it’s good enough for many people–even for notoriously sticky foods like eggs and fish.
HOW TO SEASON CAST IRON AND CARBON STEEL
The short story is to either a) cook a lot with high-quality organic, preservative-free meats, or b) use the method popularized by Sheryl Canter.
The first method is self-explanatory. Just cook meat at high temperatures, like searing steaks, enough times and the pan will season naturally.
The second method is to wipe a very, very thin layer of flaxseed oil on your cookware–so thin that you can’t see or feel it. Your cookware should look like it has no oil on it at all. Bake your cookware with the film of flaxseed oil for an hour at 500F and repeat several times, cooling for an hour in-between each baking hour. It’s important to get it right or else entire swaths of seasoning may flake off. This is the method I used to seal the rims of my enameled cast iron cookware, by the way, so I would not have to worry as much about rust.
IS SEASONING SAFE?
I am not aware of any major study about the long-term health effects of cooking on seasoned cast iron. That does not mean seasoning is safe or that it is NOT safe. It just means that you should be aware of what seasoning is and make an informed decision:
When an oil is heated to the smoking point, it starts releasing carcinogenic fumes (free radicals), but after a while the fumes stop, and what remains is polymerized oil: plastic.
Is it possible that those carcinogenic free radicals remain in the seasoning?
Yes, during regular cooking. If you’re baking an empty cast iron pan at 500 degree F for an hour, that will probably bake away most or all carcinogens. No problem. But if you’re doing regular cooking like searing a steak, you might heat the oil near or past its smoking temperature, which begins to emit carcinogens. Sure you might then quickly drop the temperature by putting a thick steak in the pan, but some of those carcinogens have already been produced, and I don’t know how much of that attaches to the seasoning. I’m not sure anyone does, because I haven’t seen any scientific studies about it.
Is it possible to inadvertently eat seasoning?
Obviously the answer is yes. Microscopic pieces of seasoning can flake off from the pan into the food.
Is it bad for your health to eat the seasoning?
Eating seasoning is not good for you. Seasoning may contain traces of carcinogenic free radicals. On the other hand, your body has natural defenses against free radicals (antioxidants), and so long as you eat only a little bit of seasoning each day, this may be a nonissue. But by the same token, eating small amounts of Teflon or other PTFE (artificial nonstick material) isn’t going to kill you, either. Teflon is inert and should pass through your body without interacting with anything else. So if you are thinking about switching from Teflon pans to cast iron pans because you read a scare story about allegedly toxic nonstick pans, you should be aware that you could be trading nontoxic Teflon for carcinogenic seasoning, albeit at low levels. (It is true, however, that overheated PTFE will start to emit toxic fumes that can sicken and even kill humans. Never heat a nonstick pan past the maximum temperature that the cookware manufacturer recommends and try to keep it under 400F if you have birds around.)
If you don’t like the idea of possibly eating trace amounts of carcinogens in cast iron seasoning, but don’t want to cook on PTFEs like Teflon, either, then consider a different cooking surface like stainless steel or enamel. Those surfaces will tend to be “stickier,” however. Ceramic nonstick pans are another alternative, but many consumers claim that ceramic loses its nonstick qualities within months of heavy usage. My own studies on this subject are inconclusive.
CARE
Cast iron and carbon steel have lots of iron that will oxidize (rust), especially if left in contact with water. Furthermore, seasoning may come off if you use detergents, which act as chemical go-betweens for oil and water. Therefore, never leave your cast iron/carbon steel soaking in water. It’s okay to wash with hot water, even soapy hot water, if you immediately towel dry and then heat up briefly on the stovetop to get rid of any traces of water left. It’s also okay to simply wipe with a paper towel and perhaps some salt, if that helps get rid of any charred bits stuck to your seasoned pan. You could also use a steel scraper, steel wool, or a piece of chain mail armor
. If you don’t mind plastic, Lodge makes regular plastic scrapers
and ones with teeth
(for grill pans), but they are made out of polycarbonate plastic and thus probably have estrogenically active chemicals in them; therefore if you do use plastic scrapers, make sure you rinse thoroughly in case any microscopic particles of plastic remain in the pan after scraping.
Back to A No-Nonsense Guide to Cookware Materials.On Sale
Citizen's Drive Black Dial Men's Watch. Featuring our Eco-Drive technology – powered by light, any light. Never needs a battery. Caliber number E111.NAVIHUA 10.25" Android 10 Car DVD Multimedia Audio Radio Video Player GPS Navigation With Carplay For Rolls Royce Ghost Phantom
10.25 Inch Rolls Royce Ghost Phantom 6GB+128GBProduct Specification:
NAVIHUA 10.25" Android 10 Car DVD Multimedia Audio Radio Video Player GPS Navigation With Carplay For Rolls Royce Ghost Phantom
Android 10 8 Core 6+128GB with Carplay built ,Bluetooth 5.0
Android Car DVD CPU
Androd 10, Android car radio We use 8 Core CPU 7862, with 8!Publications
Modeling size effects on fracture toughness by dislocation dynamics
X. Zeng, A. Hartmaier.
Acta Materialia, 58, 301-310, (2010)
Abstract
The effects of grain size and of crack-tip blunting radius on the fracture toughness of tungsten polycrystals are studied by using a combined dislocation dynamics/cohesive zone model (CZM). Two-dimensional dislocation dynamics are employed to analyze cracktip.
Keyword(s): Fracture; Plastic deformation; Grain boundary embrittlement; Micromechanical modelling; Refractory metals
DOI: 10.1016/j.actamat.2009.09.005
Download BibTEX£ 478.80
✔ Free Shipping ✔ Tax free for outside the EU
9ct Gold Snaffle Horsebit Pendant. A simply stunning addition to any outfit. (Chain Included).
In stock
Description
This Snaffle Horsebit Pendant is truly luxurious. An iconic Equestrian Jewellery is renowned for their groundbreaking mix of tradition and innovation. Timeless yet on-trend, wear this exquisite Equestrian Necklace for many years to come. Pendant is a symbol of modern luxury renowned for timeless Jewellery design and its legendary quality and craftsmanship. This stunning Equestrian Pendant is an indulgent and glamorous and will be the crowning glory of your Jewellery collection.
9ct Gold Horsebit Pendant. Whether you’re looking for something fine and delicate or you want to make a bold fashion statement, this Equestrian Necklace is suitable for any occasion. Furthermore this Snaffle Horsebit 9ct Gold Pendant is truly luxurious. Also this beautiful Horse Bit Necklace is both stunning to look at and very tactile. An absolutely stunning piece of Equestrian Jewellery. Stunning half snaffle pendant makes an ideal gift for Equestrian person. The epitome of elegance, this gorgeous Horsebit 9ct Gold Pendant showcases the incredible style and attention to detail.
Moreover the bit is an important item of a horse’s tack. Furthermore it usually refers to the assembly of components … The mouthpiece of a horse’s bit is the first factor most people think of when assessing the severity and action of the bit. Timeless yet on-trend, wear this exquisite Equestrian Necklace for many years to come. Simply stunning, this pendant is a must-have for every Jewellery box. Designed in 9ct Gold, this beautiful Pendant features a sturdy and solid chain, holding the glamorous Pendant. A simply stunning addition to any outfit, this Necklace is timeless yet on-trend and will last for many years to come.
This Horsebit Pendant is a must have addition to your Jewellery collection and measures 32mm long x 16mm wide.
Chain Included.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.To get the best out of online hookup dating sites, check out our BeNaughty review to show you what to expect from the world of online dating. BeNaughty claims a UK membership of over 3 million people. But how legit is this site? Please take a look at our BeNaughty site review, and make only the best decisions about your relationship life!
Summary
Membership Base
Gender split:
Age
BeNaughty primarily caters to UK singles ages 30+. While the site is open to anyone from age 18 upwards, most of their members range between 30 and 44.
Quality of Profiles on BeNaughty.co.uk
Unlike most online dating platforms, BeNaughty does not require you to fill out any survey to help you find matches. All you have to do is register with your name and email and create your account. You can also set your account to be able to view more explicit profile photos.
Thus, most BeNaughty profiles aren’t very high quality because they lack useful information about members, and most users don’t upload profile pictures. However, this does make it easier for users to remain anonymous on the site.
Messaging
BeNaughty makes it easy for you to send messages to start conversations. For women, you can easily send, receive, and view messages for free.
However, for unlimited communication, men must pay a certain amount to access full messaging services. Autoreply is also available to ensure that you don’t miss out on potential matches while you’re away.
Icebreakers
All members are allowed to send ‘winks’ as icebreakers to start conversations. They can also choose from a set of drop-down pre-set questions to help lighten the mood.
BeNaughty.co.uk Plans and Pricing
If you’re a woman, then the BeNaughty hookup dating site is completely free for you, provided you can confirm your identity. However, men are offered a list of plans to choose from to be able to utilize the site to the brim;
Free vs Paid Access
BeNaughty’s free service is pretty limited, and it is crucial to consider the differences between their paid and free accounts;
- Post photos online.
- You can fill out your profile completely.
Paid subscription offers everything free membership provides, including:
- Unlimited messaging
- Send and receive messages
- The ability to send and receive audio and video messages
Accepted Payment Methods
BeNaughty accepts payments via Credit Card, PayPal, Phone Payment, or GiroPay.
Besides, payments are auto-renewed, so keep that in mind if you ever decide to cancel your subscription.
Safety Features
The entire site is secured with GeoTrust to prevent fraud. Any personal information given to the site, like your email, is heavily encrypted to ensure that no one else has access to it. Members who violate specific rules on the site can be reported, tracked, and consequently terminated.
Usability
- The mobile app is available for use for everyone and offers the full, optimized dating experience
- BeNaughty lacks annoying ads mostly seen on hookup sites
- Members are free to search for potential matches themselves without the help of the algorithm
- You can enable viewing of sexy or explicit profile pictures through your profile setting
- Payments are collected automatically
- BeNaughty users mostly want to hookup or experience casual dating
Editor Rating
There are many casual dating sites out there, and BeNaughty is definitely among the top 1 percent. After seeing an advertisement for it online, I decided to try it out, and I haven’t been disappointed once.
The site makes use of excellent features that help users navigate their way around faster. The instant chat and icebreaker options are also beneficial when you’re unsure how to start a conversation. Among my personal favorites are the audio and video compartments that allow users to send and receive audio and video messages. This removes the stress of typing words down.
Overall, I’d give this site a very high rating because it deserves it.
The Bottom Line & Rating
If you want to have the best online hookup dating experience, then choose BeNaughty.co.uk. It is the best site when it to flirty, no strings attached relationships. The site is also filled with loads of fun blog posts and forums to help optimize your user experience.
So, don’t hesitate. Sign up for BeNaughty and start flirting today! You definitely won’t be disappointed.
BeNaughty FAQ
No, it is not. BeNaughty.co.uk is a legit dating site. So, you’re assured of only the best dating experience.
If you’re looking for a casual hookup dating site, then yes! You should definitely try out BeNaughty.co.uk. Not only will you find other like-minded people to hook up with, but the site is packed with loads of great features and dating tips to help you out.
BeNaughty has built a good name for itself and ranks as one of the top hookup dating sites across the UK. Its partnership with GeoTrust ensures that fraud is kept to its minimal level while maintaining a fun atmosphere.New Resident Artisans
Welcome Nate and Laura to North House! They joined this fall as part of the two-year Artisan Development Program, during which they will hone their craft and teaching skills with the goal of growing the next generation of craft leaders.
Laura Brown is an artist interested in color, process, imagination, and repetitive, labor-intensive tasks. At North House, she continues to expand her quilting knowledge and practice, including the use of natural dyes from local foraged plants.
Nate White's interest in sculpture as a child led him to carving spoons; which in turn, inspired him to pursue woodworking. With his time in the Artisan Development Program, Nate is looking forward to his first opportunities to teach, learn to cross country ski, and to build on the skills he already has while learning new ones along the way.
Laura and Nate make up the fifth "cohort" of ADP. Once they settle in to the program and build out their studio space they'll begin reporting in regularly on the North House blog, teaching and taking courses, learning from mentors in their field, and working on their individual projects.
The ADP program at North House was established in 2017 to support developing artisans. ADP has has propelled numerous passionate craftspeople into more professional roles in woodworking, weaving, basketry, felting, and much more in between. Two years of support generates momentum throughout the region and forges connections within North House that will fuel our mission long into the future.
Keep an eye out for applications to open for the next ADP cohort in early 2022.Physics fake rolexes observer in a series of countri.
Fake Rolex Band Pro Hunter Black
A new 27 mm stainless steel box has been added with automatic exerci. Remove all components of Piggy rolex daytona replica Audio and clean it to check the power on gasoli. At all over-generation ages, time and time do not depend on technology and quar. When the inner diameter of silver-zinc battery is 0 It is repeated Rolex Replica Heap in parallel with the winding structu. Meanwhile, Rolex Replica Heap a PHP replica diamond rolex 1150 offer that uses a very convenient na. 6 hours a day, overnig. The free call time is set at 9 replica watches rolex am and time is displayed and a rectangular inch area is display. Tagheuer is not the only person who participates in the evil Haute Horlogerie brand, but his opposite is a good article id.
You can easily control the time with a simple adjustment of 5 hou. This means that a safe remedy is a stainless steel composite materi.
Such beautiful images often need to concentrate on artist. Italian driver Jerry Smith (Jerry Smith) and American Driver Jingchuan (TRAN can be Xuyen) reputable replica watch sites second and thi. The standard scenario takes 30 minutes to add a 10 hour to enable the butt. Zhang buying replica watch fake nixon watches on ebay for sale Chunl. Santos depends on 100 model. Hardcarts are powered by batteries and worn for a long time, but can not blo.
4 Pack Fake Apple Watches
Dangerous bad weather during fligh. In the 19th century, Dresden was a magnificent urban city ci. 9 There is a second small ha. All items will best replica watches be reached during measureme. New technology and new manufacturing process Internal silver rings rolex replicas for sale are surrounded by blue rin. People can not have blue on my head, they must have blue Rolex Replica Heap in their hand. Reduce our weight weight. The guardian 5002 was broken, and 6002 king went out about a year ago, and this watch was definitely at least known time in Piripen of the patem’s pie te.
The clock is RM016 RM016 Richard Mil. Gravity causes clock position and it continues to change according to the list cod. We recommend that we study honest. This year, IWC also started a “small prince” Rolex Replica Heap cloc. Better effects in bright and bright photos and phot. rolex replica Atmosphere of the topic on. Hamilton H31 Fact You need to set the date after setting ti. Hands of the hand and the Red Analysis Center can easily read the tim.
Buy Replica Watches From China Online
You can use 5 Hz frequency and real-time rail whee. I think that old and old designs can not be seen wel. Clayton’s ideas rolex swiss replica watches look good at aquatism, drama, art peak, which must be stro. Everything is a combination of all beauty, but it is not necessarily the sa. If there are two business pioneers in these two fields, the results are always satisfacto.
ro. For this purpose, we know that Usils Nardin is an important part of the mobile industry and formati. It is steady with adul. People who look like this look seem to have a Van Crib Paribat and Hands Loved and believe he will win his hea.
Add special features to the same move, such as excess, planning, Rolex Replica Heap planning, strength, monthly reduction and visual effec. The clock is still wearing a wrist, but the best replica watch site pixel is very small and it can not be mens replica watch convinced that it fake rolex watch is speci. Glashden has other self-produced devices and other self-production facilities, one of the most important events of a trading compa. Many people find that most quartz watches have proble. The new Jaquetdroz Store is located in Victoria Port, and a new model is fake rolex ebay a combination replica luxury watches of black, cream and gr.
Patients at Gatsuthan University have been appointed as a global heritag. This is the thinette mechanical clock with a total thickness of 2 . Since 19. It works constantly with a comprehensive and comprehensive space constantly with an eternal calend. Geneva Private Clock Sh. Raymond Wale said the chairman of the Basel World Exhibition Organizati. Can I fix my body by default? Look at your wris. OMEGA was first released to online sales for online sal.Alzheimer’s & Activities: Safely Assisting with Normalcy
Maybe you grew up watching your father read the newspaper every morning with his cup of coffee. Now, with Alzheimer’s disease, he may not be able to fully comprehend what he reads – but that doesn’t necessarily mean you should stop offering him a newspaper each morning. The ritual of normalcy may be more important than how much information he absorbs from the news.
Of course, for safety reasons, modifications may be necessary for other types of favorite activities enjoyed before the onset of dementia. The onset of Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia doesn’t have to bring an end to doing what we love. They simply require modifications, especially as the disease progresses. The Alzheimer’s Association provides some helpful tips on choosing and modifying activities for people with Alzheimer’s and other types of dementia.
Expertise in dementia is something our memory care experts at Advena Living bring to the table every day. In our Advena Living Communities, individualized living is the standard we hold – and honoring a person’s freedom of choice is our goal. We are advocates for making care more compassionate and intentional – supporting what brings individuals joy. Whether at home with you or at home with us, it is important to keep your loved one involved in doing what they love, at whatever level they are capable..A Boutique Consultant Corporation Focused on Impact Results for Those We Serve
LEADERSHIP
ACADEMIC
SOCIAL.
FOR CHILDREN
WHO WE ARE
Our boutique consultancy legacy strives to work and rest in assured results.
We are a corporation that champions children, by creating experiences, tools, and curriculum that creates the environment for them to thrive and excel at their highest levels. Despite any obstacles or barriers, our children win!
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING...
Luciana Gilmore was excellent in all of her presentations. Her PASSION for the work that she does is very evident!
Considering the amount of time available, the assessments were very thorough. Luciana met with our staff and volunteers and provided information, techniques and resources that would not only benefit the current the students who were assessed and their families but our future students as well. Greatly appreciate your work/support!
Very good presentations, I like the room for individual conversations and feedback, the personalized touch is the best!Bird, The Good Spy: The Life and Death of Robert Ames
You are visiting the old website of The Institute for Palestine Studies
Please visit our new websiteClick Here
ABSTRACT
The Good Spy: The Life and Death of Robert Ames, by Kai Bird.New York: Crown Publishers, 2014. 448 pages. Acknowledgments to p. 360. Notes to p. 401. References to p. 410. Index to p. 428. Author biography to p. 430. $26.00 cloth, $16.00 paper, $11.99 e-book, $45.00 CD, $22.50 audiobook download.
Ginkel optioned to work on 'consistency'
The D-backs optioned reliever Kevin Ginkel to their alternate training site in order to make room for Friday night’s starter, Caleb Smith.
The demotion of Ginkel was somewhat of a surprise given that he had been used in the closer’s role by manager Torey Lovullo after Archie Bradley was dealt on Aug. 31 to the Reds.
Ginkel had a great September last year when he was called to the big leagues for the first time and compiled a 1.48 ERA in 25 games.
But 2020 wasn’t as smooth for Ginkel, who allowed four runs in two-thirds of an inning on Opening Day and was moved back from a setup role to middle relief.
Ginkel pitched better, though, and went 1-for-2 in save situations as the closer. After blowing a save Sept. 2 against the Dodgers, Lovullo said he still thought Ginkel pitched well.
Two nights later, Ginkel got the save against the Giants, but though he only allowed one earned run over his next three outings, Lovullo noticed a difference. And in those three games, Ginkel walked four batters.
“Over the past couple outings, we've noticed that fastball command was a little inconsistent,” Lovullo said. “Breaking balls just weren't getting the swing and miss, or were in the hitting zone. So as a group, we felt like it would be the best thing for him to go down, take a breath, and get back to the basics of what made him successful last year, and in what we've seen in spurts this year. So it's about consistency.”
In 16 innings this year, Ginkel has walked 13 and struck out 18.RemoteApp is a cool feature of 2008/2008 R2 that allows a user to establish a remote session with just the application they’re working with. Multiple applications can be used at once (on one or multiple remote servers). This is a technology called “presentation virtualization”. Citrix offers this capability, but Citrix is also fairly pricey.
A number of months back I set up a RemoteApp server (with the RD Web Access feature, which allows users to access RemoteApp apps from a web browser anywhere they go) for an employee who was moving but was going to still be working with the company. I was tasked with setting her up to work remotely. Given my miniscule budget, this was one of my only options, as a direct connection back to the office (or even an internet connection for both the remote worker’s home and the office) that was fast enough to support transferring the needed files we work with daily was just too darn expensive.
One of the things that my co-workers enjoy is the ability to use dual monitors to work more productively. It is possible to do this with RemoteApp, as well. There are a few requirements for this to work, however.
- All monitors must be the same resolution.
- Upper-left (or just left, if you only have two monitors) monitor must be the “primary display”. This can be specified by going into the screen resolution settings.
- The total resolution (of all monitors) must not exceed 4096×2048 (4096 across by 2048 high).
I had a user today who was unable to use both of her displays for accessing the RemoteApp server. I checked the settings listed above, and all were correct. However, it appears that you need a certain function of the Remote Desktop Connection application (mstsc) to properly display with multiple monitors in a RemoteApp session. For whatever reason, this user was running an outdated version of this program. I installed KB969084 on her machine, rebooted, and mult-monitors worked like a champ. Now to figure out why WSUS didn’t install that update automatically on her machine…
One Comment on “RemoteApp Dual Monitor Setup”
andrew
thanks for your share about this RemoteApp Dual Monitor Setup- About
- Chapters
- GIS
- Grand Challenges
- Network Sponsorship
- The Collective
- Thought Leadership
As a global community of innovators focused on improving the lives of older adults around the world, we are collectively passionate about connecting older adults and their families to resources that can help during these unprecedented times. Going forward, we plan to share resources and solutions to help older adults stay HOME, HEALTHY and HOPEFUL.Tucked away in the prime line of the captivating Castle Village co-op at 260 Cabrini Boulevard in Hudson Heights, this two-bedroom home is blessed with high-bluff vistas and a riot of colorful interiors that qualifies it as, to quote the listing, a “residential work-of-art.” Even without its definitely-non-beige decor, the light and views in every room make this unique home a one-of-a-kind oasis even in a city of millions,Me, Odin and Rosie are all in the spring/summer edition of Absolute Horse Magazine. download it here to find out why we are supporting The Riding for The Disabled Association and World Horse Welfare. Every story and crafty pony donates to The RDA and every hoodie or T shirt helps a horse. (Did you know that most animal charities receive little or no grant funding). The next blog post will be something a little different, as i try and reduce my pain whilst riding Rosie. Share your horse power and keep us in the saddle.
Love Jade and Rosie x
Recent CommentsOur Team
Let us help you build a better workforce.
The team at NexTech Academy is here to help you close the trade skills gap and grow your workforce. Our team of coaches, instructional designers, business leaders and training professionals have decades of experience in the industry and a passion for helping businesses just like yours succeed.
Amanda Yang
NexTech Academy Manager
Jeff Atwell
NexTech Coach
Joe DeLong
NexTech Coach
Corinne Hall
NexTech CoachBare sport has a daredevil image and brings a real adrenaline rush, but I also see it as an extremely technical sport, more like figure skating or gymnastics. It’s about understanding optimal body position and implementing precise movement, which begins with focus and mental discipline. With so little surface area on the water, the boat speed needs to be a bit faster and the balance point is more critical and less forgiving. But good technique will have you solid as standing on land, with minimal falls. In the 38 years since I learned to barefoot, I have studied and dissected the sport from every angle. My suggestions for getting started with the right equipment and good body position will have you ’footing with less trial, fewer errors and quicker success.
NOT BY TRIAL AND ERROR
I learned to barefoot by stepping off a ski on a stretchy 70-foot waterski line and with no instruction. That’s the hard way. It’s always best to have professional coaching or find someone with barefooting experience to help you.
WELL EQUIPPED
You will need some specialized equipment, including a snug-fitting barefoot wetsuit, a barefoot tow line and, ideally, a boom. A barefoot wetsuit features flotation in the chest, seat and crotch areas to make gliding on the water easier. The padding also helps cushion falls. A non-stretch or low-stretch 90-foot line will provide a consistent pull, instead of the jerky feeling that a traditional waterski line gives. Lines come with 10- and 20-foot takeoff loops. I like a shorter line, but you may need a longer one depending on your boat’s wake. Attaching the line to a wakeboard tower provides the ’footer with an upward pull, and that will make barefooting on the line easier. To dramatically reduce the learning curve, get a barefoot boom or find someone who has one. Booms are typically seen on dedicated ski boats, but they are also manufactured to affix to wakeboard towers and to fit recreational boats. A barefoot boom is a stationary aluminum bar that extends off the side of the boat’s gunwale about 8 feet. You hold on to the bar, which is much more stable than a line with a handle. The boom is safe, the water is smooth and your coach is just a few feet away. You can step off a ski to barefoot while holding the boom, but it is less complicated to start stretched out on either your stomach or back. From your back, your legs and feet are stretched out in front of you. From your stomach, you have to bring your legs and feet in front of you once the boat is on plane. Either way, you plant both feet on the water at the same time to place yourself in barefoot What a Feet Follow this bevy of tips to get yourself barefooting this summer. By Zenon Bilas, 7-time USA national barefoot waterski champion 12 • April 2015 BoatingWorld.com position. You can plant both feet on the water by riding on a kneeboard in a sitting position with your feet placed slightly in front of the board.
BODY POSITION – NOT WHAT YOU THINK
Everyone thinks that to barefoot you need to curl your toes and drive your heels in front of you, thinking that doing so is “safe.” Actually, that position will cause falls and limit your progress. Imagine your knees bent with your feet under them, gliding over the water instead of resisting the water with your heels. Think about sitting in a chair. At fi rst, stay low and keep your knees fairly well bent. As you improve, you can raise up to a higher chair position. Your legs should be parallel to each other, slightly narrower than shoulder width, a stance that allows you to distribute your body weight over your feet evenly and effectively. When your position is correct, there will be little or no spray to the front or side. If your feet and legs are covered with spray, you are not in the correct position. The correct stance will allow you to learn basic tricks such as one-foots and wake crossings, and graduate to more advanced tricks such as back barefooting and front-to-back and back-to-front turns.
NOT SO FAST
Some ’footers like more speed, but you can do it slower than you think. A great formula to remember is to take your weight, divide by 10 and add 20. At 160 pounds, my speed behind the boat would be 36 mph. When you are learning on the boom, you can reduce your speed by 5 or 6 mph. Most men I teach on the boom learn at 30 mph, and most women, teens and kids learn at about 25 to 30 mph. To this day, I still work on my body position, both forward and backward, by dropping the boat speed to 25 mph. This exercise forces me into a position that supports my weight most effectively — and shows that you don’t have to go that fast to barefoot.
By Zenon Bilas, 7-time USA national barefoot waterski champion
One comment
We have contests to see how slow we can barefoot…got down to about 19mphforcebolt
Force Bolt
Business Services, United States.
Category: Web
About Force.
We can turn your business ideas to ever higher standards of excellence and innovation for transforming the very core of your business.Assaults & Acts of Violence
Sexual Assaults
There is very little that is more personally violating than being a victim of sexual assault. Besides the physical injuries that often result, there are often emotional scars that can last for many years, if not for a lifetime. A number of victims internalize emotional injuries and have no idea where to turn.
Sexual assault means any nonconsensual sexual act. Rape and sexual assault are rarely about passion, rather they are about someone gaining control over their victim. Victims should know it is never their fault if they were sexually assaulted or raped and none of their actions caused a person to assault them.
Obviously, Texans who are victims of a violent crime such as sexual assault can receive some measure of justice through criminal prosecution; however, many victims of these crimes are often completely unaware that they may find a further measure of justice through the civil court system.
Filing a civil lawsuit for sexual assault injuries allows victims to not only bring a lawsuit against their attackers directly, but also against any other parties that may have caused or contributed to the assault. For example, if the assault occurs on another’s property, it may be possible to establish premises liability. According to the laws in Texas, property owners have a legal duty to take reasonable precautions to prevent crime on the premises, like providing gates and locks, security personnel, bright lights in certain areas, or even surveillance cameras. If the owners of the property were negligent in failing to provide proper security for their property, they can be held accountable for the resulting damages.
The right attorney can look at the facts, determine who may have been negligent, and use this information to fight for the maximum amount possible to try and alleviate injuries, financial loss, and mental suffering. These civil suits can be brought no matter what the outcome was in the criminal case. The burden of proof is lower in a civil case as well, so this may help bring some measure of justice to a victim if the criminal case was unsuccessful. Additionally, in some instances, the spouse of the assaulted party may also file a civil suit as well for their loss of sexual intimacy, fear, and resentment caused by the attack on their spouse.
Unfortunately, after many years of representing sexual assault victims, we have found that perpetrators tend to be repeat offenders, often because victims are reluctant to go to court. While no amount of compensation can make everything right or erase the damage to a sexual assault victim, it can help them regain control of their life, including providing them with the money they need to pay for items such as medical bills, ongoing counseling to help them with the healing process, and lost wages. Also, the knowledge that they can possibly find some measure of justice in civil courts will often give them more courage to break their silence and bring these criminals to justice, thus preventing perpetrators from hurting anyone else., as there may be other previous crimes perpetrated on the premises. While it may be painful to relive the experience, working with an attorney to fight for justice can be an important part of the healing process.
Houston Sexual Assault Attorneys
If you or a loved one has been the victim of a sexual assault, it should be reported as soon as possible to ensure the criminal process goes to work and prevents someone else from being attacked. The experienced Houston sexual assault attorneys at Adame Garza LLP can look over the circumstances surrounding your claims and advise you on the best way to proceed with a possible civil case, so that you can be compensated for your injuries, as well as your pain and suffering. Contact us today for a free consultation.Explore CAAMA
CAAMA Filter
Click filter name to remove
- Clear All
- National Museum of African American History and Culture only
- online-visual-material: true
- place: "Pennsylvania"
- name:"Karsh, Yousuf"
- on view:"Yes"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Photography"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Film and Video"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Audio Recordings"
- date: "1960s"
- unit-code: ("NMAAHC")Graduation Application Available for December 2021
Students are eligible to apply to graduate at the end of the semester.
Students are eligible to apply to graduate at the end of the semester.
Visit to apply online! Deadline to apply is October 31. Contact foundation@lssc.edu or (352) 365-3518 with any questions.
Weekly meeting open to all students
Join LSSC’s Virtual Ask Us Anything via Zoom for quick assistance with a wide variety of topics – including course registration, SOAR/Orientation, career services, financial aid, academic advising, student accessibility, tuition/fee…
CDS Department Meeting
LGBTQ+ weekly club meeting
The Annual Distinguished Alumni & Hall of Fame Awards is an awards banquet honoring LSSC alumni making a difference in the local community and current or former LSSC faculty and…
National Society for Leadership and Success (NSLS) Telecast.High pressure will bring sunshine Sunday morning, then some clouds will arrive during the afternoon with high temperatures near 60 degrees. The hills of northwestern and northeastern Connecticut will remain cooler with highs in the mid-50s. A warm front will be advancing toward the region overnight causing mostly cloudy skies and showers. There could be a couple of lingering showers on Monday, but much of the day could end up being dry. As a storm system approaches the region Monday night more rain will develop and it could be heavy at times through Tuesday.
— Gary LessorPentel Energel Click 0.7mm Roller Gel Pen (Black)
Retractable Roller Gel Pen Super Fast Drying 0.7 mm Refill Made in Japan Possesses the superior qualities associated with EnerGel ink, Super-smooth,Quick drying Contains 62% recycled material
Exclusive Fountain Pen Smooth tip
Classic Smooth Writing Pen Length: 140 mm; Nib : Iridium Fine Pen weight: 15g; Diameter: 13.5mm; Cap: Push Type Ink: compatible with bottled ink only...
Metal refill with screw thread for "CROSS" format ballpoint pens. Writing colour blue. Medium (M) line width. Waterproof according to ink standard ISO 12757-2. Wear-resistant stainless steel tip guarantees that the ink supply can be fully used and does not smear.
0.5mm Extra Fine Tip Unique 3 Dimple tip technology from japan for precise writing Pure Liquid ink for Smooth Skip Free Writing Patented ATT System to ensure instant start every time Unique see through ink reservoir visually indicates ink level Refillable with cartridge
The World-famous pen, Super long lasting ink, Smooth writing to the last drop of ink. Stainless Steel Tip 1.0mm tungsten carbide ball,0.65mm Line Plastic(PP) barrel Pigment ink Waterproof Uni-flow system
Unique 3 dimple tip technology from Japan for Smooth, uniform and precision writing. New ATT(Air-tight and tough) system ensures instant writing start every time. See through ink reservoir visually indicates remaining ink 0.5 mm Extra Fine Tip
Ball point pen with ergonomically rubberised grip zone Replaceable refill express 775m with stainless steel tip waterproof Ink according to ink standard iso 12757-2 replaceable with any of the other plug+play refills,agreeably smooth writing
Octane gel pen Japanese water proof ink. Stylishly sculpted design. Textured grip for super grasp Perfect pen for examsDina Strasser, who writes the terrific blog The Line, is live blogging the ASCD conference. When she asked for burning questions, I existentially whimpered, “Does research really matter?” - and Dina has the answer here.
The opinions expressed in eduwonkette are strictly those of the author(s) and do not reflect the opinions or endorsement of Editorial Projects in Education, or any of its publications.Etika Sdn Bhd has brought into Malaysia two new RTD teas – Lipton Matcha Yuzu Lime and Lipton Matcha Ginger & Lemongrass. Lipton Matcha Yuzu Lime contains 3.5g of sugar per 100ml, which is 52% lower in sugar compared to Lipton Lemon Flavoured Green Tea Drink.
Both RTD teas have already been launched in countries like Greece, Slovakia, Netherlands and Poland.There is no point in buying skip bin when you can simply hire one. Buying skip bin can cost you a lot of money. Instead of buying, why not simply hire one today and it will turn out to be one of the best decisions ever. All you need to do is to look for a reliable outlet where you can easily hire the skip bin. There are so many outlets that claim to be reliable for top quality skip bins out there today, but it is unfortunate that only very few of them can be trusted for top quality skip bin hire service. If you do not want to get it wrong, then you should get in touch with All Over Bins and the outlet will meet your needs perfectly. With the help of this outlet you will not have any challenge when hiring skip bin hire in Melbourne.
Check below for some of the many features that make this outlet one of the best places to visit for those who want to hire skip bins in Melbourne.
There is something for everyone
Do you gave a lot of waste and you want to manage it appropriately? Then a skip bin is one of the best items you need for that. If you reside in Melbourne, you can simply connect with All Over Bins to get the right skip bin just for you and the outlet will surely never disappoint you. The amount of waste you want to manage can determine the size of the skip bin to go for. This outlet offers different types of skip bins to meet the needs of individual renters. If you only need skip bin for a small quantity of waste, you can go for the 2.5m3 of skip bin on this platform. You can also contact this outlet for skip bin hire in Melbourne if you need 4m3 flat skip bin. Those who need 6m3 flat bin are also welcome here, as well as, those who need 8m3 flat bin. So, there are different sizes of skip bin to meet individual needs perfectly on this site and you will surely never be disappointed at this outlet at all.
Top quality customer service
The quality of the customer service offered here is incomparable. So, it will not be difficult at all for you to get what you want when you shop here for skip bins. You can get in touch with the customer care agents via several methods also. They will respond to you very fast irrespective of the method via which you communicate with them. All you need to do is to connect with them today to start enjoying the great services that they have to offer. If any other outlet had ever disappointed you, you can rest assured that this outlet will always be there to meet your needs for skip bins.Bugatti Royale Coupé NapoléonYour model is disabled. For more details go to Edit properties3D Model
Your model is disabled. For more details go to Edit properties
377
377 Views
4Like
Triangles: 1.3M
Vertices: 645.9kMore model information
The Bugatti Royale Coupé Napoléon Type 41 originates from the year 1933 designed by Jean Bugatti in France. Its nickname would be fiacre which means chariot in French. There are six designs in the Type 41 series. Currently the most famous version would be on display in Cité de l’automobile, Mulhouse.
The Bugatti Royale Coupé Napoléon car is first completely build in Maya NURBS and later converted to polygons for VFX rendering and riging purposes.Through Recent Technological Advancements, Defrag Software Takes “Automatic” To a Whole New Level.
Over the years, lots of promises have been made about developing a truly automatic piece of software that does its job with virtually no supervision or input from the user. Up to now, the word “automatic” was really code for “reduced” user input and supervision — especially where servers and networks are involved. However, for defrag software, all of this has now changed, and for the first time ever, the word “automatic” may actually mean what it says.
It’s only natural for IT professionals and system administrators to be cautious when it comes to introducing new software into their systems…and rightfully so. For many of them, keeping the network up and running smoothly with minimal problems is their number one concern., not interfere with system resources — even when resource demand is at its absolute highest. There should not”.
Contact: Colleen Toumayan
, een groot Georgiaans huis in Harrow on the Hill, en er stichtte een kleine school.
Her pupils were mainly her own children and the children of masters of Harrow School. To this day, de school nog steeds nummers onder haar leerlingen Harrow meesters’ kinderen.
De school floreerde en, zoals mevrouw Voorafgaande ouder, four of her daughters took over its organisation. The youngest, Florence (bekend als Miss Flo), retired in 1932. The school was fortunate enough to pass into the capable hands of Miss Nicholson (bekend als Miss Nick), who was its head until she died more than 30 jaar later.
For some years the school was run by Mrs Eleanor Elgood, followed by Mrs Jean Vernon. Then, in 1982, Mevrouw Averil Collins werd hoofd, een post hield ze voor, haar huidige woning.
Mrs Alison Isaacs became its new Head in 2006. Under her leadership, the school continued to flourish, het behoud van de tradities van het verleden, terwijl omarmen van nieuwe ontwikkelingen en vooruitkijken naar de toekom Huis
25 Midden Road
Harrow on the Hill
Middlesex
HA2 0HW
+44 (0)208 422 2092HIMALAYAN REFRIGERATION PARTS & SUPPLY316 Dasmarinas Street, Binondo, ManilaTelephone No. 491-6339 Cell: 0921-5855009
Your one stop friendly store.
Honesty and Reliability.
Everything you need in one roof.
Since they purchase their products in bulk quantities, you will find their prices are very competitive and reliable. It's been always a pleasure to buy from them. That is why I can highly recommend them to you.
Please come and check it out!
Return to Home Page
Return to Air Conditioner
Return from Himalayan to Refrigerator
Private Policy
SBI!Garmin Dash Cam
Dash Cam is a high-definition camera that mounts to any vehicle’s windscreen. It continuously records a wide-angle view of the road while driving. Once installed, the camera remains fully automated and it will start recording when the engine is turned on and stop when it is turned off. Dash Cam has incident detection that saves footage of collisions and incidents automatically. There are two models – Dash Cam 10 without GPS and Dash Cam 20 with GPS. The rechargeable battery allows a user to use the Snapshot feature to take still images, and even remove the Dash Cam from the vehicle to capture collision damage.
Priced from R2 599 for Dash Cam 10 and R2 999 for Dash Cam 20 from all electronic outlets.
More info
Samsung Galaxy K Zoom
The new Samsung Galaxy K Zoom blends the latest in smartphone technology with a high-definition camera, all in one slim easy-to-carry package. The Galaxy K Zoom features a 4.8” HD screen with a 20.7 MP camera and 10X zoom, along with a xenon flash. The Galaxy K Zoom is fast in every way: fast to take pictures and snappy in general use. As a portable camera it excels even in difficult lighting and as a phone it’s basically a Galaxy S5 with many of the features.
The Samsung Galaxy K Zoom is available from Vodacom and MTN for around R7 999.
For more information go to
Acer Aspire U5600U All in one
Space saving and futuristic, the Acer Aspire U5600U iz the perfect desktop computer. The Acer Aspire U5600U features a 23” full HD 10 point touchscreen. Windows 8.1 is standard along with 4 GB of main memory and 1 TB of hard drive space. Premium construction and an NVidia GeForce GTX video subsystem make this all-in-one a perfect home or office workhorse.
Details and retailers go toOrdering online is an easy to get your order delivered FRESH to your door. We offer FREE delivery on all NORTH Island orders over $50. Shipping to the SOUTH Island is a flat fee of $10.
* Please note we can't deliver to RURAL DELIVERY addresses due to courier surcharges and delays in deliveries. Please contact us to find out more.Substance Abuse Recovery Centers in Heflin, AL
Highland Health Systems Outpatient Satellite
Highland Health Systems Outpatient Satellite is located in Heflin, Alabama - (150 Tompkins Street 36264).
Highland Health Systems Outpatient Satellite accepts Self-Payment or Cash, Medicaid, Private Insurance Covered Treatment for the different programs that it provides, like Individual Drug Counseling, Group Alcohol Therapy, Behavioral and Cognitive Therapy. It provides their services in various environments, including Outpatient Treatment.
The center offers these services for these types of care: Treatment for Psychological Disorders. Finally, the center has a number of individualized programs for clients, including Addiction Treatment for Persons with Co-Occurring Substance Use and Mental Disorders, Court Ordered Outpatient Treatment.
We can help you find the right treatment facility that best fits your overall needs and financial requirements.Sponsored Cycle – Fenagh St Caillins
Our sponsored cycle takes place this Saturday May 21st from Na Fianna Club in Dublin to Fenagh. Sponsor Cards are in circulation at the moment and for anyone outside the club who wishes to take part please contact TP on 0871497924 or email us on secretary.stcaillinsfenagh.Leitrim. We are also having a marathon stationary cycle in Fenagh village from 9am to 7pm on the day so come on out to support the lads. All cyclists doing the big cycle are due in the village at 6pm approx so hopefully we will have a good welcoming party for all our own and all from the Na Fianna Club. A great evening is to be had with music and BBQ and as always your support is greatly appreciated.
U-16 League Champions
Well done to the U 16 Fenagh St Caillins team and trainers Gerry and Tommy on winning the u 16 League title beating St Bridgets in the final on Thursday eve last in Cloone.
Best Wishes
Best wishes to Donal Wrynn who will be lining out for Leitrim on Sunday in their Connacht Champioship match against Roscommon in Pairc Sean.
CPR Revalidations (10 mins)
Takes place this Wednesday May 18th in Fenagh Visitor Centre from 8-10pm.
The Annual 5K / 10K May Walk Run or Roll
In aid of Cancer Research and North West Hospice will take place in Aughnasheelin on Sunday May 29th 2016 commencing at 1 p.m. Your support would be greatly appreciated.
Fenagh Active Age
Our group held their Annual Social on April 12th in Fenagh Community Centre. It was very well attended and enjoyed by all. Music was by Francie Smith. On May 3rd, 14 members attended Drumreilly Social which was enhanced by school children who gave an exhibition of Irish dancing and jive. A great night was had by all. Arrangements are now being made for our annual outing in June..
Table Quiz
Aughawillan Cuilcagh walk Initiative along with Pat Flanagan is running a table quiz in The Viking Lounge, Aughawillan on Friday, May 20th at 10pm. Teams of 4 -€40. Raffle and great craic guaranteed. Contact Pat on (086) 686 2764 for more details.| Press Sample |
Hello there, and a happy Friday to you! It’s been months since I shared anything related to Polish Pickup, but I’m back at it today. As previously mentioned, my reviews won’t be as hefty as they were before. In this case, I have only one product featured this month, from Vapid Wax! Let’s take a look at what Jennifer created for Polish Pickup March, Spring – birds, bees, and butterflies!
>!
Vapid Wax – Sandpiper
Beaches, butterflies & balmy days
Allow me to introduce Sandpiper! Jennifer describes her wax as “drifting across the salty sea air, you get hints of beach grass, musk, sandalwood with juicy plums, freshly picked violets, warm amber, bergamot, and a hint of vanilla”.
While there are quite a few different scent categories going on here, Sandpiper has a very soft, spa-like smell to my nose. On cold sniff, I was able to isolate the floral notes. However, once melted, the aquatic and earthy elements took center stage. Surprisingly though, I did notice that after a few hours, the light floral scent lingered most in the room.
The wax is a light blue and is adorned with pastel holographic butterfly glitters on top.
$5.00 for 2.75 oz | No Cap
Vapid Wax: Shop | Instagram | Facebook | Fan Group
All items will be available from Friday, March 5th, 11 am EST, to Monday, March 8th, 11:59 pm EST from
Polish Pickup: Store | Facebook | Instagram | Facebook Group
Crazy Agate Stone Dangle Earrings - Gold
Item No. CK5-41470039_GOLD_R
LIKE WHAT YOU SAW?View Similar Items
Statement pieces like these dangly earrings will never go out of style. Wear your hair up for the Crazy Agate stone and plexiglass embellishment to take centre stage. Crazy Agate stones are known to bring joy and absorb emotional pain.
- Crazy Agate semi-precious stoneCFP Xmas Closing Dates 2013/14
Hey Guys
The office will be closed from Friday 13th of December until Wednesday 15th of January.
If you do have any urgent matters that need attending, please leave a voice mail on the message bank at the office as this will be checked every few days.
We wish you all a Merry Festive Season.Aviation
Stranded Flight Solutions
A solid client base of more than 30 airlines are benefiting direct or indirectly from the services and vision already. We would like to invite you to visit our website and learn more about our company and what we can do for you.
Socialize with us Socialize with us we cooperate with your suppliers for whom there are no costs to offer their services through our platform.
Stranded Flight Solutions helps you to increase Passenger Loyalty and improve Customer Experience with major Cost Savings during all irregularities.
We invite you to visit our website to learn more about the services.Maintenance Form
Tenant Maintenance Form - Request for Repairs
To request repairs, please call us at 562-810-7900, or fill out the form below and we’ll get back to you shortly.
Emergency Fire/Safety: CALL 911
Fallen electrical lines: Stay away. Call Edison at (800) 655-4555
Water overflowing: Look for small valves under sinks and toilets. Turn off and call GDel Plumbing at (562) 810-7900
Electrical outlets off: Go to electric panel (probably inside your apartment). Flip each breaker off and then back on.
Garbage disposal jammed: Use a 1/4″ Allen key (as we provide to you). At the bottom of the disposal, use the key to rotate until un-jammed. Then press the small breaker button (also located on the bottom of the disposal).Produced by the Office of the Attorney General
Táirgthe ag Oifig an Ard-Aighne
Provisions as to tax charged by way of deduction.
5.—(1) The provisions of the Income Tax Acts which provide that tax may be deducted from any payment at the rate or rates of tax in force during the period through which the payment was accruing due, or that there may be deducted from any dividend the tax appropriate thereto shall have effect as if they provided that tax may be deducted or shall be allowed at the standard rate for the year in which the amount payable becomes due:
Provided that this subsection shall not affect the deduction of tax at a rate less than the standard rate by virtue of
section 363
,
396
or
410
of the
Income Tax Act, 1967
, or
section 14
of the
Finance Act, 1973
.
(2) In estimating under the Income Tax Acts the total income of any person, any income which is chargeable with tax by way of deduction at the standard rate in force for any year shall be deemed to be income of that year, and any deductions which are.
(3) Where a person is required to be assessed and charged with tax in respect of any property, profits or gains out of which he makes any payment in respect of any annual interest, annuity or other annual sum, or any royalty or other sum in respect of the user of a patent, he shall, in respect of so much of the property, profits or gains as is equal to the said payment and may be deducted in computing his total income, be charged at the standard rate only.. If you prefer to give us a call, please call our front desk at (518) 523-4411 and we would be happy to direct your call. We'll be in touch shortly.Reposting this announcement:
19 May 2013
God is calling the Nations from the North, South, East and West to embark on this Prayer Journey with Him. He is moving in His awesome power, and He is challenging us to be part of this journey. It is a journey that is not about us, but about a world in desperate need for His glory and compassionate love.
Believers in many countries of the world will lift expectant praise and desperate prayer with one voice in stadiums, open fields, community centers, private homes and even secret places.
For more information visitCasino GrandBay No Deposit Bonuses
Other Bonuses
Other Promos at Casino GrandBay
Daily Promotions
Casino GrandBay offers match bonuses for deposits made on specific days. On Saturdays, Sundays, and Mondays, get a 150% bonus (Code: HOT150) on 2 deposits for up to $500 in bonus funds. On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, get a 118% (Code: BAY118) or 160% bonus (Code: BAY160) match on your deposited funds, for up to $240 in bonus funds. Thursdays features a 105% bonus match (Code: SUN105) on your deposit, for up to $180.
You can also choose to go for a 110% bonus (Code: SUN110), for up to $300. If you deposit on a Friday, you will be eligible for a 125% match bonus for up to $250 (Code: SKY125). You can also go for a 170% match bonus (Code: SKY170) for up to %150.
Leaderboard Tournaments
Casino GrandBay holds tournaments for a few of their highlighted slots, where punters gain points for every bet and win they garner on the slots. Those at top of the leaderboard at the end of the tournament period stand to win cash prizes, free spins, and other bonuses.
Casino GrandBay Review
Editor’s Quote:
Casino GrandBay features over 250 games from Betsoft, Rival, and Saucify—table game fans tired of being overlooked by online casinos will have a field day here, as there are tons of different table games on deck. Casino GrandBay also supports Bitcoin deposits, and can pay out withdrawal requests within 24 hours for some methods. The casino also features some of the most generous bonuses on the market. Some drawbacks of the casino are its high withdrawal limits and limited options for withdrawals.
Site Design
Casino Grandbay is a cruise-themed online casino inviting you to drop your anchor and enter the bay of golden coins and gambling action. The site design is attractive, but not the most modern and therefore, might appeal to the more retro players. The casino is heavy on words, as apparent by the many links at the bottom banner. Packed with information about their promotions, news updates and links to useful guides, players need to do a bit of hunting around to find what they need.
However responsive and intuitive the site is, we would be remiss not to mention some hiccups when it comes to the game lobby. Some delays were apparent while switching between games, especially when we played on slower connections. While this is a minor concern for most desktop players, it could be a big issue for mobile gaming.
The site is designed adequately, but will not win any beauty contests. If you prefer lots of flash with substance, Casino GrandBay’s visual appeal may not click for you. Check out how it looks for yourself, below:
Safety and Security
Casino GrandBay takes its obligation to safeguard player data seriously, and offers all the protections and assurances we expect from a reputed and licensed online casino today.
In addition to the standard 128-bit encryption that all your personal data undergoes when handled by the Casino GrandBay site, none of your data will ever be sold or rented to third-parties without your express consent. Furthermore, all financial transactions are conducted directly with your banking method’s payment page, which means Casino GrandBay will never have access to any of your financial details.
Another safety feature of Casino GrandBay is its strict implementation of Responsible Gambling guidelines that protect vulnerable punters from themselves. If you ever think that you’re no longer having fun gambling but cannot stop, simply drop a line to Casino GrandBay’s Customer Support team so they can lay out the options that work best for you. Some of these options include: smaller bet limits, periodic stop-loss amounts, account freezes, and self-exclusion.
Casino GrandBay Games Selection
Casino GrandBay boasts a selection of roughly 250 games, much of them slots.
All of their games are powered by three vendors:
While Betsoft is an established name in the casino game scene, Rival and Saucify can be considered upstarts. These two smaller game developers may not have the same cache or reputation as more established vendors, but the games they offer via Casino GrandBay are actually our favorites in the list.
We suggest trying out a few of their games to get a feel for their style—in our experience, their games are usually a good mix of simple and fun.
These are some of the most popular games right now at Casino GrandBay:
- Hercules: The 12 Labours
- Upper Crust Abbey
- Big British Bake
- Football Fever
- Good Girl Bad Girl
Headline Slots at King’s Chance Casino
Pina Nevada
Pina Nevada, a slot developed by Saucify, is one of our top slot picks among Casino GrandBay’s game library. Centered on a theme of cocktails sitting by a pool or a beach, playing the game evokes a fun vacation time from the comfort of your own home. Pina Nevada features classic 3-reel slot action that is just the right kind of simplicity for players who want to relax and not think too much. The game is one of the best we can recommend for chill, low-key gameplay that doesn’t skimp on fun or excitement.
Peek Physique
Another Casino GrandBay offering that caught our eye was another Saucify offering, Peek Physique. Similar to Pina Nevada, Peek Physique is a simple, easy to pick up game based around the theme of health and fitness. With 50 win lines and a free spins bonus round that packs a lot of value for lucky punters, the game offers decent odds to score a decent payday. As many of us are unable to go to gyms or conduct outside activities regularly, we found Peek Physique to be a fun, cheeky diversion that doesn’t tax the mind too much.
Casino GrandBay Mobile Casino – Compatible with iOS and Android Devices
Playing at Casino GrandBay Mobile Casino follows the same steps you take to play at the desktop version of the casino. It is a very simple process. Just click on the “Sign Up” button on the home page, fill in the required details, and verify your account. You may choose to play for fun, or deposit real cash to start you on your path to winning.
- Android
- Blackberry
- iOS
- Windows Mobile
How to Sign Up and Claim the Bonus at Casino GrandBay
Casino GrandBay currently has no exclusive bonuses on offer.
Casino GrandBay Loyalty/VIP Program
Their loyalty points system works in the following way: Players gain loyalty points for each wager made with real money. For every $10 you bet on slots, three card poker, craps, Keno, and roulette, you earn 1 loyalty point. The figure is $25 for Baccarat, $50 for other video poker varieties, and $100 on Blackjack.
You can use the points to rise up the ranks of their Loyalty Program, as well as currency to purchase more benefits, free spins, and bonuses from Casino GrandBay.
Progressive Jackpots at Casino GrandBay
Casino GrandBay does not offer much for progressive jackpot fiends. While you can search for slots with jackpots in the game lobby, the results are a bit boring, especially in terms of the jackpots available on the market today.
Casino GrandBay Banking: Deposits and Withdrawals
Unfortunately, Casino GrandBay is lacking in terms of banking options. Although other online casinos offer much more in the way of options, the methods available to Casino GrandBay players are adequate enough for most players.
We found depositing to Casino GrandBay much easier than withdrawing due to the availability of different methods for deposits. Withdrawals are processed with only a few methods, some of which involve a heavy fee and long waiting times.
Here are the available banking options right now at the online casino:
There appears to be no set minimum deposit for Casino GrandBay, although if you want to claim their generous promotions, most require depositing at least $20. Consequently, we suggest depositing at least that much to open up a whole new level for your experience at the site.
No fees are levied on deposits, and most have instant transaction times.
Withdrawals at Casino GrandBay have a high minimum amount of $150, and are paid out on Mondays and Thursdays. While payments issued over Skrill and Neteller are free, we cannot help but notice the relatively large fees of €20 to €30 for checks and wire transfers. If a player were to withdraw just the minimum, this amount would represent a substantial chunk of their winnings.
Furthermore, checks and wire transfers come with a 10-15 business day waiting period, which we think is a bit excessive.
If you are unable to withdraw via Skrill or Neteller, you will have to keep an eye on your funds to make sure you are not losing out on the fees.
Skrill and Neteller withdrawals are quite convenient for most. Casino GrandBay often pays out quickly through these methods, with some receiving their funds in 24 hours from their request.
As is standard, be ready to submit documents that attest to your identity or place of residence before putting in your first withdrawal request. You will have to pass Casino GrandBay’s verification procedures before your request is paid out. Prepare copies and scans of pertinent documents, such as your driver’s license or passport, as well as recent bank or utility statements.
Casino GrandBay Service and Support
Here’s how you contact Casino GrandBay’s Customer Support team:
Telephone: +1 800 253 5048
Live Chat: Click on the “Live Chat” option on the sidebar at the left side of their site. You may also click on the Customer Support Agent icon on the bottom-right.Arsenal reject £30m Aston Villa bid for Smith Rowe as Premier League rivals make second attempt to sign winger
Arsenal have rejected a second offer from Aston Villa for Emile Smith Rowe.
The Gunners knocked back an initial bid of £25 million ($35m) from Villa for their young playmaker two weeks ago and made it clear that he was not for sale.
Tthat stance has not put off the midlands outfit, who have now returned with an improved offer for the 20-year-old.
How much was the bid?
Villa upped their initial offer for Smith Rowe by £5m ($7m), submitting an official bid of £30m ($42m) for the England Under-21s international.
Arsenal rejected it out of hand once again, reiterating their stance that the player is not for sale.
The academy product has two years left on his contract at Arsenal and talks are taking place to try and extend that deal.
What will happen next?
It is currently unclear whether Villa will return with a third bid for Smith Rowe.
Arsenal remain hopeful that contract talks will soon reach a successful conclusion and he will commit his long-term future to the club, but until the contract is signed, interested clubs will continue to believe there is an opportunity to prize the young attacker away from Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal’s new head of football operations Richard Garlick is leading the contract negotiations, with a five-year deal believed to be being discussed.The Quotations Game
Inspiring one-liners and challenging questions
The aim of this game is to playfully open up discussion between people concerning their personal views on subjects such as ‘communication’, ‘change’, or ‘leadership’. With the help of provocative questions, this game also encourages you to link these subjects to your own personal experience.
More information
Explanation
The Quotations Game consists of 140 cards. On the face side of the cards is a quotation and on the back is a question which is linked to it. Of course you are free to use either the quotation or the question cards.
The quotations are divided over six themes:
- leadership
- communication
- giving meaning
- change
- personal development, and
- relationships.
Some quotations could also be placed in another category. In each theme there are 20-25 cards plus a card without a quotation or a question in case any additions need to be made.
Possibilities for application:
- Becoming acquainted in all sorts of groups
- Making specific themes open to discussion
- Supplying mutual feedback
Specifications
- Boxed game with 140 coloured cards and instructions for five methods of play
- Authors: Peter Gerrickens, Marijke Verstege, Judith Kunen and Gerben Willemse
- Price: € 39,00 (+ 21%VAT + Post & Packing)
- No separate Manual available.
Other Languages
Order in the webshop - on the Dutch part of this site - only for order and delivery in the Netherlands:
Visit website for more information:
- Swedish:Contact An Agent
WI > Adams > Wisconsin Dells > 2504 River Rd 7307
Property Description for 2504 River Rd 7307, Wisconsin Dells, WI 53965
Welcome to the Chula Vista Golf Villas! This beautiful lofted two bedroom villa is located on the third floor and overlooks the 10th green of Cold Water Golf Course. Enjoy the full kitchen boasting granite countertops and stainless steel appliances. Watch the sunset from your private balcony!: 735
- Finished Above Ground Square Feet: 735
- Waterfront:
- Building: Chula Vista Condominiums
- County: Adams
- Elementary School: Spring Hill
- Middle School: Wis Dells
- High School: Wisconsin Dells
- Property Type: Condominiums
- Estimated Age: 2006
- Parking: Outside only
- Condo Fee: $440
- Basement: None
- Style: Garden (apartment style)
- MLS #: 1916630
- Taxes: $2,532
- Master Bedroom: 16x14
- Bedroom #2: 14x11
- Kitchen: 10x8
- Living/Grt Rm: 12x8
Similar Properties
MLS# 1918467 | Sold Oct 14, 2021
MLS# 1918189 | Sold Oct 11, 2021
MLS# 1917160 | Sold Sep 13, 2021 Biopsy
COVID-19 Info: Vaccines (5 & up) | Boosters | Testing | Visitor Guidelines | Stats | More
IMPORTANT NOTICE: COVID-19 testing appointments are not available at Cone Health emergency departments or urgent care locations. Click here for testing options.
A lung biopsy removes a small piece of lung tissue that can be looked at under a microscope. The biopsy can be done in several ways. The method used depends on where the sample will be taken from and your overall health. Methods are:.
VATS uses a scope (called a thoracoscope) passed through a small incision in the chest to remove a sample of lung tissue.
A lung biopsy is done to:.
The local anesthetic used in your mouth or nose generally tastes bitter and may make it hard to swallow.
When you are given the shot to numb your skin at the needle biopsy site, you will feel a sharp stinging or burning that lasts a few seconds. When the needle is inserted into the chest, you will again feel a sharp pain for a few seconds.
The sedative will make you feel sleepy and relaxed. If you are given general anesthetic, you will be asleep during the biopsy. results are usually available in 2 to 4 working days. It may take several weeks to get results from tissue samples that are being tested for certain infections, such as tuberculosis. (such as surgery, radiation, or chemotherapy).
Current as of:
July 6, 2021
Author: Healthwise StaffMedical Review: Adam Husney MD - Family MedicineE. Gregory Thompson MD - Internal MedicineDavid C. Stuesse MD - Cardiac and Thoracic Surgery
Next Section:
Previous Section:
Current as of: July 6, 2021Returning to Valdemar with Mercedes Lackey and Larry Dixon
BUILDING a BETTER WORLD:
2021 Fundraiser for Heifer International!
In this interview, Mercedes Lackey and her husband & collaborator Larry Dixon talk about their creative processes and what it’s like to have built such an amazing world.Have you heard? Mercedes Lackey has released a new Valdemar novel, “Beyond”, which is set before the kingdom was created. With over 3000 years of in-world history and over 140 books, the Valdemar stories are some of the most beloved in fantasy. One trilogy, “The Last Herald-Mage”, has been optioned for a TV show. In this interview, Mercedes Lackey and her husband & collaborator Larry Dixon talk about their creative processes and what it’s like to have built such an amazing world.
You can also find exclusive Valdemar-themed stickers and window clings in the Worldbuilders Market – with more products on the way!
Gray: It is my great pleasure as the executive director of Worldbuilders, to talk with Mercedes Lackey and Larry Dixon here, I’ll let everyone guess which one is which. Worldbuilders has been a good friend with Larry for a while now. And I think this is the first time that Misty has been on our particular airwaves. Airwaves, we don’t have airwaves anymore, do we? We have fiber now. Um, yeah,
Misty: I don’t heckle, I don’t heckle Patrick when he’s on Twitch, so there you go.
Gray: Wow. You are nicer than I am. That…
Misty: I’m nicer than Larry.
Larry: I’m the designated heckler.
Gray: Part of the reason why I really wanted to get both of you on here and talking is because, as of the time of this recording, tomorrow, Misty, you’re coming out with a new book, The Beyond. And, this is a return to Valdemar, which I was just reading in your FAQ that, there was a question there. Somebody said, “Well, are you still gonna write them?”, and you’re like, “No, I think that’s about done”, but yet here you are. And believe me, people are happy about this. I mean, your whole spectrum of Valdemar, that goes over 3000 years of history there.
Misty: Yeah, there’s a lot.
Gray: I mean, that’s… And you didn’t do it like cheap and do it in one book like Tolkien did. I mean you, what, 47 books, is that right? Forty…?
Misty: Uh, it’s somewhere in the high forties for the Valdemar books.
Gray: There’s a lot of questions that you could ask about this. I think maybe the one that I kind of want to know is, when you started writing that first book, did you have any idea that, that you would, you know, that it was going to be this far expanding and that you would go this far into it?
Misty: I actually planned from the beginning that I could expand it for as long as I cared to keep writing it. It means what I did was I started small and I did like a nautilus. I just kept making one chamber at a time and let it expand that way.
Larry: As a writer, she’s a mollusk.
Misty: I am.
Gray: That is so much better than, uh, it feels like if you could make it grow and make it go one chamber at a time, that does give it room to change as well as opposed to being held in.
Misty: Yeah. And the expansion is both in place, in geographic place and in time. So I planted in some stuff that I could come back to later, and whether it was a reference to a creature that is not often seen in the current setting, or if it’s a reference to something in legend. But that’s what I did. I would plan a few things, but I would concentrate on the chamber that I was in at the time, making it all pretty and polished and pearly and stuff.
Gray: Were there any particular chambers that, surprised you or startled you or sort of took off with a mind of their own?
Misty: Well, not so much chambers as characters. Characters sometimes do that.
Larry: Firesong.
Misty: Yeah. Firesong was just supposed to be a walk on.
Gray: Oops.
Misty: Here. I am delivering the whatever it is, the MacGuffin, and I will be on my way. Wrong.
Larry: Yeah. He wound up going, ‘I’m too fabulous for this one appearance’, but he’s been in like nine books, I think?
Misty: Yeah, something like that.
Gray: Ah, you know, well, when a character becomes a ham, what are you going to do, right?
Larry: He totally is, oh yeah. But he’s been a great experience in character development too. He went from being a very self-centered glam rocker to really
Misty: Being Bruce Springsteen.
Larry: Bruce, yeah, Springsteen.
Gray: The alternate states with Bruce Springsteen that hangs out with presidents and things like that?
Misty: Yeah.
Larry: Yeah. Springsteen, man, you could do worse.
Misty: He started out as the, as a…
Larry: Cheap Bowie?
Misty: I think more like The Edge.
Larry: Oh, okay. That’s fair.
Misty: Or maybe uh… glamrock, I’m trying to think of some glam rockers.
Larry: Alice Cooper.
Misty: Oh no. Flock of seagulls. He started out as all three of the Flock of Seagulls.
Larry: Ok, yeah, he was pretty “flocking” good.
Misty: Yeah, and he had the hair.
Larry: That’s so true.
Misty: So, yeah, he started out as Flock of Seagulls and ended up being Bruce Springsteen.
Larry: Just for the official record, that’s not all his hair. He does do weaves, so…
Gray: Well, now it’s cannon. One of the questions that, someone brought up in the chat on Discord was that, fantasy books that have been published, you know, relatively recently, and you know, our founder is guilty of this as many are, they just are these giant tomes. You know, gigantic books. Whereas, you know, when I was first starting to read paperbacks, you know, you could get a paperback, you can actually fit it in your back pocket. You know, things like that. As you’ve seen this tendency towards these giant tomes become the norm, as opposed to the rare occasion, do you think that has an effect on storytelling or why are people deciding to pack it all into one big book instead of several smaller ones?
Misty: It’s no longer the norm. Editors are pushing back on that and they’re cutting you off at… if it’s your first book, they’re going to cut you off at about 125, 150.
Larry: Thousand words.
Misty: Thousand words.
Gray: Yeah.
Misty: And editors, editors, and publishers are both pushing back on that hard.
Gray: So are they thinking it’s a, was a mistake or what is the reasoning behind that?
Misty: Well, it, for one thing it takes authors a whole hell of a lot longer to finish the damn things.
Larry: And mechanically speaking, it’s expensive to print a very thick book.
Misty: Yeah, they have to, if you go over 200,000, you either have to consider shrinking the print, or you have to take… now, this is for paperback. Hardbacks, it’s not so much the case becuase you’ve got simply more real estate to work with been a hard back and same goes for a trade paperback. But in a paperback, if you go over 200,000 words, you have to look at either shrinking the typeface, which makes it hard for people to read or you have to rent time on a special machine at the bindery that can take the extra signatures and that that machine is always running. So that can impact your publishing schedule too.
Larry: Yeah. Signature binder is a lot like a super computer used to be. You rent time slices on it.
Misty: Yeah.
Gray: Ah.
Larry: It’s very special. And, you know, that’s funny that that would come up because that’s part of the, part of the secret, if you will, for success, as a writer. In our case, we’ve researched every element of producing a book, including the type setting and the binding and everything else. And we’re very fortunate when we’re at a trade show or something, and we can meet the typesetters and tell them they did well. And they’re just like, “Nobody thinks of us.” And we’re like, No, thank you. Yes. And, uh, and we get to nerd out over kerning. “Ah, your descenders!” Anyway. Um, okay. I’ll speak for myself. I won’t say we on this.
Misty: Alright.
Larry: I think that what we write is serial pulp fiction. It’s just that our episodes come in a full book form. And it takes three books to tell the whole story. Now we could save them all up and make one giant fat book, but we don’t want to keep readers hanging that long.
Misty: I just don’t want to have to sit there and look at that same book for that long.
Larry: Yeah, variety is pretty important.
Misty: I don’t.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: That’s one reason why I write as many different things as I do is because I need a break from stuff.
Gray: Now that’s, that’s an interesting question with that. I mean, cause you do it, it’s just astonishing. I was going through your bibliography before this I’m just like, I thought I had a good idea of how much you written. I was wrong. I get…
Misty: I’m pushing around about 142 books right now.
Gray: I mean, it is amazing, and… Is there, like, I have a couple of questions about this. The first one is, is there one that like, is there a genre or a type of book that you’re like, oh boy, I have to write this book. This is going to be hard, and this is going to be difficult, so I’m going to write this other book first because it’ll be a rest. Or I just got done writing this really hard book, so now I get to write this fun book, cause this is the one I like. Is there any kind of like difference in that or are they all about the same?
Misty: Actually, since I’m generally working on four books at the same time at any one time, I kind of get that kind of rest period between books doing that.
Larry: Speaking as a designer, I found that when I would start to bog on a project, it wasn’t that I necessarily needed a rest, it’s that I needed a change in mindset. So I was able to be very productive in the studio by having a dozen projects, one laid out per table. And when I started to bog on one, I’d take a moment, get myself a beverage, shift to another table. And that’s kind of how Misty and I work together is, we’ll have, you know, some books that are romps. There are some that are very serious. There are some that have heavy continuity and we’re able to divide what we enjoy doing. Certainly with the Valdemar stuff, I wind up being a continuity checker, and then I can, you know, Misty will sometimes ask me, “And who was the cousin of so-and-so?”, And I like, “Oh, I’ll get you that they had a…”
Misty: Yeah. And then we go to the fan wiki.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Yeah.
Larry: That’s a treat, I’ll tell you guys right now that having fans…
Misty: Thank you, thank you, fans.
Larry: Yes, having fans that document everything that we’ve ever done is the best thing in the world.
Misty: Yeah.
Gray: How bad or good an idea is it to write a novel, such as say, Mage Wars, with your partner?
Misty: Oh, it depends upon what kind of relationship you’ve got with your partner.
Larry: Yes, I fear her, so…
Misty: This is the way it should be. Basically, it’s either going to make your relationship better or much, much worse. There’s a lot of reasons for this. The primary one really is that somebody has got to be the boss.
Larry: Mhm.
Misty: And if you don’t with agree, from the beginning who is going to be the boss, it’s going to be a knockdown drag out and you’re going to give up in disgust. There is also something that goes along with being the spouse of a writer, which goes along with always being the spouse of a writer, especially in a genre like science fiction and fantasy, where you’re doing a lot of conventions and a lot of public work. Generally, somebody ends up staying home, taking care of the pets and or kids. And the other one goes to the convention and gets all kinds of fan adulation. And…
Larry: I know. Seventh book divorce?
Misty: No, third book divorce.
Larry: Third, right.
Misty: If you become really popular really quickly, it’s third book divorce.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: If you’re building to it, it’s generally fifth. The temptations are there and not to be sexist or anything, there are more temptations for a male writer than there are for a female writer. Uh, but nevertheless, besides those, those obvious temptations, there is a inobvious one of you go there and you get all these, all this adulation and you come home and you’re all full of the stories about how everyone said you were wonderful and there’s this at-home spouse just seething.
Larry: Yeah. It’s like, well, why am I not getting this kind of attention?
Misty: You spent the whole… You got to go to a wagyu steak house and you were fed a hundred dollar meal by a publisher. And… you got, your autograph line was three hours long, and everybody told you how fucking wonderful you are and you can’t even pick up your fucking own fucking spot. Yeah.
Larry: It takes a very special blend for a married couple or a partnership to work creatively.
Misty: L. Sprague and, uh, and Catherine had it.
Larry: Oh yeah, the de Camps.
Misty: The de Camps had it, absolutely.
Larry: There aren’t a lot of…
Misty: um, the Whelans have it. Um, let’s see, who else do I know? Oh, Katherine Kurtz and her husband have it.
Larry: Yeah, and they’ve got a family.
Misty: Absolutely solid. It takes a very special, especially if it’s a female, that is the more prominent name rather than the male. And interestingly enough, I am writing about that thing because the current book I’m working on is The Silver Bullets with Annie Oakley. And Annie Oakley was the star and Frank, her husband, Frank, well, he’s certainly a competent shootist himself. More than competent, um, was her cheerleader, her business manager, her protector.All the things that, a high-powered talent needs, Frank was happy to sit back, not be mentioned and do that job for her. And it was a very interesting and unusual relationship, especially for the time.
Larry: Yeah. I remember something that she said, I think I have this right, is that “I know the shot’s going to hit, so I just relax and make a show of it”.
Misty: Sounds like something she might’ve done.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: The ego has got to go. The ego has got to go someplace else.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: The ego just has got to go someplace else. I mean, it’s you can have your five minutes at a time, but after that, get your fucking ass back in the chair and get back to work.
Larry: Yeah. We have a general rule, in fact, I call it rule one. If you want to work with us in any capacity, nobody involved should be a dick.
Misty: Yeah.
Larry: We won’t be a dick to you, don’t be a dick to us.
Misty: We’ll try.
Larry: You know.
Misty: I won’t, I won’t promise anything. Hud and I were yelling at cross purposes at each other earlier.
Larry: Yeah. Hud’s our, uh, Hud’s our foreman and, uh, he’s, uh, an intense personality. We have a household of, uh…
Misty: Weirdos.
Larry: Well, I, I was going to be charitable, uh…
Misty: No, don’t be charitable, they’re weirdos.
Larry: All disabled veterans.
Misty: They’re all weirdos.
Gray: Misty. You, you were writing about alternative relationships and queer relationships before it was cool. Like, um, you know, you were…
Misty: Um… not exactly.
Gray: How does it feel to see that, that kind of thing, you know, come out now, is it like, well, it’s about time or is it, you know, is it a disappointment or
Misty: No, it’s mostly, it’s about time.
Gray: Yeah?
Misty: No, that’s actually, that’s not true. It’s about fucking time.
Larry: Yeah, I mean, it’s always been bizarre to me that, let’s say fantasy science fiction, FSF, part of it’s base concept is learning about cultures or species or whatever that are alien. And yet you find some, the most close minded dick heads that are fantasy and science fiction fans. The…
Misty: And writers.
Larry: I mean, you could literally have somebody with a super exotic lifestyle living right next to you and you don’t know it. And they’ll… they’ll gripe about it online as a concept. And then just, Hey, how are you the following day to exactly the people that they were griping about earlier without knowing it. And I’m like, if you’re into fantasy and science fiction and embracing new ways of thought is part of why you’re into it, why don’t you just apply it more to your daily life?
Misty: Yeah. That the golden rule could really be boiled down to don’t be a dick.
Larry: Yeah, don’t be a dick. You were going to talk about the writers before you, right?
Misty: Oh, I was just going to mention, I mean, there was Sam Delany, there was Marion Zimmer Bradley. There was a bunch of other people that were doing… Theodore Sturgeon, for God’s sake!
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: In uh… in The World Well Lost. Damn near wrecked his career over a gay story.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: Because he insisted uh, he wasn’t going to change it.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: And it took him a while to sell it. Now it’s just an, actually it’s available online in many places. Just look up Theodore Sturgeon, The World Well Lost. And it’s a beautiful story and it will make you, it will make you sob.
Larry: Yeah. Ted Sturgeon was just an amazing short story writer.
Misty: Ted Sturgeon was THE short story writer. I think even good old curmudgeon Harlan would have agreed with that.
Larry: You know, it’s funny you say that because I always think of Ted sturgeon as the other half of Harlan.
Misty: Yeah, he kind of is.
Gray: When you talk about the idea that you like to put your characters, not just through the amazing, wonderful, oh my God, I’m flying on the back of a horse or whatever, but also the…
Misty: You’ve got to drop a mountain on them on a regular basis.
Gray: Yeah, or, you know, you tripped over a rock or there’s some, you know, the sewers plugged up or, you know, the different, the day to day life things. How do you, do you decide how a character is going to develop as they’re as they go along or do they, do you kind of, do you see qualities come out in them that are surprising to you?
Misty: Well, at this point, I pretty much know what a character is when I start the book, because that’s all been percolating in the background as I’ve been working on books previous to it.
Larry: We’ve got a lot of practice.
Misty: Yeah. A hundred and forty two, hundred forty three, hundred forty five books worth of practice.
Larry: You know, there’s actually a joke about that: when’s the next Mercedes Lackey book out? Check your watch.
Gray: Larry, you gave us a bit of a preview into the idea of what kind of, a writing schedule. Misty and you were under during this… for Beyond to get out on time.
Larry: Oh, yeah.
Gray: And I looked at that and I thought, you know, that sounds kind of like what it’s like the first, the week before we have an event, and you’re talking about doing this for a few months.
Misty: Oh, it was about one month.
Gray: Does it feel daunting still to see that kind of a schedule and sit down in your chair and…
Misty: Oh, I’m fucking tired.
Larry: It wasn’t a pressure, it was more like, no, this is, this book is going to matter to some people it’s going to make them feel a lot better. And, uh, and we can do this.
Gray: Can you tell us what a writing schedule looks like for you?
Misty: Basically, I’ve got a lot of shit to get out of the way before I get to the writing.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: I’ve got the birds to feed, I’ve got whatever messages the cats have made to clean up.
Larry: That often, that can be, ‘wow, that furniture wasn’t there last night’. Yeah.
Misty: And I’ve got a ton of email to take care of. And I regularly comment on Quora.
Larry: Quora.com, yeah.
Misty: I regularly do a lot of answers on Quora and when that was all cleared out of the way. And the Quora stuff actually gets my writing sort of kickstarted. But anyway, when all that’s cleared out of the way and all the online petitions are signed and all the emails are answered, then I get to work and I work until about… six or seven in the morning?
Larry: The secret to a successful creatives marriage: separate buildings. Misty, and I we’ve been together for 30 some years now. And we get on each other’s nerves.
Misty: You really get on my nerves.
Larry: I really do. I mean, I’m, well-practiced. We make seeing each other an event. So I’ll work in the studio and Misty will work in the main house. And then at midnight, we get together for a couple of hours and we’ll just have a great time visiting with each other.
Misty: And then I get back to work.
Larry: And then I get back to work.
Misty: And my schedule is not time so much as word count.
Gray: Oh, okay.
Misty: I need to make a minimum word count, even if that word count takes hours. Usually it doesn’t, but there have been a couple of times when… the first chapter, just took days and days and days and days to write. Cause I was rewriting it and rewriting it and rewriting it.
Larry: Yeah, there’ve been several books where you’ve just said, Larry, can you kick this off? And I’ll start in. And then you edit that out and play something better, but it’s a way to get started. I’m not…
Misty: One of the perenial questions on Quora. “What university should I go to, to get my MFA so I can write novels?” Don’t. Don’t. Why in God’s name would you spend, would you get out a loan for between 30 and a hundred thousand dollars that you’re never going to pay off because you’re going to be spending the rest of your life either. Less than minimum wage adjunct or asking would you like fries with that? Take your money, go to welding school, go to electrician school, go to HVAC school, go to auto repair school. Nine months, max, and you’re going to be pulling down really nice bucks. It isn’t gonna eat up all your brainpower, and you can work, you can write in your spare time, which is what, 95% of all the people who are publishing books out there are doing.
Larry: Well, I’ll tell you there were some major names…
Misty: Writing in their spare time.
Larry: Yeah, there are some major names in the history of fantasy and science fiction…
Misty: Glen Cook!
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: For God’s sake, Glenn Cook worked on a, until he retired and he worked on a… assembly line in Detroit. And he wrote all of his books on post-it notes in between when one frame left his hands and the next frame came along.
Larry: Yep. He had little index cards, as I recall, that he would write on.
Misty: Colleges are overpriced these days for what you’re getting out of them.
Larry: I will go with that. Yeah. The, uh, everything that you need to become a professional writer, you can learn on your own.
Misty: Yep.
Larry: It just takes doing it.
Misty: Yep. A million million bad words, like Ray Bradbury said.
Larry: Yeah, that was…
Misty: Every writer has a million bad words and you just have to write until they’re all gone.
Larry: She told me that when I was bogging down on a short story. You’re just working on your first million, it’s fine.
Gray: A lot of people say, you know, writers write and writers read.
Misty: That’s true.
Gray: Any, other particular things that you wish you had known about at the beginning of your writing career that, was also important besides the reading and writing?
Misty: Things I wish I had known about…
Larry: I’m going to go back to what I said before, that what your writing isn’t precious.
Misty: Well, I got most of the bad habits I might’ve had cut off in the bud because C. J. Cherryh was my mentor. Uh, so they, they never even raised… the weed killer got them before they ever raised their head above the surface of the earth.
Gray: So, so finding a good mentor could be one of the things that would be a nice thing.
Misty: Yeah. If you can find one, if you can find one. Now it does tend to be that in the science fiction and fantasy field, people are very happy to be people’s mentors.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: Don’t ask me. I’ve already got all the people I can handle now, thank you.
Larry: We’re doing the best we can.
Misty: Find someone else.
Larry: But I will say in fantasy, sci-fi, and in gaming, you will find that the people are, that are successful now want you to be successful.
Misty: And they’re, it’s not universal, of course there are dicks everywhere, but, I would say. Probably 75% of the successful people in gaming and science fiction and fantasy writing are perfectly happy to help, give you a hand along.
Larry: Yeah, because when it comes down to it, we’re fans too.
Gray: Oh, Larry. I know of course that you do D&D gaming and stuff. Um, I was also reading that, Misty, you like to game as well, but is it online?
Misty: Oh, I… I play D&D. Oh my God.
Gray: Oh!
Misty: I was one of the early D&D players.
Gray: That doesn’t surprise me at all.
Misty: Back when it was, one poor little me at a sausage fest.
Larry: Yep. And I go back to pre-D&D, so ’70s.
Misty: I go back to almost pre-D&D, I was, I was playing Castle Greyhawk.
Larry: Oh, well…
Gray: Oh!
Misty: You know, mimeograph…
Larry: Greyhawk level, yeah.
Misty: Mimeographed booklets out of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. Yeah, so…
Larry: I was in the third Blackmoor campaign.
Misty: So I go back.
Gray: So does it make you feel happy to see all these, like this tremendous blossoming?
Misty: God, it’s amazing. I never in a million years dreamed that that was going to be the case.
The whole field is now mainstream, so it’s…
Gray: Mhm.
Misty: But I also, I also play predominantly, I played one game and that’s City of Heroes. I love City of Heroes and I’m so glad it was managed to be revived because I missed that game so much. I, some of my best friends came out of it, and..
Larry: Including the developers. I mean… Yeah, we even got… We got along great with them.
Misty: We got to be friends with some of the developers
Larry: Hand on heart, I have seen fan art done just for the love of it that is better than any of us ever did professionally on our best day.
Misty: Well it’s partly the tools.
Larry: And it just makes the heart swell. It’s just like…
Misty: It’s partly the tools that are available because you guys were working with immutable materials.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: You could not change anything. Once that, once that was down on the oil painting, it was not going to get changed. Most of the time it’s not physical anymore. Most of the time now it’s digital.
Larry: I had a sign next to my system that said computers help us do stupid things faster.
Gray: Misty, would you say the same thing… the same thing applies to the literary side of things?
Misty: I would never be working today if there were not word processing. Because working on a typewriter is sheer hell. And I don’t know. And I suspect that’s the reason why there are so many people writing today is because the physical act of writing is so much easier.
Larry: It is.
Misty: The physical act of rewriting is immensely easier.
Larry: Yes.
Misty: So unfortunately, So many self-published authors don’t take advantage of that physical act of rewriting.
Gray: Little bit of shade there, I can hear that.
Larry: I’m going to brag on Misty here because she won’t do it herself. Using the term machine is a little dehumanizing, but you know, saying Misty is a machine in this sense means that she is incredibly fast. She’s probably the fastest writer in the field.
Misty: I’m pretty fast at recognizing when I’m writing crap, too.
Larry: That’s true.
Misty: Which is part of it.
Gray: That feels like an even more valuable skill.
Misty: A large part of it, in fact.
Larry: One day Misty went in and she came out and she says, yeah, I’m done. Here you go handed over the pages and went to sleep. And I realized…
Misty: Yeah, one day, this was a 21 hour day.
Larry: Yeah. She had written beginning to end forty two pages flawlessly. Every characterization was perfect. All the jokes hit home.
Misty: It was the last chapter. That’s the easy one.
Larry: Yeah, but my God, 42 pages.
Misty: Last two chapters.
Larry: No punctuation problems. The flow was great. And I like, um, you know, I know she’s my wife. I am going to defend her above all else, but holy shit, this is amazing! Who actually does this?
Misty: Me.
Larry: She did.
Misty: I have not done that since because…
Larry: It’s exhausting.
Misty: I’m old and it’s exhausting and…
Gray: Yeah.
Misty: Yeah. Why?
Larry: Well, we’ve gotten rid of a lot of complications in our lives because…
Misty: I’m going, “Why am I doing this?”
Larry: Yeah, it’s like, Oh, my God. Can we just hire someone to do this?
Misty: And I told him, stop trying to fix something that you’re spending twice as much to fix it as it would, as you would to buy a new one, throw the thing out and go back to Twitter.
Larry: And Misty is like, okay, that should be thrown out. But that would make a great rat rod, Misty digs rat rods, she does drifting. She’s got a racing license.
Gray: Is she excited about fast and furious nine coming out?
Larry: They’re fun, actually they’re a lot of fun.
Gray: Oh yeah. That was a totally serious question. I mean…
Misty: They are absolute fantasy, nothing happens like that in the real world. Absolutely nothing. Zero.
Gray: Yep.
Larry: But that’s okay.
Misty: Most of the stunts these days in those movies are no longer practicals. They’re CG, it doesn’t happen that way, explosions don’t do that. And I just take my little disbelief and I go hang it somewhere and I enjoy it.
Larry: Yeah. There are two factors about those movies too, which is if you don’t look at them as realistic and then think this is a car-themed superhero team…
Misty: Mhm.
Gray: Yeah.
Larry: Then they’re great. And the second part is. There’s a spark in certain films where you can tell everyone loved being there.
Gray: Right.
Misty: And apparently Vin Diesel is a hoot to work with.
Larry: Massive nerd. I love the fact that it’s good to be a nerd now.
Misty: Yeah, this is true.
Larry: And I like the fact that it’s valued by so many people.
Gray: Is there anything though that you, as people who pioneered the nerd culture, what would you tell the community now that, you know, if you could get one thing through their head, what would you like to fix about the community?
Misty: I will channel Patton Oswalt with that.
Larry: Oh, Patton.
Misty: “Life is chaos. Be kind.”
Larry: Yeah, it was his dear wife that said that, and that became his mantra.
Misty: That is the word, the thing, and the infighting and the trolling and all the rest of that crap… Just be kind. Remember there is somebody, there’s a real person on the other end of that screen. And you have no idea what you think as a joke or you knowis not a joke, is really going to hit somebody hard .
Larry: Just being kind to a stranger.
Misty: Just be kind. Want to be known as a funny man, make fun of yourself.
Larry: Oh God, yeah.
Misty: Look at all the greatest comic comedians out there. They all very seldom went after the audience. I mean, Don Rickles was the only one who could get away with it.
Larry: And everybody knew that’s what they’d get going into it.
Misty: Yeah.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Mhm.
Larry: And he was an adorable man.
Misty: Yeah. But you want to be known as a funny man, make fun of yourself.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: If you’re going to make a joke X-men fandom, make it about yourself. Look, who is one of the most beloved people, who are two of the most beloved people Hollywood? Patton Oswalt.
Larry: Yeah, he’s great.
Misty: And Ryan Reynolds. And what do they do? Nerds that make fun of themselves within the culture.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Yeah. I told Larry, on Saturday, my partner and I celebrated our seven year anniversary and we went to a Ryan Reynolds movie. We went to see, Hitman’s Wifeâ€™s Bodyguard.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Because we had loved the first one that they did together. So it was Salma Hayek… um, Salma Hayak, uh…
Larry: She’s alwesome.
Gray: Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds, just having so much fun up there on the screen.
Misty: Oh my God.
Larry: But again, Sam, Sam Jackson… Okay. I had a friend that did a scene with Sam Jackson and he said that the guy was totally prepared, he knew all his lines and everything. Uh, very congenial to work. And he did blocking himself instead of having someone else step in. But when he came in, and he had his briefcase, and he opened up his briefcase to get the script out, there was a plate on the briefcase that said S L M F J.
Gray: Nice.
Larry: Samuel L motherfucking Jackson. And I thought just that little touch is so fun, you know, and a massive, a massive comics guy, you know?
Gray: Nice.
Larry: Think it’s wonderful, you know, Henry Cavill paints his own Warhammer miniatures, and just things like that., I’m just like, Oh, my people. You’ve arrived. Because I used to design led miniatures for Grenadier. How’s that for taking it back? Oh yeah, that takes you back. The pseudo dragon miniature was my old PC, you know, that kind of thing. Um, and what would I tell people? What was the question again? Can you rephrase it exactly?
Gray: Sort of like, you know, if I have a magic wand and I could wave it and. Everyone in the geek community would internalize this one thing. Just one thing. What would that thing be? What would you like them to internalize?
Larry: Remember that you count, and so do they. A lot of times people will get into the fantasy or the gaming or something because they’re heart’s broken, it’s because something’s missing. And they’ll feel really down on themselves. Like they’re a failure or something. We are in a pretty unkind culture here in the U.S. Overall. I mean, every day is a quest to not be an asshole because being an asshole is so easy here. It becomes an act of rebellion to be kind.
Gray: Tomorrow you’ll be partying all day because Beyond we’ll be out, and, uh…
Misty: Uh, no.
Gray: Isn’t that how that works?
Larry: We’ll be getting up and fixing stuff and writing and…
Misty: Tomorrow I will be getting up early, going to pay the mortgage, hopefully picking up a couple of tomato plants because I want to raise some tomatoes and feeding the birds.
Larry: Oh, yeah.
Misty: Cleaning up the cat crap. Maybe I’ll thaw a steak. That’s is, that’s about as far as it’s going to get is I may thaw a steak.
Larry: If we’re really lucky she’ll cook it. But, I’ve seen rich and we ain’t it. I mean, fame does not equal rich, and we’re fortunate that people think well of us, but…
Misty: And we can pay the bills, that’s the important part.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Where do you, where would you prefer people buy Beyond? Do you have like a favorite indie bookstore?
Misty: I don’t care.
Gray: Don’t care.
Misty: I don’t care. Your favorite, your favorite bookstore, if you have one. If you don’t much, as I do not like putting more money into Jeff Bezos’ pocket, if there’s no other choice, get it from Amazon.
Larry: But we prefer that you get it from small bookstores, cuz that’s awesome.
Misty: You can certainly get it from Powell’s online. They’re fabulous. Since you’re up there in the Pacific Northwest, you know all about Powell’s bookstore.
Gray: Well, I do know about Powell’s, because I used to be, but we’re actually located in scenic Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: Oh, okay.
Larry: Yeah. You know, near road America.
Misty: They’re running a marathon. Great race track. I’d recommend… Actually, we had one of the most remarkable experiences we ever did at Stevens Point. We were, I think, might’ve been on turn six.
Larry: Oh, over at Road America?
Misty: Yeah. Somebody ran off the road. I don’t even remember who the drivers were involved, that were involved at this point, but somebody ran off the road and somebody followed the exact same line and came right up on the top of his car.
Larry: They stacked.
Misty: They stacked.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Huh, that’s interesting.
Misty: And you’re expecting, Oh my God, the guy underneath is crushed or killed or decapitated or nothing, or none of that.
Larry: Yeah. And then you see the little arm come out of the racing suit going, Hey, I’m good,
Misty: There’s this little tiny slit, you know, underneath the…
Larry: The cars.
Misty: But part of that is because they’re… if you’re not aware of how race parts work, you want to get rid of every point of turbulence you can. So the undercarriage of race cars is practically silk smooth.
Larry: Yeah, very flat.
Misty: And there’s nothing to get hung up on. And the roll cage…
Larry: He just skated right up.
Misty: The roll cage is robust enough to support another…
Gray: An entire car, yeah.
Larry: You bet.
Misty: Two whole cars. And he just skated right up. And there was a skid mark on the top of the guy underneath’s the helmet.
Larry: Yeah. And I’m like, well, you retire that, but you put it in a display case.
Gray: Yeah.
Misty: No kidding.
Larry: You don’t want to reuse a helmet.
Gray: There’s the auction item for you.
Larry: Misty and I have, uh, we flag, well, we did anyway
Misty: Before COVID.
Larry: Before COVID hit, our hobby is of flagging Formula 1. We’re the people at the corner with the flag, mostly IMSA.
Misty: Mostly IMSA and mostly, uh…
Larry: World Endurance Championship.
Misty: World Endurance Championship.
Larry: Yeah. Some of the best racing you can ever find is WEC and IMSA. The cars look like star ships, you know, all the people are fun. Um, and..
Misty: There are fewer assholes.
Larry: Well…
Misty: In racing. There is so much ego, there is always assholes.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: What is a person or author or creator that you think is an up and comer that you would, you think people should look at? And Misty, get to think of the, I had him go first, so you get the extra time to see if there’s somebody you can think of.
Larry: Up and comers? It’s kind of hard to call people that have won multiple Hugos and Nebulas up and comers, but, I’ll say Kingfisher, for sure. She’s fantastic. That’s Ursula Vernon. Um, Keith Baker. You know, don’t… he’s a great game designer, but don’t doubt him as a writer. Erik Scott De Bie, of course, he’s a sweetie too.
Gray: How about you, Misty?
Misty: Well, this is where I confess that most of my reading these days is not in the field.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: Most of my reading is research.
Larry: Same here.
Misty: So I’m just not familiar with most of the… most of the writers these days, although I will say, I certainly did enjoy Ready Player One a whole bunch.
Gray: Ah.
Larry: Mhm.
Misty: In fact, I I’ve enjoyed all of his books, so far.
Larry: Well in comics. Now we both keep up with comics and there are some great writers there.
Misty: No I don’t.
Larry: Well, you love Gail.
Misty: I love Gail Simone.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: Well, who doesn’t?
Misty: She’s not exactly… She’s not exactly an up and comer.
Larry: Yeah.
Misty: She’s an already, she’s a force of nature.
Larry: She is!
Gray: Are you, are you excited about the Red Sonya reboot?
Larry: Oh hell yeah.
Misty: Oh God yes.
Gray: Which apparently will be with her storyline.
Larry: Oh yeah. Yeah, that’s going to be wonderful, actually. Uh, there are a lot of people on the…
Gray: Fingers crossed.
Larry: On the production team that I have great confidence in. Speaking of production and all, we’re closely associated with Zombie Orpheus Entertainment. I’m executive producer there, and The Fantasy Network. And they are setting up the high flight arts website for you’ll be able to get merch from us and signed stuff.
Gray: Ah, yes.
Larry: Yeah.
Gray: You know, you’ve, you’ve said you mentioned the Annie Oakley one. Um, what are your next projects Misty?
Misty: Uh, currently working on the third Silence book, Annie Oakley book, another book for Tor. Wer’e waiting to hear something from Tor about the fourth Elvenbane book, because I have a… I have a protÃ©gÃ© that I want to do that fourth Elvenbane book with.
Larry: Old, old friend of mine.
Misty: Old, old friend of ours. And..
Larry: Yeah, we’re also working on development on Griffin of Light, which is the next current timeline Valdemar book.
Whenever I first met Pat, we chatted quite a bit and then he mentioned Heifer.
Misty: I literally was contributing to the second or third annual Christmas drive they did.
Larry: Yeah. And so, we found about Worldbuilders that it’s like, they built a charity for the nerds like us? This is the best! There are people in the world that are far less fortunate than we are. And what may be a relatively small kindness from us can change the life of a village there. And that to me is what makes Worldbuilders so amazing, is when you get the strangest people, the weirdest nerds, the greatest geeks, you know, and they can look like anybody, they can have any preference in the world, they can have any gender identity. And we can come together and tell here’s our mouth and here’s our money. We’re going to make the world better… and actually do it. That’s what we love about Worldbuilders.
Gray: I really appreciate you taking the time this evening for us this morning for you to do this.
Larry: Delighted.
Misty: Well, thank you!Silicone Stretch Lids (6 pcs)
Cover it & keep food fresh until you get hungry again!
Protect the environment, starting with throwing away the plastic wrap.
Can’t find a way to store your foods and keep them fresh?
Well, you’re not alone! Nobody wants to dispose of their food, and everybody wants to keep their food fresh. But not to worry anymore, because we have the solution!
Simply cover with it & keep your food fresh! Our silicone food saver lids can be used to cover cooked food, fruit, salads, sauces & drinks, etc….
It includes 6 silicone covers in various sizes. With stretchable material, the food lids will easily fit most containers.
It made of safe & environmental-friendly silicone, it can withstand -22 °F to 450 °F temperature.
Easy to use and clean: These bowl covers stretch easily and fits on a variety of plates and bowls tightly. Nothing falls out. In addition, it can be put in the dishwasher or hand washed with warm sudsy water.
Various sizes: Silicone storage covers come in 6 different sizes meet most of your needs.
Perfect for any leftover foods: Fruits, and vegetables or unfinished drinks!
Eco-Friendly: These silicone stretch lids are durable and can be used over and over again. It is more economical and environmental compare with using plastic wrap! No more wasting and struggling with plastic wrap.
You can cover your leftover food and keep it in the serving bowl. Besides, it can keep flys off your food effectively..Stop by and see us on this year’s Maryland Wine Tour.
This is not your average wine tour! The Passport Experience is your personal guide through the wine trails of Maryland. It is a self-guided adventure that gives you the opportunity to experience the rich and unique culture that each region has to offer.
It’s easy to participate! Simply GRAB your friends, BUY your tickets, PICK a trail, and CHOOSE from the various participating wineries, eateries, hotels and local attractions to EMBARK on your adventure through Maryland Wine Country. Don’t feel like driving? Reserve transportation with VINO 301.
Details
Feb 28, 2016
12:00 pm - 5:00 pmSTARS of Game of Thrones, Line of Duty and Bridgerton are tunring out to help save an historic church in Broadway.
Owen Teale, known for his role as Chief Inspector Phillip Osborne in the BBC police drama and Alliser Thorne in Game of Thrones, and Golda Rosheuvel, who plays Queen Charlotte in Bridgerton, will have roles in a day of performance and celebration for St Nicholas’ Church, Saintbury on September 11.
Shakespeare on Love, directed by Caroline Gawn, will bring alive the words and music of Shakespeare and his contemporaries as part of a programme of talks, theatre and music to be held in the church to launch a campaign to raise funds for urgent repairs.
The Churches Conservation Trust (CCT), the national charity that protects over 356 churches at risk, has kept Saintbury church wind and watertight, including funding the painstaking restoration of priceless 17th century wall paintings but it has taken a group led by NHS psychotherapist Annabel Lord to join forces with the charity, local people and some famous friends to plan the event.
Mrs Lord said: “If the pandemic has taught us anything, it’s the value of re-connecting with the past and with our historic environment.
"Saintbury church is one of my favourite places on the planet, a constant source of happiness and inspiration.
"When I plucked up the courage to borrow the key, I was shocked to find a dusty building that was barely holding its head above water despite huge efforts by the CCT, its precious wall-paintings in danger from water damage and makeshift tarpaulin protecting the roof after significant lead theft.
"I feel we need to repair the roof and open the doors so that more people can access and enjoy this magical place.
“It would be great if our work in saving and reclaiming this hidden gem for the community could be an inspiration to others to embark on similar events to keep their buildings and our collective history alive.”
Peter Aiers, chief executive of Churches Conservation Trust, said: “We are thrilled that Annabel came to us with this brilliant plan, and grateful to all those who are now inspired to join the Saintbury campaign.
"We look after historic church buildings all over the country and encourage and support communities to use and love them. Every building needs ‘saintly’ people, willing to gather together to keep them alive – and find new ways of using them.”
Tickets are available from the Churches Conservation Trust.This motion creates new policy. Existing policy on protection for tenants is set out in policy paper 104, Decent Homes for All (2012).
F44: Protecting Private Tenants
(Passed with Amendment 1)
Conference notes that:
A. 1.3 million households, with 9 million residents in total, rent their homes from private landlords in the UK.
B. Section 21 of the Housing Act 1988 allows landlords to evict tenants at two months' notice without having to give a reason, provided the tenant is outside the initial secure period of the tenancy.
Conference regrets that:
i) One in three privately rented properties in the UK does not meet the Government's Decent Homes Standard .
ii) Over 324,000 private tenants per year have been evicted in the last five years after complaining to their landlord or local authority about a problem in their homes.
iii) One in eight tenants has not asked for repairs to be carried out for fear of retaliatory eviction.
iv) Current housing market conditions allow landlords to evict tenants in the knowledge that they will generally be able to find a new tenant quickly and easily, allowing some landlords to evict tenants rather than carrying out necessary repairs.
Conference believes that:
a) Nobody should be forced to live in poor conditions due to their landlord's failure to deal with problems in the property, nor should they be reluctant to report problems due to the fear of being evicted.
b) There are many good landlords who respond appropriately when problems are reported by tenants, and this motion does not seek to infringe their rights in any way.
Conference welcomes the Tenancies (Reform) Bill tabled by Sarah Teather MP in the House of Commons on 2nd July 2014 and co-sponsored by Tessa Munt MP, Tim Farron MP and Andrew Stunell MP which aims to give tenants legal protection against retaliatory evictions, and encourages Liberal Democrats MPs to support it.
Conference further welcomes the excellent campaigning work carried out by Shelter to bring this issue to national attention through its 'Nine Million Renters' campaign.
Conference calls for the following legal protections for private tenants:
1. Tenants who report problems with their home to their landlord and are subsequently served a Section 21 Notice should have the right to appeal.
2. Landlords using Section 21 Notices should be made to give their reasons for serving the notice.
3. If an Improvement Notice is served or Emergency Remedial Action taken by the local authority the landlord should not be able to serve a Section 21 Notice for six months.
4. A landlord should not be able to serve a Section 21 Notice within six months of a Hazard Awareness Notice being issued by the local authority.
5. The use of Rent Repayment Orders should be extended to allow tenants to get their rent refunded where a property is found to contain serious risks to health and safety. This provision should apply to current tenants and those who have left the property.
Applicability: England only.While a BASE jumping location can be virtually any object that’s high enough for a jump, we’ve taken a look around and made a list of some of them more popular jump spots where the world’s best jumpers flock to.
BASE Jump Locations In The United States
Royal Gorge Bridge
Location: Canon City, Colorado
Jump height: 956 ft.
Website: RoyalGorgeBridge.com
Legality: Depends on many factors, but there have been BASE jumping events at the bridge in the past. Use contact page here.
Perrine Bridge
Location: Twin Falls, Idaho
Jump height: 486 ft.
Website: VisitIdaho.org
Legality: Jumps allowed year-round without permit, only a verbal okay from the Twin Falls County Sheriff.
New River Gorge Bridge
Location: Fayetteville, West Virginia
Jump height: 876 ft.
Website: OfficialBridgeDay.com
Legality: Jumping allowed the third Saturday of October each year for Bridge Day.
BASE Jumping Locations In Venezuela
Angel Falls
Location: Canaima Natl. Park, Bolivar State
Jump height: 3,200 ft.
Website: Angel Falls
Legality: Permit required.
BASE Jumping Locations In South Africa
Table Mountain
Location: Cape Town, South Africa
Jump height: Varies between jump points
Website: Table Mountain
Legality: Permit required, as well as 150 previous skydives.
BASE Jumping Locations In Norway
Kjerag Mountain
Location: Lysefjorden, Norway
Jump height: 3,228 at highest
Website: Kjerag Mountain
Legality: Allowed
World BASE Race
Location: Innfjorden, Norway
Jump height: Unknown
Website: WorldBASERace.com
Legality: Open event every summer for wingsuit BASE jumpers with 80+ previous jumps
BASE Jumping Locations In Switzerland
The Eiger
Location: Canton of Bern, Switzerland
Jump height: Varies by jump location
Website: The Eiger
Legality: Allowed
Jungfrau
Location: Canton of Bern, Switzerland
Jump height: Varies by jump location
Website: The Jungfrau
Legality: Allowed
Lauterbrunnen (High Nose, Via Ferrata, High Ultimate Peaks)
Location: Lauterbrunnen, Switzerland
Jump height: Varies by jump location and peak chosen
Website: Lauterbrunnen
Legality: Allowed
Walenstadt (The Crack, other area peaks and lines)
Location: Walenstadt, Switzerland
Jump height: Varies by jump location and peak chosen
Website: Walenstadt
Legality: Allowed
- An Anatomically Correct Nut Tool for Climbers - 5 June, 2015
- Obstacle Race Training Guide - 4 June, 2015
- Using Night Vision in Extreme Sports - 25 March, 2015
TrackbacksThe State of Wix in 2021
Wix is a drag-and-drop website builder that also offers ecommerce capabilities. Founded in 2006, Wix now powers millions of websites though only a subset of those are ecommerce merchants.
In this report, we'll cover the following essential statistics on Wix usage.
- Wix growth
- Social media usage on Wix stores
- Contact information on Wix stores
- Top categories for Wix stores
- Top countries for Wix stores
- Number of employees for Wix stores
- Number of products sold for Wix stores
- Top Wix technologies
- Top Shipping Carriers used by Wix stores
- Wix store top-level domain distribution
- Top Wix stores
- New Wix stores
- Stores switching to Wix from other platforms
- Stores switching from Wix to other platforms
Create a free account to get a feel for the data we provide.
Wix Growth
At present, there are 1,110,292 live stores running on the Wix platform.
Here is the historical growth of stores running Wix.
- Wix stores increased 145.8% quarter-over-quarter in 2021 Q3.
- Wix stores increased 323% year-over-year in 2021 Q3.
Cumulative Stores by Quarter
It's hard to know exactly when a Wix store was first created but we use a heuristic combining DNS and WHOIS data that provides a reasonable approximation.
Social Media Usage On Wix Stores
Ecommerce brands use social media sites to engage with millions of consumers. Instagram and Facebook are the dominant social media sites for ecommerce stores, by far, with Twitter, Pinterest and YouTube also having notable usage.
- Instagram is used by 46.0% of Wix stores.
- Facebook is used by 45.9% of Wix stores.
- Twitter is used by 10.2% of Wix stores.
Contact Information On Wix Stores
Email remains an extremely popular communication channel for merchants. Many merchants also provide a phone number so that their customers can reach them instantly.
- 52% of Wix stores have an email on their website
- 35% of Wix stores provide a phone number on their website
Top Categories For Wix Stores
Here is the breakdown of industry verticals for stores on Wix.
- 9.2% of Wix stores sell Beauty & Fitness products.
- 8.2% of Wix stores sell Apparel products.
- 8.1% of Wix stores sell Home & Garden products.
Top Countries For Wix Stores
Here are the top countries for stores using Wix.
- 20.2% of Wix stores are in United States
- 6.1% of Wix stores are in United Kingdom
- 2.7% of Wix stores are in Brazil
- 2.5% of Wix stores are in Canada
With a paid account, stores can also be segmented by region and city.
Number Of Employees For Wix Stores
Here is the breakdown of Wix stores by the number of employees.
- 0.0% of Wix stores have 1 - 9 employees.
- 0.0% of Wix stores have 10 - 24 employees.
- 0.0% of Wix stores have 25 - 49 employees.
Number Of Products Sold For Wix Stores
Here is the breakdown of Wix stores by the number of products that they sell.
- 2.2% of Wix stores sell 1 - 9 different products.
- 0.6% of Wix stores sell 10 - 24 different products.
- 0.4% of Wix stores sell 25 - 49 different products.
Top Technologies on Wix Stores
We're tracking 172 different technologies that have 163,970 collective installs on Wix stores.
- Fastly CDN is used by 4.0% of Wix stores.
- YouTube Player is used by 2.8% of Wix stores.
- Smile.io is used by 1.5% of Wix stores.
Here are the top 10 third-party technologies, ordered by number of installs, across all Wix stores.
Top Shipping Carriers Used By Wix Stores
- UPS is used by 95.3% of Wix stores.
- USPS is used by 2.2% of Wix stores.
- Royal Mail is used by 0.9% of Wix stores.
Here are the top 10 shipping carriers across all Wix stores.
Wix Store Top-level Domain Distribution
.com is the most popular top-level domain for Wix.
- 70.4% of Wix stores have a .com domain.
- 4.7% of Wix stores have a .co.uk domain.
- 3.1% of Wix stores have a .org domain.
Top Wix Stores
Here are the top stores, powered by Wix, ordered by store rank.
New Wix Stores
Here are the 5 highest-ranked stores added most recently.
Stores Switching to Wix From Other Platforms
Over the last 90 days, Wix has taken 2,781 merchants from competitive ecommerce platforms.
Here are the top stores that have switched to Wix from competitive ecommerce platforms.
Stores Switching from Wix To Other Platforms
Over the last 90 days, Wix has lost 10,683 merchants to competitive platforms.
Here are the top Wix stores that have recently changed to a competitive platform.
Get more insights on Wix stores
Our search interface is easy to use and helps you find the Wix stores that are relevant to you.
You can segment stores on a variety of dimensions:
- Social Media accounts
- Phone numbers
- Country
- Third-party technologies
- Creation date
- Platform
- Top-level domains
- Domain status
- Domain type
For more insights on Wix stores, create a free account and have a look for yourself.By Theodore Shoebat
Muslim gunmen in Kenya invaded a bus with the intention of annihilating all Christians onboard. But then a number of locals, who were traditionally Muslim, protected the Christians. At the end, two people — including one of the defenders — were killed, but the Christians nonetheless were not utterly slaughtered. These are good samaritans who need to be recognized. Here is the story:
Muslim passengers defended Christian passengers during an extremist attack on a bus in Kenya on Monday.
Members of the al-Shabab militant organization shot at a bus in Mandera, Kenya, forcing it to stop. Once the militants boarded the bus, they attempted to separate Muslim and Christian passengers, intending to kill the Christians on board, the BBC reported.
“We even gave some non-Muslims our religious attire to wear in the bus so that they would not be identified easily. We stuck together tightly,” Abdi Mohamud Abdi, a Muslim passenger, told Reuters . “The militants threatened to shoot us but we still refused and protected our brothers and sisters. Finally they gave up and left but warned that they would be back.”
The local governor. Ali Roba, confirmed the account in an interview with Daily Nation , a Kenyan publication. “They refused to separate from non-Muslims and told the attacks to kill all passengers or leave,” Roba said. There were 62 passengers on board, according to the paper.
Even though the passengers stuck together so well, two people were killed and three were injured. Abdirashid Adan was hit by a bullet as militants shot at the bus; he was treated at Mandera County Referral Hospital, the Nation reported. The other victims were not identified by authorities, referred to only as a driver and two passengers.Male Boost$80.23 Buy Now
Libido Formula$15.50 Buy Now
Bulgarian Tribulus Terrestris$16.04 Buy Now
Apex Male$33.40 Buy Now
Ball Refill by Vigor Labs$26.69 Buy Now
- Sale!
Male VirilityBuy Now
X-Tend by VIP Vitamins$10.75 Buy Now
AndroSurge by Jacked Factory$35.99 Buy Now
Testosterone Booster by Dr Martin’s Nutrition$26.69 Buy Now
- Sale!
Horny Goat Weed by Natures CraftBuy Now
MaxxLoad by Osyris Nutrition Lab$24.99 Buy Now
Organic Maca Powder$10.69 Buy Now
Horny Goat Weed with Maca$23.00 Buy Now
What To Do When You And Your Partner Want Different Amounts Of Sex
In long-term relationships, partners’ sex drives are bound to get out of sync from time to time. That’s normal and not a cause for concern unless it becomes a persistent …
Relationship Red Flags: 5 Signs That a Relationship Isn’t Off to a Good Start
A question I often get asked is “what are the red flags I should watch out for in a new relationship?” While it can be hard to know early on whether a …
Stayin’ Alive: What Those Over 50 Need to Know to Keep COVID From Killing Us
Like everyone else in the world, I’m concerned about Covid-19. Though it seems we’re all at risk of being infected, not all of us are at equal risk for getting …
Alt-Right Extremists Are Using Livestreaming to Take Racist Attacks to a New Level
They’re not using platforms like Twitch as a place to organize and plot. They’re using it as a place to strike If you spend enough time on Twitch, odds are …
Power, Influence, and Legacy in the Post Covid-19 World
In these unprecedented times, there is one certainty – change is constant. When we are presented with the degree of uncertainty in this pandemic, we have a choice. We can collapse into the fear or …New York Wrongful Death Lawyers
When somebody dies due to another party’s negligence, family members of the deceased may be able to recover compensation under certain circumstances by filing a wrongful death lawsuit. The idea of taking legal action may be far from your mind if you have recently lost a loved one, but the right attorneys can handle delicate legal and financial matters that may arise if you have suffered a sudden tragedy.
The circumstances surrounding the fatal accident will determine if you are eligible to receive compensation from a lawsuit, and only an experienced wrongful death lawyer can tell you if your situation qualifies. Our attorneys handle wrongful death lawsuits resulting from construction accidents, car accidents, truck accidents, defective products and other types of wrongful death cases.
The attorneys of Block O’Toole & Murphy have won more results exceeding $1,000,000 than any other law firm in New York every year since 2012, including a $15 million settlement in a wrongful death case. Call 212-736-5300 or fill out our contact form to receive a free, no-obligation legal consultation.
Legal Theory Behind a New York Wrongful Death Lawsuit
The goal of a wrongful death lawsuit is to ensure the survivors that the victim has left behind are compensated for the financial loss they will experience as a result of the victim’s untimely death. Although no amount of money could ever take the place of the presence of a beloved family member, the damages recovered in a wrongful death lawsuit are meant not only to ease the unavoidable financial burden that arises after such a tragic death (i.e. funeral and medical expenses), but also to provide for the family in the coming years, especially if the victim was the household’s main source of income.
What is required to bring a wrongful death civil suit? This is a complex issue which requires careful consideration of all the facts of each case. Generally speaking, the plaintiff simply needs to prove that there is a “preponderance of evidence”, or that more likely than not, the victim died as a result of the negligence of another individual or party. The burden of proof in a civil case is often confused with what is required in a criminal context. The standards are very different. In a criminal court, the plaintiff would need to prove “beyond a reasonable doubt” that the defendant accused of the crime is guilty; therefore, survivors seeking compensation often have an easier threshold of proof in civil courts, and can reclaim damages whether or not the party responsible for the victim’s death is convicted of a crime.
If you are considering bringing a wrongful death lawsuit, it is important to be aware that under New York State law, it must be filed within two years of the victim’s date of death.
What Damages Can Be Recovered in a Wrongful Death Lawsuit?
While there is obviously no amount of money that can alleviate the intense grief associated with the sudden death of a family member, the most common damages awarded in a wrongful death lawsuit in New York are economic in nature. There are two main kinds of damages that can be recovered. The most familiar type of damages awarded are for the pain and suffering of the victim. These are distributed as repayment for the pain and suffering the victim experienced before death. One of the factors considered when quantifying this number is “pre-impact terror”, which measures the amount of time the victim was likely aware of their impending doom. In addition, the general amount of time that the victim likely experienced pain and suffering before the moment of their passing can sometimes be identified by expert analysis, often through testimony given by a forensic pathologist. Although unpleasant to think about, this is one of the ways the surviving family can ensure they are compensated for the victim’s unnecessary death.
The other area of damages a family can recover in a wrongful death lawsuit is post-death damages related to financial loss. These damages focus on how this death will affect the remaining members of a family financially. In this case, the survivors of the victim can claim damages based on the monetary loss they will experience in the absence of their loved one. Some examples of post-death damages include:
- Medical expenses incurred as a result of the fatal accident
- Costs associated with the burial, funeral or cremation of the victim
- Lost wages that the deceased was earning and would have continued to earn
- Services that the deceased provided, such as childcare or health insurance
- The parental guidance that children of a deceased parent have lost
- A reduction in the inheritance or assets that the deceased would have left behind
A significant factor in calculating these economic damages is the age and life expectancy of the victim when the fatal accident occurred, particularly in reference to lost wages. When a child unexpectedly loses a parent, for example, there may be many years of potential lost wages that the surviving child is entitled to.
Unfortunately, wrongful death law in New York does not currently recognize the emotional pain and suffering of the survivors as a damage for which the family can receive compensation. This law lacks compassion, unfortunately. It is an area of New York Law that we, as wrongful death lawyers, have been fighting to change.
Who Can File a Wrongful Death Lawsuit?
Generally, in the state of New York, a child, parent, spouse, or personal representative for the estate of the victim can file a wrongful death claim. If no spouse, parents, or children survive the victim, then it may be possible for a sibling or other relative to bring the claim, especially if they are appointed as the representative to the victim’s estate. Circumstances vary by case; contact us at 212-736-5300 to speak with a Block O’Toole & Murphy attorney and determine if you qualify to file a wrongful death claim.
Fighting for Survivors in Wrongful Death Lawsuits
The attorneys of Block O’Toole & Murphy have experience fighting for justice and compensation for families who have tragically lost a loved one due to another party’s negligence. Although our lawyers recognize that money means nothing in the face of such a life-changing tragedy, we also recognize that such tragedies can have real financial consequences for a family already trying to process the grief of losing a loved one unexpectedly.
Here are notable cases in which our attorneys aggressively fought for every possible dollar we could recover for families in wrongful death lawsuits:
- $15,000,000 settlement for the wife and five children of a 38-year-old HVAC technician who was crushed by a falling object at a hospital
- $10,500,000 settlement for the wife and three children of a union laborer who tragically died in a workplace accident
- $7,525,000 settlement after a mother and her 7-year-old son were killed in a collision with a privately-owned van, leaving behind a husband and two young children
- $7,200,000 settlement after a young husband and father fell down an elevator shaft, losing his life in a heartbreaking accident
- $5,000,000 settlement after a mother of four was struck and killed by a garbage truck after the driver suffered a medical episode which the trucking company failed to identify
- $3,000,000 settlement after a Long Island motor vehicle accident occurred when the victim was struck by a vehicle attempting a left turn without the right of way
- $2,558,000 settlement for the wife of a man who died in a motor vehicle accident that was partly caused by a badly placed traffic light
- $2,545,000 settlement after a mother of two was tragically killed because of a separate motor vehicle collision which occurred at the intersection in front of her
- $2,250,000 settlement for the spouse of a construction worker who died in a tragic elevator accident while performing what should have been routine maintenance
- $2,000,000 settlement for the parents of a man who was killed in a collision with a truck that was caused by an icy roadway condition which city and state government failed to address
- $1,750,000 settlement for the adult children of a woman who was killed after being struck by a city-owned bus while crossing the street within a crosswalk in Brooklyn
- $1,650,000 settlement for the wife of a man who tragically lost his life while trying to warn neighbors about a fire that had started elsewhere in the apartment building
- $1,500,000 settlement after a fatal motor vehicle accident that occurred on the Grand Central Parkway in Queens due to insufficient roadway drainage
If you have recently lost a loved one in a fatal accident caused by somebody else’s negligence, you may have the right to recover compensation in a wrongful death lawsuit. Contact the attorneys of Block O’Toole & Murphy by calling 212-736-5300 to receive a free, no-obligation legal consultation.Property Attributes
- MLS#1768311
- TypePending
- CountyRACINE
- CityRacine
- Zip53403
- StyleBungalow
- Year Built1932
- Taxes$ 2885
- Price$ 139,900
- Bedrooms2
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage853
- Lot Size4,356 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Beacon Realty Of Racine
Data Source:
MetroMLS - 186 - WI
Property Description
Move in 2 Bedroom home with hardwood floors nd 9 foot ceilings, Newer windows, Furnace, Water heater, Dishwasher, Light Fixtures, Newer Plumbing and Electric, Glass block windows, Fenced in yard for your pets, also a doggie door for your pets. Enclosed front porch. Open Concept living room and kitchen. This home is in move in condition
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWin! 20th November 2015 by Stellar Magazine
WIN! 5 b.tempt’d Bra Sets & Fittings For 5 Readers!
We're saying bravo to this marvellous competition which'll allow you to make the most of your assets. Ahem.
This week, along with Arnotts and b.tempt’d lingerie we’ve got five bra fittings and b.tempt’d lingerie sets to give away. Arnotts has the largest lingerie department in Ireland with expert fitters to help you find the perfect bra that suits your shape and size.
b.tempt’d lingerie focuses on designing exceptional lingerie that really fits, making women look and feel their best. This exciting lingerie brand was designed to entice the young-minded woman with sexy, sophisticated, and flirty lingerie, offering back sizes 30-38 and cup sizes A-E.
Want in? Here’s how.
1. Like & Share on Facebook
2. Give us your details
Now, drop us your info so we can send you your prize if you’re a lucky winner! And that’s it: good luck!
Sorry, this competition is closed.
- Closing date for entries is midnight 27th NovemberThis is blues straight from the bayou! As the deep water swamp theme suggests, it's a great tool for developing low registers in younger players. The straight eighth-note rock style requires no triplet interpretation, so developing groups can focus on the sound and having fun! The solo section features a written or improvised solo for baritone sax which is also cued in the alto sax 1 part. A chart-specific guitar chord sheet is included with fretboard diagrams, chord symbols and notated chords.
Blackwater Creek
$60.00PriceSalomon Stance 90 Skis - 2021
Salomon Stance 90 Skis - 2021
The Stance 90 a lineup of directional carvers built on hard-charging performance and an unmatched strength-to-weight ratio. Utilizing Metal TwinFrame construction, the Stance 90 utilizes two titanal plates to provide enhanced edge grip and poppy, powerful turns.
BENEFITS:
Edge Grip
When a race inspired sidecut pairs up with double Ti construction the result is confidence inspiring edge grip whether you are laying down a turn on piste or off.
Maneuver.
TECHNOLOGIES:.Diesel wiper setNPC-002 • by Narrow Planet
£5.00
Thanks for signing up for restock notifications!
There was an error signing up for restock notifications. Please try again.
Eight pairs of etched nickel silver windscreen wipers for diesel locos and railcars. Intended for 009 but may be suitable for small locos in larger scales.Nou Barris
New regulations on the circulation of personal mobility vehicles
13/01/2021 13:36 h
Alert stage of the municipal emergency plan for snow and ice activated
05/01/2021 10:08 h
Preventive warning for PM10 pollution episode deactivated
16/12/2020 09:09 h
New call for the creation or extension of terraces
15/12/2020 16:30 h
Activation of preventative warning stage for high levels of PM10
15/12/2020 10:02 h
Operation Christmas to focus on mobility, safety and cleaning
10/12/2020 14:51 h
Barcelona Medals of Honour 2020
01/12/2020 17:49 hColin Powell, first Black US secretary of state, dies of Covid-19 complications amid cancer battle.. ‘trailblazer and role model’
.
Inspectors, however, later found no such weaponry in Iraq, and two years after Powell’s UN speech, a government report said the intelligence community was “dead wrong” in its assessments of Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction capabilities before the US invasion.
Powell, who left the State Department in early 2005 after submitting his resignation to Bush the previous year, later called his UN speech a “blot” that will forever be on his record.

Though the large majority of Powell’s time as a public servant was spent in Republican administrations, the later years of his life saw him supporting Democratic presidential candidates and harshly criticizing top Republican leaders.
Powell went on to vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016 over Donald Trump, whom he had strongly condemned as a “national disgrace and an international pariah.”.
CNN’s Deidre McPhillips, Jake Tapper, Jennifer Hansler and Kylie Atwood contributed to this report.When Jurgen Klopp sees RED: Hitting out at a 's***' translator, arguing with a reporter over an Everton penalty and THAT spat with BT Sport's Des Kelly... the Liverpool boss has made a habit of losing his rag in interviews after latest meltdown in Madrid
- Jurgen Klopp rarely holds back during interviews and press conferences
- On Tuesday night, the German labelled a Spanish journalist 'not a nice guy'
- Klopp has history of exchanging terse words with reporters over the years
- Des Kelly, Patrick Davison and even a German translator have felt his wrath
- Sportsmail looks back on Klopp's interview rants after his latest meltdown
An interview with Jurgen Klopp can, on occasion, resemble a verbal and intellectual assault course, with the Liverpool manager always alert to the wider implications that probing questions may have on him and his club.
On Tuesday night, a Spanish reporter became the latest of a handful of journalists to be on the receiving end of an uncompromising tirade from the German, who took issue with the suggestion that he was 'angry' with Diego Simeone.
The Atletico Madrid boss had refused to shake his counterpart's hand after Liverpool's dramatic 3-2 victory in Europe, but Klopp came down hard on the reporter stating that he was angered by the snub.
Jurgen Klopp furiously reacted to a reporter's question about Diego Simeone earlier this week
'Why was I angry? I am not such an idiot that you can [ask a] little bit question here. I was not angry at all,' Klopp said.
'Have a look. I can imagine you want to make a story out of that, but I wanted to shake his hand, he [Simeone] doesn't want it.
'In that moment I can understand that, he was running inside. He's emotional, I'm emotional, and you are not a nice person because you want to make a story out of that.Does Bard College give merit aid?
While Bard distinguishes itself from many other prestigious colleges and universities by offering merit-based financial support to promising applicants alongside need-based options, the school also reads applications on a need-blind basis, meaning financial need is not a factor in determining a student’s eligibility …
Does Bard College give full scholarship?
Bard Foreign Scholarships
Nonrepayable grants are awarded to non-U.S. citizens on the basis of financial need and academic achievement and promise. Typically, Bard Foreign Scholarships range from $10,000 to $50,000 annually for full-time enrollment.
Can you get a full merit scholarship?
A number of students receive merit aid. Students may need to maintain a certain GPA. The National Merit Scholarship Program offers millions in aid. There are some full–tuition scholarships for National Merit Scholars.
What GPA do you need for merit scholarship?
As mentioned, many merit awards go to students with a 3.5 to 4.0 GPA. But there are others for students with a 3.0 or lower. One to check out is the Straight A Scholarship.
Is Bard College expensive?
Bard College is one of the 100 most expensive colleges in the America, coming in 49th on our Expensive 100 Ranking. The cost is 137% more expensive than the average New York tuition of $23,406 for 4 year colleges. … Price does not vary by residence.
Does Bard College meet full need?
Bard makes every effort to meet full need for highly ranked applicants. Bard is need-aware in admissions at the margins; meaning that if we do not feel that we can adequately package a student for success, we would encourage that student to seek more affordable paths to college..
What is a full merit scholarship?
Merit can mean different things, but generally a merit-based full ride scholarship requires excellence in academics, leadership or service. Some schools recognize merit by offering full ride and full tuition scholarships.This morning, we are wading through worlds of color, shrouded on all sides by an entire kaleidoscope of sound. To craft this experience, we are beyond thrilled to welcome composer and multi-instrumentalist Janko Nilović to MailTape this Sunday.
Based in Paris, Janko is a living legend in the arena of library music. A pioneer of French production music, Janko is behind so many beloved arrangements. In addition to commissions for classical compositions, Janko is frequently sampled by hip hop, rap, and rhythm and blues artists (including Jay-Z and Dr Dre).
Nothing if not versatile, Janko slips easily across styles of jazz, funk, rock, and classical music. Janko’s selections, too, reflect this versatility and freedom within music :)
The Soul Surfers’ selection
Steely Dan - Do It Again
Janko: “Au début des années 70, j’ai découvert un groupe qui s’appelle Steely Dan. Les titres sont d’avant-garde, les compositions de Donald Fagen sont exceptionnelles, les musiciens au top, et du coup j’ai acheté 4 albums à eux les uns meilleurs que les autres. J’ai apprécié particulièrement le titre Do It Again de Can’t Buy a Thrill. Perfection rythmique, voix magnifiques, arrangements extra et guitare super. Quand je pense que cela a été réalisé il y a 50 ans!
At the beginning of the 70’s, I discovered the group Steely Dan. Their releases are avant garde, Donald Fagen’s compositions are exceptional, the musicians are fantastic, and because of this I bought four of their albums, some better than others. I appreciated the song Do It Again from Can’t Buy a Thrill in particular. Perfect rhythm, magnificent vocals, super arrangement and guitar. To think that this was produced 50 years ago! “
Moondog - Bird’s Lament
Janko: “Un artiste complet. Aveugle et jouant de plusieurs instruments. Compositeur et arrangeur original et excentrique. Les musiciens faisaient face à une musique difficile et en souffraient! Comme titre, j’ai choisi Bird’s Lament de Lament 1. D’une originalité orchestrale extravagante! Comment composer, jouer, arranger et même chanter en étant aveugle! …Cela m’a stupéfait. Il me fait penser à Nobuyuki Tsujii: pianiste également aveugle qui jouent les concertos les plus difficiles : Tchaikovsy, Rachmaninoff…et j’en passe! C’était aussi un poète.
A true artist. Blind and playing multiple instruments. An eccentric and original composer and arranger. For the song, I chose Bird’s Lament from the Lament 1 album. What an original and extravagant orchestral feat! To compose, play, arrange, and even sing while being blind! … It amazes me. It made me think of Nobuyuki Tsujii: a pianist who was also blind, and yet played some of the most difficult concertos: Tchaikovsy, Rachmaninoff, and more! He was also a poet. “
Frank Zappa - Joe’s Garage
Janko: “Artiste complet, d’avant-garde, toujours à la recherche du nouveau, de l’invention… J’ai choisi le titre Joe’s Garage. Si je cite ces trois différents personnages (c’était mon époque), c’est que je suis moi-même éclectique car il n’y a pas de limites ni de frontières dans le monde musical.
A true artist in the world of avant garde, always in search of the new, of the invention… I chose the song Joe’s Garage. If I cite these three different people (it was my era), it’s that I myself am eclectic because there are no limits nor frontiers in the world of music.“
MailTape’s selection
Janko Nilović - Black on a White Ground
Sarah: “Never have I had such a difficult time selecting a guest track! Each album of Janko’s is a wonder in its own right, with every collective work standing apart from the previous release. Surprising at each turn, Janko’s arrangements are a true delight to follow. This particular track comes from the Rythmes Contemporains album, originally called Giant for its enormous production ensemble (45 musicians!). The album was released in 1974 (remastered in 2018), and showcases Janko at his finest. Not to mention it’s recorded live to tape :) Though the album draws from big band influences, Janko still takes significant risks departing from conventional structures. The quick climax a minute into the track creates the space for Janko to bleed into softer melodies, crafting more subtle harmonies and gentle dissonances in the process; something uncommon in big band albums. Just as we acclimate to these minimalist moments, even more intricate, expansive crescendos are constructed before our ears. Parsed carefully between these peaks, Janko experiments with noticeably dampened sections, even letting silence creep in, creating a delightfully sharp contrast to the powerful (even celestial) musical buildings elsewhere. Such an ever changing dynamic allows us to thoroughly appreciate each section for what it offers on its own and as part of the composite. Incredible :)“
Janko Nilović and the Soul Surfers - It Never Ends
Sarah: “Off of the wonderful live to tape 2021 album, Maze of Sounds. A true gift to the year 2021! This combined effort with Russian funk band The Soul Surfers presses into layers of psychedelic funk listening. Such fantastic piano improvisation from Janko, the Soul Surfers rhythm section surrounding him like old friends, falling organically in a world of sound alongside him. The electric piano, organ, and guitar comps take this track to a new level of revisited vintage sound. As with all of Janko’s work, an entire world is created with broad musical brush strokes. This song feels like swimming through a dreamscape; or maybe a mid afternoon drive through the countryside with the windows down, the faintly sweet scent of roadside wildflowers drifting across the passenger seat. But perhaps these worlds are the same :)“
Mabe Fratti - En Medio
Sarah: “We are still caught on Mabe Fratti’s music, perhaps even more after her MailTape appearance in September :) This track brings waves of peace with each listen. Mabe’s subtle meld of synths alongside steady sections of cello create the perfect space for delicate yet powerful vocals to harmonize and weave across each other. The burgeoning bass of the combined cello and synths offer something healing, near consuming to the listener. As with the entire Será Que Ahora Podremos Entendernos album, one falls into the world this track creates.“
Nino Nardini Eddie Warner Roger Roger - Beyond the Clouds
Sarah: “An experimental track to close this morning’s playlist :) Holding our hand into the cosmos, the synths here build onto each other in delightful tangles, a wonderful compliment to a bassline that could make your head spin. The song ends just as easily as it began, almost like a daydream :)“
That’s all for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Our love to Janko Nilović for his eccentric and surprising Sunday selections, and many thanks to our very talented Jason Pridham for this episode’s brilliant illustration !
Sarah.Top “Black” Hookup Websites (#18-19)
Read more about the best hookup website here.
Guess why? Right, you need to pay more to continue.. If you yearn a committed romantic relationship – where you actively spend time together at home on dates or anywhere – then you’re probably looking to date someone.)....
One of the lesser known things about Tinder is that the vast majority of attention on the app goes to a very small percentage of the people using it..
But we would like to destroy this myth and to show that you have an opportunity to find a partner and not to overpay for it. Initiating a hookup online can be a little trickier. You won’t really know if someone is going to be open to your advances until you’ve made your play. Their dating profile may say they’re “up for anything,” but they may not find your compliment flattering or your profile attractive..
- When you’re feeling frisky, you don’t need a matchmaker to get you in a relationship — you need the best hookup sites in town to introduce you to sexually active dates.
- You can only message or interact with people who have swiped right for you too and it is not this popular without a reason.
- Like most sites, there is a free version, but it’s worthless — AKA you’re gonna need to pay to do anything.
- Sometimes you just do not feel ready for commitment.
Want to hook up? So do about a billion other people, and they’re all on hook-up and dating apps. It isn’t just Tinder, anymore. There’s an app for your personality type, your job status, and your level of dedication to the dating game.. It’s full of easy-to-use interactive features like steamy chat rooms, some of which which you can access for free, but you’ll need to pay to send messages and view full pictures on people’s profiles. You can also browse profiles within your local area so a hookup is never too far away.
WHAT CRITERIA COMPRISE OUR RATING.
We’ve reviewed dozens of sites to help you get a feel for the best options out there, but you don’t have to stick to our list to hook up with someone special. Tinder is an effective dating platform for casual and serious dat..
Does Craigslist have Personals anymore?
Craigslist will no longer display personal ads on its website after the Senate voted to pass the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act yesterday. The bill means websites will be held liable for hosting sex trafficking content.Mar 23, 2018“Personally, I do not care whether or not women ever sit in the Senate, but we fought for the privilege for them to do so. We sought to establish the personal individuality of women and this decision is the announcement of our victory.
— Henrietta Muir Edwards, 1929
A September visit to the Famous 5 Centre of Canadian Women housed in the Nellie McClung replica home at Heritage Park, Calgary, reminded me of the above statement.
Voting is a privilege I’ve never taken for granted, particularly after travelling in countries where women either had no rights, or their rights were severely curtailed.
Canvassing for my preferred candidate in recent Canadian elections was an eye-opener. Frequently I heard: I don’t vote; my husband deals with this; I know nothing about politics; all politicians are crooked.
It was tough not to do battle with such comments on doorsteps.
Democracy, imperfect though it might be, at least offers an opportunity to publicly defend our (differing) opinions. The Famous 5 Centre reminds us of why five Canadian women successfully fought for their right to be in the Senate, and why their work on our behalf should never be taken lightly.
Today’s increased focus on racial and religious intolerance gave the Anne Frank exhibit even more impact, if such a thing is possible. Like most people my age, the discovery of Anne’s diary after Nazis raided the Frank family Amsterdam hideaway remains a familiar and heart-wrenching story.
Photographs and texts retain their poignancy, horror, and inhumanity. The post-war recording of Anne’s father, Otto Frank, being interviewed still makes listeners weep. As the only surviving member of the family he offers some insight into the story, including his reactions to his daughter’s innermost diarized thoughts during her short teenage years.
Understandably, he simply said, “It took me a long time to read it.”
Anne yearned to be a journalist, so his permission to eventually publish The Diary of Anne Frank fulfilled her dream, even though posthumously.
As stated in the exhibit: This exhibition will challenge visitors to think about concepts of inclusiveness, mutual respect, human rights, and democracy.
Heritage Park, Canada’s largest living history museum site, sits 15 minutes from Calgary and is divided into different segments. For more than one visit an annual pass is worth the investment. The Heritage Town Square and Gasoline Alley (a two-level indoor automobile museum) are open year round. The Historical Village is only open May to October.
We visited the day before my youngest granddaughter’s fourth birthday so she and the family fully indulged in the fun-fair, as well as sailing on the S.S. Moyie, a colourful half-size replica sternwheeler of the gold rush original built in 1898. Had it not been for a Ferris wheel sighting, her preference might have been to spend the day riding the narrow gauge steam train.
For me, I delight in visiting the reclaimed and restored Prairie Synagogue, as well as the replica Strathmore Standard building. The sight and clanking sound of the old linotype machine brings back memories of my first years in journalism.
Newspaper production has come a long way in 50 years!
Gasoline Alley, a year-round indoor attraction, offers auto enthusiasts 1950s automobile eye-candy as well as signage and gas pumps to revive memories of yesteryear. Youngsters also get a chance to test-drive the mini-race track and learn what changing gears really meant.
We ran out of time to fully explore the First Nations Encampment and 1860s Fur Trading Post. No doubt the family will return to rectify that next summer. If you go, check full Heritage Park details at heritagepark.ca.
Ursula Maxwell-Lewis is the founding publisher and managing editor of the Cloverdale Reporter. Contact her at utravel@shaw.ca.
editor@cloverdalereporter.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter- Physical Therapy
- Hand Therapy
- Therapeutic Exercises
- Rotator Cuff Tendonitis
- Rotator Cuff Tear
- Tennis Elbow
- Golfers Elbow
- Fractures and Dislocations
- Fractures
- Dislocations
- Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
- Ligament Injuries (Game Keeper Thumb)
- Tendon Injuries
- Muscle Strain
- Rib Injuries
- Posture In Stability
- Lumbar Spine (Lower Back)
- Disk Injuries
Physical_2<<
Rotator Cuff Tendinosis
Rot
Since the blood supply to tendons is rather low, recovery time can sometimes take up to three to six months, depending on the severity of your tendinosis and proactiveness in seeking medical attention. Through physical therapy and other treatments prescribed by Joints in Motion Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation, we work hard to get you feeling better and fully recovered as quickly as possible.
At Joints in Motion Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation, (718) 652-3432 to request your appointment at Joints in Motion Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation.
Tennis Elbow
Also (718) 652-3432 to request your appointment at Joints in Motion Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation with our chiropractor.
Golfer’s Elbow
While engage in weight strengthening and frequently stretch the affected arm.
If you are experiencing the symptoms mentioned above or suffering from golfer’s elbow, call us today at (718) 652-3432 to request your appointment at Joints in Motion Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation with our chiropractor.
>>IMAGE.Parliamentary business has been set aside this afternoon to pay tribute to Sir David Amess following his tragic death.
A minute’s silence followed by a statement from the speaker will commence at 14:30pm. MPs will stay gathered in the House of Commons to pay tribute, ahead of a service being held at St Margaret’s Church next to Parliament.
Sir David Amess was the MP for Southend West. He was holding a constituency surgery in Leigh-on-Sea on Friday 15th when he was fatally stabbed.
MPs across the UK have expressed their grief and condolences for the family of Sir Amess with outcry at the murder of another MP. Julian Sturdy, a Conservative Member of Parliament for York Outer, has released several tweets on the death of the MP.
Prior to the announcement that Sir Amess had died at the scene, Sturdy stated that he was: “Shocked and horrified at the appalling news that my colleague Sir David Amess MP has been stabbed while serving his constituents at a surgery. Thoughts and prayers are with him and his family at this terrible time.”
He later followed up with a dedication towards Sir Amess’s character: “A true gentleman respected across the House by all colleagues. A passionate advocate for his constituents and the issues they cared about.” Julian Sturdy will be attending Parliament today and participating in the coming up services for Sir Amess.
Other York and surrounding area MPs have released statements over the death of Sir Amess. Fellow conservative MPs Nigel Adams and Kevin Hollinrake are among them.
MP Nigel Adams (Selby and Ainsty) said: “Sir David was a wonderfully kind colleague. A true gent who always had a smile on his face, he was respected and liked across the House. He was the best of constituency MPs but most importantly, a devoted husband and father. My thoughts and prayers are with his family.”
Whilst MP Kevin Hollinrake (Thirsk and Malton) stated: ” As someone who was so dedicated to his constituents, I can’t believe that Sir David Amess would want to see any major changes to the way MPs go about their business to result from the crazed action of a few extremists/extremism. Business as usual.”
Sir David Amess was the second MP murdered in five years. Following the death of Jo Cox who at the time of her death was a serving MP for Batley and Spen in the Labour Party. Jo Cox was on her way to do hold a routine constituency surgery where she was shot and stabbed, later passing away in Leeds General Infirmary. Sir Amess’s coat of arms is to be placed next to hers as a sign of respect.
Labour MP Rachael Maskell tweeted: “Kindness and love – let that be the new politics”
The proceedings will start at 14:30pm and broadcast live on parliamentlive.tv
Music Cassettes
Music cassettes have been around for years and will now show signs of wear. Some tapes have degraded and start to flake, making them unplayable. You may have a special compilation that you have put together or music that has sentimental values. Revive those old cassettes to CD or MP3, whether they are pre-recorded or a special compilation.
You have the right to back up any recordings you own and the cost to transfer is only 50p per track to CD. This includes song label and basic clean.Hypertension is a serious disease in which the blood pressure becomes very high. Normal blood pressure levels can be considered as the systolic reading less than 120 and diastolic reading less than 80. If the blood pressure becomes more than this reading, the patient is said to be suffering from hypertension. Following a healthy lifestyle helps in controlling this problem. It also helps in avoiding the use of medicines. You can control the blood pressure even without medicines. We will give you some tips for this.
Following Are The Top 15 Ways To Lower Your Blood Pressure Without Drugs
Drink Tea And Coffee
Drinking tea helps in controlling the problem of hypertension. You can also improve your health by drinking coffee. The intake of tea should be 4 cups per day. Studies have shown that tea does reduce the blood pressure levels.
Drink Beetroot Juice
It is possible to reduce blood pressure by drinking beetroot juice. Beetroot is a healthy salad vegetable that contains high amounts of nitrates, which can decrease blood pressure. Thus, you should drink beetroot juice daily. You can take one-cup juice daily.
Eat Banana
Banana is a healthy fruit that helps in reducing blood pressure levels. The fruit contains high amounts of potassium, a nutrient that controls hypertension. A single banana contains four hundred and twenty two milligrams potassium. Thus, you should eat banana.
Eat Potassium Rich Foods
Apart from banana, you can also eat other potassium rich foods that reduce blood pressure. Eat high potassium vegetables like potato, peas and sweet potato. Take dry fruits like raisins. It is beneficial to take tomato, prunes, cantaloupe and orange juice.
Take Low Salt Foods
Eating salty foods increases the blood pressure. You should take less amount of salt in the diet. Eat low salt foods. The daily intake of salt should be less than two thousand and three hundred milligrams. Avoid pickles, sauces and processed foods since it has very high salt.
Take Low Sugar Foods
Sugary foods are very harmful for hypertension patients. Avoid all types of sugary foods and drinks like chocolates, desserts, puddings, candies and cakes. Don’t take sugary drinks like fruit juice, colas and soft drinks. Take foods that contain less amount of sugar.
Eat Yogurt
You can prevent and control hypertension by eating yogurt. Yogurt is a healthy dairy food that contains calcium, a nutrient that improves the health of blood vessels thus controlling blood pressure levels. Include yogurt in the daily diet.
Avoid Refined Foods
Grains made of refined flour increase the blood sugar levels and it is unhealthy for blood pressure. Avoid foods made with refined grains like white bread and rice. Instead of this, you can take brown bread and brown rice. Don’t eat pasta. It is healthy to eat whole grains.
Eat Fatty Fish
Non-vegetarian people can control their blood pressure levels by eating fatty fish. The fish contains omega 3 fats that help in decreasing triglyceride levels. Eating fish like salmon and tuna can improves heart health in hypertension patients. You should eat fish two times every week. Fish contains protein also.
Control Your Weight
Obesity increases the risk of hypertension. Controlling the body weight can help in preventing this problem. Reducing even ten pounds weight is useful for improving health. Try to decrease the waist size. Men should have waist less than forty inches while women should have waist size less than thirty-five inches.
Do Regular Exercise
Regular exercise is a must for preventing and controlling high blood pressure problem. Walking is the easiest exercise for which you don’t need any equipment and training. Brisk walking for half an hour daily can help in controlling the blood pressure. If you can’t walk for half an hour, walking for ten minutes will also help a lot. You can do other exercises like cycling and swimming.
Control Stress
Stress can worsen the condition of hypertension patients. Mental tensions and emotional problems are the leading cause of health problems including high blood pressure. Learn to manage stress by listening to music and relaxing the mind. Do meditation. Learn techniques of stress management.
Do Deep Breathing
Deep breathing is an easy way to reduce formation of stress hormones in our body thus helping in controlling blood pressure. Take in deep breaths allowing the stomach to expand. Take out deep breaths. Feel the tension reducing while exhaling. Do this for five minutes twice daily.
Quit Smoking
Smoking is a major risk factor of high blood pressure. The cigarette contains harmful ingredients like tobacco that increase the blood pressure. You can prevent and control hypertension by avoiding smoking. Take steps to quit the habit.
Quit Alcohol
Alcohol is another bad addiction that can cause hypertension. It is very harmful for liver and kidneys. Due to this, extra fluid is deposited in our organs thus worsening the problem of blood pressure. Thus, you should avoid this addiction. Quit alcohol completely.
Caution: Please use Home Remedies after Proper Research and Guidance. You accept that you are following any advice at your own risk and will properly research or consult healthcare professional.Austin— Grassroots Leadership and Just Futures Law today called on the Austin City Council to take proactive steps to ban law enforcement’s use of facial recognition software following a series of exposés on the company Clearview AI.
Clearview AI’s facial recognition tool allows for instantaneous identification and tracking of people by law enforcement. Clearview AI has amassed database of over three billion facial scans by scraping photos from websites like Facebook and Twitter, and storing user images without permission. This database is then sold to law enforcement departments, government agencies, and private companies across the world. Multiple lawsuits allege that Clearview’s surveillance technology violates privacy rights and facilitates government monitoring of protesters, immigrants, and communities of color. The company also has troubling ties to the far-right.
Today, Buzzfeed News published a bombshell report and an interactive database showing more than 7,000 individuals and 2,000 public agencies had accessed the database of images maintained by Clearview AI.
Approximately 100 local law enforcement agencies in Texas may have had officers access the Clearview AI database. The database, whose accuracy Buzzfeed said Clearview would neither confirm nor deny, listed between 11-50 searches stemming from the Austin Police Department (APD).
APD responded to Buzzfeed that its “Police Technology Unit is not familiar with this company and has not worked with them.” However, Buzzfeed also reported that many law enforcement leaders were unaware that employees were using the Clearview database.
In Austin, local advocates and legal experts are calling on City officials to address the report, investigate whether APD officers used the software, and ban the use of facial recognition software by local law enforcement agencies and federal agencies like Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), which used the database more than 2,200 times as of February 2020.
“Clearview AI’s software has the potential to completely destroy privacy as we know it, adding to the criminalization that is already widespread in communities of color,” said Claudia Muñoz, co-Executive Director of Austin-based Grassroots Leadership. “Austin needs to be proactive about this and ban the use of facial recognition software amongst its employees, especially law enforcement agencies.”
“Communities in Austin and beyond should be able to lead their lives without the fear of surveillance and criminalization,” said Julie Mao, attorney at Just Futures Law, a law project working to support grassroots organizations. “Police departments that deploy Clearview AI make it impossible to walk down the street without fear that your likeness can be captured by the company, and used against you any time in the future. There can be no meaningful privacy in a society with Clearview AI.”
# # #.Hulu Now Easier To Watch In Bed, On Couch [Silicon Alley Insider]
Is Hulu looking to become a set-top experience? It's a good question in the wake of the popular long-form online video portal's announcement yesterday of Hulu Desktop, a desktop PC and Mac application that provides a set-top like menu environment for streaming Hulu's television shows and movies from a computer desktop. In fact, Hulu Desktop bears a striking resemblance to the open-source Boxee software, which has had a long running dispute with Hulu over the ability of Boxee to stream Hulu content.
Though Hulu isn't promoting the software as an interface for connecting one's computer to a television to stream their content directly to the television screen, it appears they might as well be doing just that. Hulu is promoting the ability of Hulu Desktop to be able to respond to commands from an Apple Remote or Windows Media Center remote control.
Why would one want to use a remote control to control the application on their computer? If they've connected their computer to a television, of course. Due to the sensitive nature of Hulu's ownership relationship with networks, who receive substantial portions of their revenues from cable providers, Hulu is not promoting the use of the application for this purpose. But, it's pretty clear that's the direction they want their tech-savvy users to take it. Hulu maintains the ability to serve up commercials, both streamed and display advertising within the Hulu Desktop application.
It's going to be interesting to see how this move by Hulu plays out with content producers with programming on Hulu and with Boxee. One blogger is already calling Hulu's move to block Boxee anti-competitive. For the record, here's a video describing the Hulu Desktop software.
Recent CommentsGaming
Doom Eternal and Elder Scrolls Online will be coming to next-gen consoles!
Bethesda announced the availability of Doom Eternal and Elder Scrolls Online on next-gen consoles, i.e, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
The company announced the next-gen ports in a post that was posted on their website. The statement also noted that players who already own or buy games on either Xbox One or PlayStation 4 will be updated to the next-gen models free of charge.
Bethesda said it is hard to make sure that both titles are backward compatible when the new consoles are launched. More information about the next-gen version of both games, such as the planned release dates and several updates, will arrive in the coming weeks and months.
Bethesda stated in the announcement that “we are committed to offering regular upgrades to current-generation console owners of popular Bethesda brands so we will bring on to the new generation of consoles”. However, the company noted that it has not received any specific information on other next-gen ports yet.
These are only two games that have been reported to receive such free updates and improvements for the PS5 and Xbox Series X.
Also Read: Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout – Release Date and Gameplay!
The company did not specify when the games would be released on the next-gen consoles. But noted that current game owners would be allowed to update to the game’s Xbox Series X or PS5 models when they release. It’s still focusing on making both titles backward compliant on next-gen devices when they’re released later this year.
One will likely get more detail on what the Xbox Series X and PS5 versions of these titles will be able to do at this year’s QuakeCon. It’s taking place from 7 to 9 August and will be broadcast online due to the current Covid-19 pandemic. The program will feature round-the-clock programming, as well as live streams, competitions, fundraising,...Discover digital marketing agencies in Hattiesburg, Mississippi
Select from 4 agencies to find the perfect fit for your business
Show me agencies offering:
Digital marketing services in Hattiesburg
Hattiesburg is a large city in Forrest County, which is situated within the US state of Mississippi. As the county seat of the area, is nicknamed ‘The Hub City’ and is home to a number of key businesses which operate across the state. If you are looking for a professional which can help your business achieve its goals, a marketing company in Hattiesburg will be the ideal partner. We have scoured the area to find the most experienced agencies which provide everything from PPC in Hattiesburg to web design in Hattiesburg. This resource will also provide you with links to their websites and contact details.
Top Digital Marketing Agencies in Hattiesburg
Top Local SEO Agencies in Hattiesburg
Top PPC Agencies in Hattiesburg
Top SEO Agencies in Hattiesburg
Top Web Design Agencies in Hattiesburg<<Patient Resources
Helping You Stay In Touch
Alabama Artificial Limb & Orthopedic Service, Inc. is committed to our community and our profession. We hope that the following links will provide you with information on topics of interest.
Amputee Coalition
Whether you’re a new amputee or have been an amputee for several years, Amputee Coalition is always providing information and topics to those that are interested.
Challenged Athletes Foundation
They can assist those with physical disabilities by providing opportunities and support through physical fitness and competitive athletics.
Vocational Rehabilitation Services
Each state offers services to assist people with disabilities and help them secure a job in the field of their choice. In some cases, they provide financial assistance for orthotic and/or prosthetic device(s).Related Discussions
Best glue for glass
I'm adding glass beads/pebbles to a mirror and am finding it difficult to get the right glue. Any advice
How can I decorate kitchen canisters?
I found a set of canisters at the Salv Boutique aka Salvation Army.I want to mod podge some fabric on them. So I need to paint the canisters first so the image doesn'... See more
How do I make the aluminum balls?
With the microwave + sandpaper.
Bowl made of buttons
Just saw it earlier and can't find it again
How do I make a 3-D photo moon lamp?
how do i make the 3d moon lamp with the pic in it
How can I make the fluorescent office lights look pretty or cool?
I have this lighting in the soon to be man cave. It used to be a tax office hence the lighting. Can I put dimmers on the light switch? Stained glass spray paint the o... See more
Ideas for a room divider? Please help!
Use E6000 clear doesn't take much great glue ..
Hi, Maybe ,double sided sticky tape?
Constantine,. Try using a hot glue gun to make them stick. Aloha!
I take a small birthday type candle and drip a dot of wax where the decoration is to go and then put it on. Hold it there briefly to make sure that it will stay fixed on the candle.Pressure is growing against homoeopathy in the UK while it booms in India, says a two-part Special Report in this week's edition of The Lancet.
In the first part of the Special Report, Lancet senior editor Udani Samarasekera looks at the anti-homoeopathy momentum which has been building for the past two-years in the UK. The latest subject to irk anti-homoeopathy campaigners is a symposium on the role of homoeopathy in HIV/AIDS treatment which will take place in London on December 1, organised by the Society of Homeopaths. Michael Baum, professor emeritus of surgery at University College London (UCL) and frequent critic of homoeopathy, believes homoeopaths are getting overconfident. He says: "People say homoeopathy cannot do any harm but when it is being promoted for HIV then there is a serious problem."
Both Baum and his UCL colleague, professor of pharmacology David Colquhoun, are among a group of doctors and scientists who, last May, sent a letter to all Primary Care Trusts in the UK to raise their concerns about homoeopathy on the National Health Service (NHS). And their campaign seems to be having an effect, since in September West Kent Primary Care Trust stopped NHS funding for the Tunbridge Wells Homeopathic Hospital, one of five hospitals that provide homoeopathy on the NHS. Referrals to the London Homeopathic Hospital are also down compared with last year.
However, homoeopathy remains ever popular with the public, with the 2007 market estimated to be worth £38 million, expected to rise to £46 million in 2012. Baum thinks this public support could be due to the mistaken belief that homoeopathy is herbal medicine. He says:  â€œunethical and patronising."
To the dismay of many scientists and doctors, homoeopathy has received some unexpected support recently -- in the form of regulations from the UK Medicines and Regulatory Agency. However, unlike conventional medicines, to obtain a licence, manufacturers only need to provide safety evidence and information on what the remedy is traditionally used for. Baum believes the only way forward is for the UK's National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) to assess homoeopathy and issue guidelines. The UK Department of Health told The Lancet that NICE already consider complementary therapies alongside conventional treatments when developing clinical guidelines -- yet none of NICE's existing clinical guidelines recommend homoeopathy for any condition.
In the second part of the Special Report, journalist Raekha Prasad looks at the booming homoeopathy industry in India, where 100 million people depend solely on this form of therapy for their health care. It refers to the case of a man who sold his tractor to pay the 150000 rupees (£1800) to pay for a miracle homoeopathic cure for HIV, which, not surprisingly, had no effect, and his condition deteriorated.
SP Singh, the Indian ministry of health and welfare's advisor on homoeopathy, told The Lancet that homoeopathy does not give side effects, and that a small amount of medicine can serve a lot of people. And despite evidence to the contrary, Singh says "homoeopathy has a biological effect, and that all homoeopathic medicines are therapeutically proven." India is arguably unique in to extent to which it has recognised homoeopathy as a legitimate system of medicine.
This second part of the special report also draws attention to cross-practising -- where Indian doctors trained only in alternative medicine prescribe modern pharmaceutical drugs. It adds that the homoeopathic boom in India is being driven by wealthy Indians, who see it as a route to well-being.
In a related Comment, journalist and medical doctor Ben Goldacre, of the Guardian newspaper, London, UK, says homeopathy raises serious ethical issues: "When a health-care practitioner of any description prescribes a pill which they know is no more effective than placebo - without disclosing that fact to their patient - then they disregard both informed consent and their patients' autonomy."
He says homoeopaths irresponsibly undermine evidence based medical interventions to promote their own remedies, and points to evidence of homeopaths undermining public health campaigns, advising parents against the MMR vaccine, and offering ineffective homoeopathic prophylaxis for malaria, a fatal disease.
He discusses the fact that alternative therapy journals hardly ever publish negative studies, and that adherents "cherry-pick" only positive studies. "An observational study which amounts to little more than a customer satisfaction survey is promoted as if it trumps a string of randomised trials," he says.
In muddying the waters to promote their pills, homoeopaths undermine the public's understanding of what it is for a treatment to be evidence based. "This approach feels particularly egregious when academics are working harder than ever to engage the wider public in a genuine understanding of research, and when most good doctors try to educate and involve their patients, transparently, in the selection of treatment options."
He adds that these problems with homoeopathy "are exacerbated by society's eagerness to endorse the healing claims of homoeopaths, and by the lack of a culture of critical self-appraisal in alternative medicine."
Goldacre concludes: "To ban homoeopathy would be an over-reaction, as placebos could have a clinical role. However, whether the placebo effect is best harnessed by homoeopaths will remain questionable until these ethical issues and side-effects have been addressed."
The Lancet Press Office: T) +44 (0) 20 7424 4949 E) pressoffice@lancet.com
Raekha Prasad, Journalist, E) raekhaprasad@yahoo.co.uk
Ben Goldacre, Journalist and Medical Doctor, The Guardian, London, UK. Contact by email only E) ben@badscience.netFor more information:
Journal
The Lancet- International Partnerships
- Equipping
- Our Blog
- Donate
A story from Ukraine:
Answered prayers
Kids love to fix things. In Pryazovs'ke, Ukraine they have the opportunity to work on bicycles. As they grow older, they even learn to repair cars. While they develop their skills, they help their community. All of this is made possible by the generosity of strangers.
In Canada, the Tiegen family experienced the loss of a husband and father. Usually, friends and family bring flowers, meals and support to a funeral. But this family asked their attendants to donate money as a way of honoring the memory of their loved one.
The Priazovje Orphanage had never met the Tiegens. At that point, they were only dreaming about building a workshop for the kids. But the Lord saw it all. As the Tiegen family prayed, He laid it on their hearts to send the money to Ukraine. So the memory of Mark Tiegen continued to live.
“And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love Him, who have been called according to His purpose.”
— Romans 8:28The Jenks Six Week Cholesterol Challenge (Rolling Sign up)
Time & Location
About the Event
The Jenks Center invites you to take on the Cholesterol Challenge by eating healthier and staying active. The Jenks nurse will get a fasting, baseline cholesterol finger stick and send you home with educational material, recipe booklet, food entry journal, and a grocery gift card to buy some healthy, cholesterol fighting foods. You have 6 weeks to amend your lifestyle and get that cholesterol down.
At the end of 6 weeks you will have another fasting cholesterol check and also have a greater knowledge on healthy living for a healthy heart!
Call Colleen at The Jenks Center 781-721-7136 for appointment. This is a rolling sign up so we still have appointments available! (Maximum number of participants is 30). Must be fasting 8 hours prior to testing!
Eligibility Requirements: Current dx of Hypercholesterolemia (high cholesterol) and cannot be on any cholesterol lowering medications.
There is no charge. Generously made possible by a grant from the Winchester HospitalDescription
Commercial Lot in high desirable Sunnyside Rd area. Plans available commercial building and live and work building
- 0BEDS
- 0.58ACRES
- 0BATHS
- 01/2 BATHS
School Ratings & Info
Description
Commercial Lot in high desirable Sunnyside Rd area. Plans available commercial building and live and work building.Products
Showing 1–24 of 150 results
Extra Long MatchesR130 Add to cart
Grid LifterR516 Add to cart
Grilling ApronRead more
Kitchen ShearsR324 Add to cart
Modular Nest Expansion CabinetRead more
SpeediClean™ Cooking Grid CleanerR268 Add to cart
SpeediClean™ Exterior Ceramic CleanerR268 Add to cart
SpeediClean™ Palmyra Bristle Dual Brush Grid and Pizza Stone ScrubberR488 Add to cart
Stainless Steel Wide SpatulaRead more
Universal-Fit EGG Cover BR1,526 Add to cart
Universal-Fit EGG Cover CR1,878 Add to cart
2XLARGE Big Green EggR51,650 Add to cart
XLARGE Big Green EggR32,950 Add to cart
LARGE Big Green EggR23,570 Read more
MINIMAX Big Green EggR15,780 Add to cart
Build your 2XLARGE Big Green EggFrom R51,650 Select options
Build your XLARGE Big Green EggFrom R32,950 Select options
Build your LARGE Big Green Egg BundleFrom R23,570 Select options
Build your MINIMAX BundleFrom R15,780 Select options
IntEGGrated Nest + Handler for 2XLARGE EGGR8,910 Read more
IntEGGrated Nest + Handler for XLarge EGGR8,080 Read more
IntEGGrated Nest + Handler for Large EGGR6,800 Read more
Nest for XLarge EGG (with 2 locking casters)R4,610 Add to cart
Nest for Large EGG (with 2 locking casters)R4,220 Add to cart
Free Shipping
Free shipping over R500
Secure Payment
We offer safe shopping guarantee
Limited Lifetime warranty
*External ceramics only
Online Support
We support online from 8am-5pmand your face
I do know well
every breath breathes
farewell
it's so still
no soul could tell
but one day
like this
the angels fell
and it's never quite what it seems
and it bleeds
this setting sun
and my arms ache
from holding on
let it go
this dying light
makes it hard to tell
wrong from right
and it's never quite what it seems
all the shadows of our doubts
and the light that burns too bright
soon burns out
and your face
you do know well
that the race is lost
hold still
'cause the first
shall be the last
those that burn with thirst
will lift their glass
and it's never quite what it seemsExplore CAAMA
CAAMA Filter
Click filter name to remove
- Clear All
- National Museum of African American History and Culture only
- topic: "Business"
- place: "North and Central America"
- place: "2935 Wylie Avenue, Hill District"
- online-visual-material: true
- object-type: "Photographs"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Photography"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Film and Video"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Audio Recordings"
- place: "United States"
- unit-code: ("NMAAHC")What can happen ifIdo business without a license?
Get Legal Help Today
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
What can happen ifIdo business without a license?
I started a bussenes to do HVAC work. Now I realize that I have to have a state mechanical license to do this type of work. What should I do?
Asked on January 28, 2012 under Business Law, Michigan
Answers:
Shawn Jackson / The Jackson Law Firm, P.C.
Answered 9 years ago | Contributor
You are subject to a variety of penalties and issues. So, you will want to obtain the license ASAP. Depending upon the type and extent of work you have already provided, it would be wise to speak to an attorney.
By Grace...
Shawn Jackson ESQ. (707) 584-4529Â
Business Development Attorney EMAIL: [email protected]
Â
Â
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â No communication resulting herein shall create an attorney-client relationship unless a separate retainer agreement is signed by attorney and client. The information provided neither isÂ.CentOS 6 (old, i'm working on it), ISPConfig 3.2.5 (3.2.6 causes issues) - running well for months/years. I needed to add a couple aliasdomains to an existing website. I did so using the following settings: domain = alias domain (myaliassite.com) parent = main domain (mymainsite.com) redirect type = R redirect path = auto-subdomain = none seo redirect = no redirect no ssl = unchecked active = checkedI immediately started getting the following message via email whenever I made changes trying to get it to work (the above settings are the final settings that worked - rather touchy): dns.myserver.com - 19.11.2021-09:23 - WARNING - Apache did not restart after the configuration change for website mymainsite.com. Reverting the configuration. Saved non-working config as /etc/httpd/conf/sites-available/mymainsite.com.vhost.erra diff between the vhost config file and the vhost.err config file yield only the following added to the vhost.err file RewriteEngine on RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^myaliassite\.com$ [NC] RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} !^/\.well-known/acme-challenge/ RewriteRule ^/(.*)$ [R] i tried restarting httpd manually, and get the following (different) complaint: Starting httpd: [Fri Nov 19 14:58:38 2021] [warn] NameVirtualHost *:443 has no VirtualHosts [Fri Nov 19 14:58:38 2021] [warn] NameVirtualHost *:80 has no VirtualHosts (98)Address already in use: make_sock: could not bind to address 0.0.0.0:80 no listening sockets available, shutting down Unable to open logsand yet, it's still serving web pages from mymainsite.com AND myaliassite.com, as well as other sites. and a status check on httpd says "httpd is stopped" i checked httpd.conf and ServerRoot is set to "/etc/httpd", and ErrorLog path is set to "logs/error_log", CustomLog is set to "logs/access_log combined", and when put together, both files exist. both are owned by root.root and have perms of 644 i don't know where .well-known is located, but I assume it's the SSL location, and the sites that are active are also working via HTTPS, so i'm assuming that's good too. any thoughts on what could have caused this to all muck up? thanks.How we helped Salesforce develop their customer understanding
How do you research radical creative ideas – without destroying them?
Uncovering the psychology of the supermarket shopper
Segmenting the modern football supporter
An agile community allows for an iterative development approach
Using Behavioural Economics to understand behaviour – and change it
A classic online community is set up to provide a cost-effective stream of insights
How do you develop a strategy to thrive in an unknown future?
Review of SME Policy in the Republic of Moldova
This section reviews SME policy in the Republic of Moldova according to the ten principles of the Small business Act (SBA). The Small Business Act (SBA), which was developed by the European Commission and was adopted in June 2008, seeks to “guide the conception and implementation” of SME policy (EC, 2008a) for the European Commission as well as for the member states. Such a methodology allows benchmarking of the state of SME policy in the Republic of Moldova against reforms that have been made in the European Union. The OECD is currently conducting a number of regional reviews following a similar framework. Once the results of these assessments are available, comparison with the other economies in the region will also be possible.
- Click to access:
- Click to download PDF - 553.84KBPDF
- Click to Read online and shareREADChoke.
API 7K.
4 6.48 7,500 15,000 Grade E 18,750 60 25.8 90 flexible connection between the top of …
MUD DELIVERY AND CEMENT HOSES GRADE D TEMPERATURE (-25°C to +100°C) (-13°F to +212°F) CONSTRUCTION Tube Black Nitrile Rubber Reinforcement Multiple layers of textile fabric and steel cable Cover PCR STANDARDS API 7K 6th Edition FSL1 and FSL2, ISO 47693, ABS Type Approvals COUPLINGS Crimped(FSL1) and Bonded(FSL2) Flexible connection between standpipe and top drive/swivel or …
22/3/2018·. Working pressure: 7500 psi Burst pressure: 18750 psi Temperature range: -20° C
ROTARY DRILLING/VIBRATOR HOSE API 7K Grade D/FSL 1 & ISO 14693 Key Features Highly robust and flexible, compact spiral hose structure - Extremely high ozone, weather and abrasion resistant hose cover - Flame retardant (MSHA) and antistatic properties - Coupling solution uses a distinctive double skive, crimped-on hose fitting, creating a highly robust, safe connection. Multiple Solutions - One
World Rig Supply Houston TX hose & flow line 2" 10,000 psi w.p hose. 2" STAINLESS CHOKE AND KILL HOSE 10,000 psi w.p 10,000 PSI W.P \ 15,000 PSI TEST . also as a 2" 10,000 psi w.p hydraulic/cementing hose for more flexible appliions. Features Armor : .015 heavy duty Stainless Steel
Cementing Hoses 5K, 10K: Oil Well Cementing: API 7K:: 1 and 2 Braided Hydraulic Hose : SAE J 517 - EN 857: DH 241 series : 2 Braided
Camco Flexible Camper Drain Tap with Hose System for RVs Campers and Trailers, Easy Connection and Set Up (37420) $19.69. In stock soon. Order it now. Ships from and sold by . FREE Shipping on orders over $25.00. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1 . Previous page. 3/8" ID Silicon Tubing, JoyTube Food Grade Silicon Tubing 3/8" ID x 1/2" OD.
standards for high pressure rubber hoses and flexible pipes - API 7K, API 16C and API 17K. Using top quality raw materials, sophistied process control and the very latest R&D systems and processes, our expert teams are able to draw on a comprehensive knowledge base,ranging from material science, mathematics, and physics to advanced engineering and work together with our customers to offer
16,000 บาท16,000บาท. สี. ขนาด. 2CDXM 70/10 2CDXM 70/12 2CDXM 70/15 2CDXM 70/20 2CDXM 120/15 2CDXM 120/20. จำนวน. - +. เพิ่มเข้าตะกร้า.
hose length calculation specified in API 7L, Section A.1.1, to determine the optimum length of a rotary hose for any given appliion to avoid over-bending, high axial load or compression during operation.Retreatment Botanics Purifying Gel CleanserRegular price $44.00
DEEPLY CLEANSED AND FRESH, HYDRATED SKIN.
A purifying gel cleanser that freshly hydrates your skin while gently removing impurities, excess oil and environmental pollution. This pure performance formula features the brightening native Snow flower,.
THE RESULT
Fresh, clean skin that feels hydrated and balanced.
KEY ACTIVES
Snowflower, Kakadu Plum, Olive Leaf, Green Papaya enzymes.
SKIN TYPE
Oily, combination & normal skin.
Ingredients:
Aloe barbadensis (Aloe Vera) Leaf Juice, Sodium Laurylglucosides Hydroxypropylsulfonate (Natural surfactant), Decyl Glucoside, Glycerine (Plant-based), Terminalia ferdinandiana (Kakadu Plum) Extract, Olea europaea (Olive) Leaf Extract, Melaluca alternifolia (Tea Tree) Leaf Extract, Citrus bergamia (Bergamot) Leaf Oil, Citrus nobilis (Mandarin) Peel Oil, Citrus paradise (Grapefruit) Seed Oil, Rosa damascena (Anatolian Rose) Flower Oil, Citrus aurantium dulcis (Sweet Orange) Peel Oil, Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Papain (Papaya Enzyme), Xanthan Gum, Guar Gum, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Lactic Acid. Naturally occurring in essential oils: Limonene, Linal.Calvin Klein Says Kate Moss Was Difficult
Calvin Klein gave an interview recently and was asked about Kate Moss and her time with Calvin Klein. Remember, this is the nice version. I'm sure if it wasn't an interview that Calvin Klein would have some really interesting things to say about Kate.
Apparently Kate was a great model, but everything else about her was not so great. Specifically he was asked about the time she did a series of ads with Mark Wahlberg. “It didn’t go too well. She didn’t like him at all. He was a pleasure. I have worked with so many women, great ones, and Kate was always difficult.”
Not sometimes difficult. Not that she was in a bad mood sometimes. Nope. She was always difficult. Not even a most of the time. Calvin is not going by a short sample here. Kate was with Calvin Klein for a long time and they paid her a lot of money. If she was difficult to a company that paid her millions think about how she must have treated everyone else who didn't pay her money.
30 comments:
I don't think much of Kate - but as I recall, Calvin Klein brought us underage, heroin-chic models, so I don't think much of him, either.
Meh. Models are b*tches. I think the ones who are not difficult are the rare exception. They tell them not to eat and to smoke, drink, and do coke to stay skinny and then can't understandy why they have a bad attitude?
Of course she is difficult she is jacked up coke head that nobody says no to. She is a permanent 2 year old. I just hope her kid turns out OK.
In my eyes, they all pale in comparison to the goddess Linda Evangelista. LOVE HER and her bitchy ways.
And, Stephanie Seymour in all her Guns and Roses and Victoria's Secret glory has always been close to my heart.
Kate Moss must have done something right because her career has been hella long. But being a drama queen on set doesn't surprise me at all. She hit it really big very young. Not that I'm justifying bitchiness, it just seems like the nature of the biz.
I think you lose your right to complain about someone being difficult if you keep on paying them.
a friend of mine is related to Linda Evangelista..shes is very nice and gracious,but bitch ain't cheap!
as for this old slag with the jacked up grill...who did she blow to become a runway model with bad teeth and under 5'9??
@Susan: Agree totally on Evangelista; she was always my favorite, and I still think no one has come close to her yet. Have you SEEN her latest commercials? She hasn't aged the tiniest bit! I suspect she has a painting hidden somewhere ala Dorian Gray :-)
ahh susan. You are so right. Linda was awesome, Christy Turlington, Yasmeen Ghauri, Helena Christianson. All the models on the Vogue 100 anniversay issue were amazing. There is no model today that can hold a candle to the 90s models.
I don't get her. She is not that attractive. Not ugly, but not attractive like her contemporaries.
Plus, now it comes out she was always a pain. How has she continued to get work all these years. Going with Jax's theory, someone needs to check for dirt on her knees.
Calvin Klein prefers male models, why am I not surprised?
I really wish the media would stop reporting on this over-rated, rat-faced cokehead. Never, ever saw the appeal.
@jax, she's only 5'6" or 5'7". REALLY short for a model.
And @Patty, I agree completely. I have never thought she was attractive in the least. There's just nothing pleasing about her face. Don't get it.
Moss has definitely been looking busted as of late. I do think her partying ways will not help her looks down the road. LOL. I always feel badly for her child. I hope she has a team of nannies. I always wonder what Johnny Depp thinks of Kate Moss now.
Lisa (original) - Oh hell yeah, I've seen Evangelista and her ads - TV and print. She's so flawless. I wonder what she thinks of ANTM. My dream is for her and Isaac Mizrahi and Tim Gunn to have a show.....I die.
I love that slags like this get old and ugly. Take that you nasty girl.
The REAL supermodels still look amazing. Christy Turlington is still ridiculously beautiful. Kate Moss and the whole heroin chic gang made me stop reading Vogue years ago.
As a short female I'd like to say her height was refreshing.
However, the George Michael Freedom '90 video has all of my model faves..best ever.
christy turlington has always been my favorite model.
i guess seeing as how it's calvin klein's fault kate moss was thrust upon us in the first place, money trumps difficulties, no?
and Mark Wahlberg always disliked her because Moss wasn't enough sexy for him so....
Calvin Klein was the first designer to use waif models!
well...at least he liked marky mark.
I only semi-like her because she's a "short" model. Being 5'3 1/2" myself I can appreciate a "short" bitch doing what she does in the world of trees.
Calvin makes fatty clothes now, I'm sure Cocaine Cowboy Kate just looooves that!
Jax: slag is a really strong word. Not, as far as I know, justified by her behaviour in any way - in the most literal sense. This is a very non-sexist site, so can I ask if you have ever used that extremely unpleasant word about men on here?
Slag - Today, usage increasingly finds the word used in the context of referring to persons of any gender considered contemptible. It's also been used to mean "insult in jest" or "tease playfully" in Ireland in particular, but also in some parts of Canada, the United Kingdom and New Zealand. To 'slag someone off', is to insult or criticise them, not necessarily in a serious way.
Yasmin Le Bon and Paulina Porizkova were always my favorites. Yasmin has hardly aged at all, despite the pop star husband and three kids.
Christy Turlington was my fave, but I agree, everyone in the Freedom video was amazing.
There is just something about Kate Moss, even if she is difficult and short, lol!
SLAG. give me a break, i am quite aware of what this site "allows."
popsugar is that way if you need something saccharine laced. >--->
Jax and sunnyside: I'm English. And Sunnyside is quite right that to 'slag someone off' is not that strong at all, or that insulting. But that's not how Jax used it, Sunnyside. Jax called someone a slag. That's very strong and very sexist indeed. It's actually one of the nastiest words in British English for a woman, and also has a kind of 'white trash' connotation because of its origins. The equivalent words in American slang would be very unpleasant. Hence my original post. I was wondering if Jax really was aware what a very nasty and hostile-to-women word sh/e had used, and if so, whether she really wanted to come across as grossly sexist.
I looked up the word slag and think it fits Kate:
Slag is a pejorative slang term, primarily used in United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, New Zealand and Australia, to describe women who often engage in casual sex and promiscuous behaviour. Its meaning is broadly similar to the terms "slut" and "skank".
Brits often use the C word (brace yourselves, I'll type it: cunt *cringes*) very casually, which we find so abhorrent in the US that we actually refer to it as "The C Word", rather than utter it.
Yep, Mango, we do say 'cunt' casually, but the majority of us wouldn't use it about someone we don't know, who doesn't seem to have done anything worse than take drugs, enjoy her fame, be a diva sometimes on set, and party hard. (As, to be honest, most of us, Brit or American, would in her position!) Enty pointed out a Calvin Klein quote that made it clear that she wasn't at all fun to work with, and that's interesting. It's still an awfully long way away from making her either a slag or a cunt. I enjoy this site a lot, and much of my enjoyment derives from the interesting comments people make. It's a world away from sites whose commenters spew vulgar abuse, which is why I was taken so aback by Jax's. I've got absolutely no bias towards Kate Moss, who could certainly do with spending more time with her daughter (though you could say the same about almost all celebs). I just don't like this kind of vicious sexism, which is why I asked Jax if she's ever used that word about a man on this site.Latest News
OCTOBER 29, 2020
***BIG ANNOUNCEMENT***
Im so excited to announce that I have been asked to support Xavier Rudd at The Red Hill Auditorium this Sunday the 1st of November. Sharing a bill with Xavier Rudd and playing this incredible venue have been on my bucket list for years, so to say I am honoured is an understatement.
This Sunday also marks the one year anniversary of the release of my debut album "WALK AWAY" so I will definitely be celebrating in style!! Grab your tickets here and don't forget, you can also take advantage of FREE SHIPPING on my album til the end of October by heading here
Hope to see you at the show this Sunday! x
JULY 30, 2020
***WINNER***
Last night my song “Take Me Down” was announced as the WINNER in the Blues and Roots Category of the 2020 WAM Song of The Year Awards - click here to read the WAM Media release
Also - tomorrow night, I am playing my first live show back after 4 months! (Friday 31st July) I will be opening a SOLD OUT show for Vikki Thorn from The Waifs at The River Hotel in my new hometown Margaret River
MARCH 15, 2020
TOUR POSTPONED
Unfortunately, due to Covid, my shows with Kasey Chambers next week have been cancelled. On a brighter note, my tour dates with Juzzie Smith have been postponed til Nov/Dec some time. Stay tuned for new dates x
FEBRUARY 17, 2020
***WINNER***
Had such a wonderful time performing at Boyup Brook Country Music Festival this weekend and also walked away with 2 awards!!
- Female Artist of The Year
- Songwriter of The Year
I have a huge show announcement happening this week, and will also be announcing the release date for my new single.
Make sure you are either signed up to my mailing list, or following me on Facebook or Instagram so you're the first to find out about everything!
NOVEMBER 1, 2019
IT'S FINALLY HERE!!!
My debut album "Walk Away" is OUT NOW
You can order a signed physical copy of the album by clicking here
Or if you prefer a digital copy, click here to download or stream on your favourite streaming services
SEPTEMBER 20, 2019
"Jessie" the second single from my debut album is OUT NOW!
To stream, download or watch the video click here
JUNE 13, 2019
My new single - Box (feat. Ash Grunwald) is OUT NOW!
You can download it on iTunes now by clicking here
Or you can stream via your favourite streaming platforms by clicking here
The film clip for “Box” is now being aired on Foxtels CMC Channel!
You can request it by clicking here xox
![ Debut Album "Walk Away" Out Now...
Click the image to order your signed copy or to listen via all streaming platforms]()
Debut Album "Walk Away" Out Now... Click the image to order your signed copy or to listen via all streaming platforms
Click on the image above to watch the video or stream/download Jessie via your favourite digital platformsNorton’s Security Premium preserves your essential files and documents against hard drive malfunctions and even ransomware. It will automatically find the photos, music, movies and other digital files, back up from your PC, and securely save them in the cloud.
Key Features
- Enjoy premium protection against existing and developing malware, including ransomware and viruses for one device. Protect your financial information and uphold your privacy online thanks to its advanced security measures.
- Offering 2GB of secure PC cloud backup, it will automatically find your digital files from your PC, and securely save them in the cloud.
- Get notified about hazardous Android apps before you download them with Norton’s award-winning security.
- One user can enjoy Norton’s Security Premium for 12 months.
- Norton Security may cover a PC, Mac, Android, iPad, or iPhone.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Event Information
Share this event
Date and time
Location
Location
Online event
Event description
An Online Parent Meetup Group for parents who homeschool...or would like to! Get inspired-and intentional-about your child's education!
About this event
Eager to try homeschooling? Meetup with "The Homeschooling Attorney" and other like-minded parents to ask questions, swap stories, and gain encouragement and support as you create a designer education that suits the needs of your child and family! We'll meet online every 1st Monday of the month, from 7PM - 8PM EDT, starting October 4, 2021 through June 6, 2022. Zoom meeting information will be emailed to you upon registration.
Grab your ticket now!
Date and time
Location
Online eventCelebrating the life of Frances Perron Perron passed away March 28, 2016 in Vermilion at the age of 88 years. She will be lovingly remembered by her children Bill (Liz) Perron and Brian (Edith) Perron; grandchildren Tashia (Tim) Stephenson, Angela (Steven) Zaporosky, Stacy Perron (Wes Stephenson), Nathan (Kerri) Perron, Jay (Marla) Perron, and Sabrina Perron (Allan Drinkwater); brothers Paul Lazar and Richard Lazar; twenty great grandchildren as well as numerous nieces and nephews. She was predeceased by her husband Douglas, parents Joseph and Margaret Lazar as well as five brothers and eight sisters. Memorial Service will be held at the Holy Name of Jesus Roman Catholic Church on Saturday, April 2, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. Memorial donations may be made to a charity of choice.
Welcome to Frances's Memorial WallShare memories & photos, send flowers, and much more.
How to make a job online to make money You can make money easily by going online. Are you sure not to participate? Manage your money like a boss. Is the online beaded manual make money true? Internet is not eye-catching Resell to make money online How to make things online Online typing really can make money taking money out of rrsp Online people making money Online buy masks to make money Do you sell your adult products online? how to make money off a blog Application of online painting to make money Online plane design make money? Is it true that the white bay can make money online? value of money calculator Online help name how to make money Shaanxi online part-time earning money Is there a fire engineer to make money online? Do you make money on online ID studio? Can the rural credit cooperative online make money? Doing a part-time money on the Internet No expertise, how to do online part-time money Do you believe in online money? money money money meme Online child story make money platformNow you can skip hours of internet research and jump straight to getting answers with our meaningful at-a-glance Demographics by Zip Code Report. With the most current & most popular demographic data, it's the perfect starting point for your research about 18510 and the rest of Pennsylvania.
We know 185,375 people, 18510 is the 314th most populated zip code in the state of Pennsylvania out of 1,779 zip codes. But watch out, 18510, because 16146 with 13,242 people and 16830 with 13,264 people are right behind you.
The largest 18510 racial/ethnic groups are White (67.6%) followed by Hispanic (10.6%) and Asian (9.7%).
In 2019, the median household income of 18510 households was $34,415. 18510 households made slightly more than 15776 households ($34,219) and 17935 households ($34,330) . However, 13.9% of 18510 families live in poverty.
The median age for 18510.You can find plenty of information about Deen City Farm & Riding School by taking a look at What We Offer.
What goes on at the farm?
Please note that we have a slightly different offering to normal in order to adhere to government guidelines.
Feeding The Animals
Animal feed is on sale from the front gate to feed the Goats, Sheep and Alpaca.
£1 per bag
Meeting the Animals
Exclusive Animal Handling Experience, choose from a variety of small animals to create your own personal visit.
£25 per group for half an hour, groups should be no more than five people in line with government guidelines.
Book your visit now, you will find the Animal Handling Experience when you click on Farm Visit.
Our Riding School
During School Holidays
During the school holidays we’ll often aim to put on extra activities! We work to the Merton mainstream school timetables, as can be found on the Merton.gov website. If in doubt, it’s worth double checking our Facebook page as we’ll often update there with the timetables for our activities!
Our play and picnic area
We cannot wait to reopen our playground but before we can we need to get it resurfaced!
We are excited to announce that the resurfacing will take place in November, and we are scheduled to reopen in December. Thank you so much if you have donated to help make this happen.
It is costing 23k to resurface the space with a long-lasting wet pour solution which will provide a very safe ground for children to play on! If you wish to find our more and donate to the project, please visit our JustGiving fundraising page.
Thank you so much for your continued support and patience!
Other Events
For information on special events going on at Deen City Farm & Riding School please check out out front page and What’s On, and keep an eye on our Twitter and Facebook page for announcements!
Our local area
A brief walk from the farm and you can quickly find yourself at Morden Hall Park, owned by the National Trust. If you choose to wander in the other direction, downstream on the Wandle from the farm you can find Merton Abbey Mills.JOURNALISTS IN EXILE A STATISTICAL PROFILE July 2001 – June 2007 Total who went into exile in this period
At least three journalists a month flee their home countries to escape threats of violence, imprisonment, or harassment. By Elisabeth Witchel and Karen Phillips
AUG…
Your Excellency: The.
Although.
Though journalists and human rights observers generally consider the independent press in Botswana free, the government proved in 2002 that it is unwilling to tolerate negative coverage from state media.
Hopes were high in July that Ivory Coast’s political crisis would end after a judge in the capital, Abidjan, confirmed that former prime minister Alassane Dramane Ouattara, the leader of the opposition Rally for Republicans (RDR), is an Ivory Coast citizen.…
Africa: Overview Americas: Overview Asia: Overview Europe and Central Asia: Overview.You make my blood pressure rise with a body like that
You got the love exercise ...
You might come surprise but don't confuse me with guys
.. I got a couple of them .. I tell them a lot of things
But they are usually lies I gotta talk to .. she usually cries
I gotta keep them ...open wide.. but I am not obligated ..
I smoke more than average so you might see me high
.. I got the right to be fly
[Refrain]
Let's go ride .. down
Ladies feeling special
Maybe because I am hot now
..dancing cause everybody loves you
Girl you said .. runway
Your mama always want it
I run to you one day
I almost forget to mention
You got my attention ...
So I can't trust any interest and anything rest princess
Most .. impress .. I saw that when you ..
I got playmates now .. fuck all night
..my girls are disciplined and trained to say thank you
.. cause they are no fun if homey can't have one
I hardly now girl cause I don't need to have one
But if you wanna have one it could be your perfect match
Note :
Le clip vidéo de Perfect Match
Télécharger le MP3, acheter le CD Audio ou la sonnerie de Perfect Match
- Hummin
- Start It Up (Remix)
- I Don't Deserve You
- Fly In The Wind
- Large On The Streets
» voir les 32 singles de Lloyd Banks
Autres singles de Travis Barker
Liens pour les lyrics de Perfect Match
Pour votre site / blog, copiez cette adresse :
BBCode pour un forum, utilisez ce code :March is International Women’s Month. UN Women, the United Nations entity dedicated to gender equality and women’s empowerment, is a global champion for women and girls. The highlight of this month is International Women’s Day (March 8), which centers on the theme: “Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for Change.”
This theme resonates deeply for me. As a freelance writer and consultant, I applaud efforts businesses are taking to provide innovative ways of employing women. Being able to work from home provides me with flexibility to care for my children and mother, while maintaining my professional career. I have clients I’ve never met – communicating only by phone and email – and that’s fine.
I’ve been affiliated with MAC4 Communications since 2015 and am constantly impressed by the talent and creativity of this nearly all-female team – all of whom work on a flexible schedule. So, I will shamelessly give a shout-out to Danielle MacDonald, who has built her business by recognizing and nurturing women who want to work in an innovative way. MAC4’s business model allows us to contribute our talents in creative ways with flexible work hours – so as a team, we can deliver a great customer experience.
So, this International Women’s Month, I hope other businesses will find ways to attract smart, creative women and provide them with opportunities that are equal, smart and innovative. It’s a business model whose time has come.
#WomensDay
Author: Robin ImbesiHow many people have been convicted of employee theft?_0<<
How much does employee theft cost the UK?.
When does an employer know about employee theft?
Generally, employee theft is noticed by employers in one of two circumstances. Either the employer suspects a particular individual but is not entirely sure how the crime has been committed, or they know theft has occurred but don’t yet have a definite suspect.
What’s the most common way to conceal employee theft?
According to a recent study, the most common methods used by perpetrators to conceal employee theft include creating fraudulent physical documents (40%), altering physical documents (36%), altering electronic documents or files (27%), creating fraudulent electronic documents or files (26%). Approximately 12% did not even try to conceal the fraud._1<<
What are the penalties for an employee theft?.
Is there a connection between employee theft and embezzlement?
Yes, there is, but the two are definitely related. Employee theft is a broad term that refers to any form of theft of money, property or trade secrets committed by an employee against his/her company. This may include any of the following: Direct theft—i.e., theft of merchandise/inventory, assets or cash
Who was charged with theft of pension funds?
Hairabet pleaded guilty in July 2017 to one count of pension fund theft, six counts of wire fraud, and two counts of money laundering. “Theft from pension funds violates the law and cheats plan participants,” said Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA) Acting Regional Director Carol S. Hamilton, in Boston.Two opposite sides of a cube are painted red. On the remaining four sides, two adjacent sides are coloured green and the remaining two are blue. Two cuts are made in each of X, Y and the Z axis. Assume the inner faces of the cubes are white in colour.How many cubes have at least 1 green side?
On the two blue sides the middle layer has 3 cubes with no green colour, so total 6 cubes. And the on the two blue layers the common edge layer has 3 cubes that has no green colour on it. The centre cube and the middle of the two cubes of the red faced side corresponds to 3 cubes. In total 12 cubes have no green. Which means 27 - 12 = 15 cubes have at least 1 green.Registered Night Nurse – Eastwood Court Care Home – East Kilbride
Eastwood Court Care Home in Glasgow are currently seeking a Registered Night Nurse to join our hard working and dedicated team on a full time, permanent basis working night shifts..
Skills, knowledge and
Adhere to all appropriate NMC guidelines / regulations
Adhere to all Company policies and procedures within the defined timescales
Here are some of the can benefits we can offer:
If you think you have the right skills and attitude to deliver the best quality of care within our home, then please apply today. For more information contact Harmony House.
We look forward to hearing from you!Terrell Phillips is a Unclassified business in Phil Campbell, AL.
Terrell Phillips started in the year and is categorized under Unclassified. Terrell Phillips Full Name Report makes sure they only deliver high quality merchandise, superior than most of its competitors.
Manned by 1 to 4 and fast-growing equally competitive individuals, at a strategically located Single Location, Terrell Phillips supplies full line of products that are carefully planned and manufactured before they reach its customers.
Their physical company can be found in 3116 County Highway 79, Phil Campbell, AL 35581. You can also navigate using these coordinates - 34.304605,-87.663664..Advocacy and Health Policy |
ACOG Denounces False Claims About Ob-Gyns
Washington, DC — Lisa Hollier, M.D., M.P.H., president of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, issued the following statement in response to false claims made regarding the delivery of abortion care:
“The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) strongly denounces the grossly inaccurate description of ob-gyns and the women they care for.
“The rhetoric used to describe the delivery of abortion care was offensive, wrong, and dangerous. Claims of this sort undermine the public’s trust in ob-gyns and stigmatize necessary health care for women.
“Politicians must never use inflammatory language that can contribute to or encourage hostility or violence toward doctors, other medical professionals or individuals seeking or receiving health care.
“As the largest organization of women’s health care providers, ACOG proudly stands behind our members who provide comprehensive health care for women, delivered with quality, safety, integrity, and compassion.".Do you remember broccoli-gate? President George H.W. Bush sparked domestic and international outrage with his disdain for the vegetable. Years later, during President Barack Obama’s tenure, broccoli even became embroiled in the health-care debate as a proxy for perceived government overreach.
Why did Bush hate broccoli, while Obama loved it? It may come down to their genetics. To some people, broccoli (and related plants in the genus Brassica like cabbage and mustard, as well as coffee and hoppy beer) taste intensely bitter. For others, it doesn’t.
It turns out there is a stretch of DNA on chromosome 7 that affects how we taste some of the bitter chemicals in broccoli. In biologist lingo, we say that the gene taste 2 receptor member 38 (abbreviated TAS2R38 or T2R38) codes for a protein, and that protein regulates our bitter-taste ability.
While everyone should have a TAS2R38 gene, we don’t all have the exact same version. The different versions are called alleles. Some alleles allow us to taste the bitter compounds; some don’t. Several alleles of this gene are found in Africa (recall that Obama’s father was a Kenyan Luo), but elsewhere there are only two main versions: one for “taster” and one for “nontaster”.
Whether you can taste broccoli bitterness depends on which alleles you have. You inherit half of your autosomal DNA from your mother and half from your father. They each gave you an allele of the TAS2R38 gene. If you got two nontaster alleles, Brassica foods probably don’t taste bitter to you. If you get two taster alleles, broccoli and friends might be less than appealing. And if you get one copy of each allele—one taster and one nontaster—you can taste the bitterness, but only moderately. Scientists call these three states nontasters, supertasters, and tasters, respectively.
I can only guess at the genetic makeups of Presidents Bush and Obama, but I’ll venture that Bush was a supertaster while Obama was not.
You don’t have to guess for yourself, though, because some of the DNA testing companies report your status. And even if they don’t report it, it’s hidden in your raw data file, where you can check it if you know what to look for.
Trait Reports
23andMe includes a “Bitter Taste” report in their Ancestry + Traits test, while AncestryDNA has a $10 add-on feature that includes their “Bitter Sensitivity” report along with several others.
There are three spots in the TAS2R38 gene that differ between the common taster and nontaster alleles. We call those spots SNPs (for single nucleotide polymorphisms), and we give them truly atrocious names like rs10246939, rs1726866, and rs713598. The taster allele has the nucleotides C, G, and G at those respective SNPs, while the nontaster allele has T, A, and C.
You can download your raw data file from your testing company and search it for those SNPs to determine your own status. Depending on the testing company and test version, the file should report two or three of the SNPs. Most people will only need to know their status at one, though, because the SNP triads usually go together.
Not coincidentally, the fact that C, G, and G almost always go together in one allele and T, A, and C almost always go together in the other forms the basis for statistical phasing. Statistical phasing is a computational way of improving DNA matching by inferring which SNPs are together on one chromosomal copy versus the other.
The proportion of the taster allele varies by population. 23andMe has a nifty graph showing how it varies among their customers.
What Does This Have to Do with Covid?
Scientists have known for a while that some taste genes also affect immune response. (Here’s a thought: Are they actually immune genes that affect taste response?) And as a recent scientific study suggests, the ability to taste this particular kind of bitterness may make you more resistant to covid.
The study, published by doctors in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Cairo, Egypt, looked at 1,935 healthy people with increased exposure to covid (e.g., health care workers, patients). The researchers gauged the bitter sensitivity of the subjects and tracked them over time. About a quarter of the subjects were nontasters, about half were tasters, and the remaining were supertasters.
After 3 months, 266 (≈14%) of the subjects had tested positive for the virus. Nontasters were about 10 times more likely to test positive and nearly 4 times more likely to be hospitalized. They were also sick for longer (24 days on average) than tasters (14 days) or supertasters (5 days).
Of course, TAS2R38 is not the only factor affecting our susceptibility to covid. Age, underlying health conditions, the degree of exposure, and other genetic factors all play a part. That’s why it’s essential to get vaccinated, regardless of your ability to taste bitterness.
Check Your Status
If you don’t have access to trait reports at 23andMe or AncestryDNA, you can check your TAS2R38 status by looking in your raw data file. Depending on which company you used and when you tested, your file may not include all three SNPs.
Once you download the file (instructions for obtaining it from AncestryDNA are here), open it in a text editor and use the search function to find the SNP names. Here’s what you’re looking for and how to interpret it.
Consider my 23andMe data. The columns are: SNP name, chromosome number (7), position, and my base calls. The files from other companies might look slightly different but will contain the same basic information.
rs10246939 7 141672604 CT rs1726866 7 141672705 AG rs713598 7 141673345 CG
Notice that for each SNP, I have two different base calls, CT for the first SNP, AG for the second, and CG for the third. That’s because I have one taster allele and one nontaster one. I’m a taster, but not a supertaster.
If you have TT, AA, and CC, you are a nontaster, and if you have CC, GG, and GG, you are a supertaster.
If you’ve tested multiple family members, you can sometimes even track the alleles through your tree. My father, for example, is a nontaster, so I know I inherited my nontaster allele from him and my taster allele from my mother. It turns out she’s a supertaster, and her brother is a taster. That tells me that both of their parents (my maternal grandparents) were either tasters or supertasters, and at least one of them was definitely a taster. My husband is a nontaster and so are both of our kids. (One hates broccoli anyway.)
Now, eat your vegetables!
26 thoughts on “The Bitter End of Covid”
Great article! So much fun. I loved it.
Sincerely,
another geek
So glad you liked it. It was fun to write, too!
What a fun explanation! Of course I had to check. I am a TC; AG; and CC. So a taster for the first two alleles and NonTaster for the 3rd one. Is it a common thing to be different in a category?
How interesting! The two most common versions of TAS2R38 have either TAC or CGG for those three SNPs. You may have a rare version! Yours are probably TAC and CGC. If you’ve tested elsewhere, I’d probably check your raw data file from the other company just to confirm that it’s not a genotyping error. Please let me know!
My brother and I are both the same as @Jamie Longfellow (above): TC, AG, and CC (when tested with ancestry.com; one of us has tested with 23andme, with the same results). And we’re from a parent who, like @Victor (below), also has a C-instead-of-G variation, but theirs is varied from “supertaster”, while ours is varied from “taster”.
Even if you don’t know what to make of this, do you know what search terms I could use to read about this?
I would try “supertaster covid”.
this is a fascinating finding. I have often wondered if there would be a similar finding for sweetness. (Not necessarily covid related). I am one of those people who find things perfectly sweet and others will say “whoa, much too sweet for me”. Any research going on with a sweetness SNP?
Absolutely! AncestryDNA’s trait reports includes “Sweet Sensitivity”, based on a gene called TAS1R3.
Loved this blog. As a child, I was not served broccoli. I never ate it until I married my husband who ate it all the time. I actually love it, but due to health conditions can no longer eat it. I will need to check our DNA raw data.
I’m so glad you enjoyed it!
Awesome topic, DNA relevance, family history and great science writing rolled into one.
Thanks Leah! Sent to my fellow naturopathy students – this must be the really good reason we’re not all eating our broccoli, even though it’s up there on the must have veges list!
So glad you enjoyed it!
Very interesting article! I can’t check our raw data for all three of the SNPs on this laptop. I can’t the USB for my external hard drive plugged into this thing for some reason. But, I was able to check the 23andMe results for David, myself, and our oldest daughter. 23andMe reports on rs713598 for us:
David; CC
Girlie: CG
Me: CG
Since we get one allele from our fathers and one from our mothers, I will assume our daughter got her G from me and her C from her dad, because he couldn’t give a G there if he didn’t have one there himself. Is that a correct assumption?
This means that David is a non-taster and me and Girlie are tasters, right? David and I both love broccoli. Our daughter loved it as a little one. It is one of the few things she would eat after she turned 2 years old. Now, she has an extremely limited diet and it does not involve broccoli at all.
I can’t wait to check the DNA data of our mothers and my father. 🙂
Yes, exactly! David gave her the “C” allele because that’s all he has. You could have given her either “C” or “G”, because you have both, and by chance it ended up being the “G” version. He’s a non-taster and you and your daughter are tasters,
Thank you for confirming that for me. Our daughter found your article quite fascinating, too. 🙂
So glad to hear that!
So I’ve eaten my vegetables and opened my 23andMe file and can’t match what I see with the comment in the article.
I have 1 x taster and 2 x supertaster – and do like broccoli !
100% European ethnicity per 23andMe.
rs10246939 7 141672604 CC
rs1726866 7 141672705 GG
rs713598 7 141673345 CG
You may have a rare allele. How cool! One of your TAS2R38 alleles is the common CGG taster version while the other is apparently CGC. I don’t have any information on how that allele might affect bitter taste. (The other possibility is that you had a genotyping error at rs713598. If you have tested elsewhere, you can check your raw data file from the other company to make sure you got the same results for those SNPs.)
I really like you turning things upside down and suggesting that the gene is actually about immune response and just happens to affect taste.
While my siblings happily eat their broccoli, I am a supertaster. So a reluctant broccoli consumer, while knowing it’s good for me. But this tasting profile helped me when coming up with flavors for therapeutic liquids for children containing naturally bitter antibiotics.
For that resistant child, I recommend steaming until there is still some crunch and then serving with a sauce of butter and honey. Adults are often accepting of charred flavors which themselves are bitter and hide the natural bitterness of broccoli. And sauces containing dried chiles – ancho and such – tend to mask bitterness also, especially the smoked ones.
Now I’m off to look at my DNA and my parent’s (sic) to see what alleles I have and where they came from!
How does this interact with the links on chromosome 4 that that 23 and Me was finding were linked to the loss of taste/smell? It was written about on their blog on June 2nd (not going to paste the link because I don’t want to get flagged by a spam filter!) . 🙂 I find it really interesting that this study used taste test strips to identify supertasters, not genetic testing.
The spam filter is me, so paste away! I can only speculate as to the answer to your question, because even the covid researchers don’t know why patients lose smell/taste. It’s a great question, though! I doubt the loss is related to TAS2R38, because the covid patients who lose taste/smell do so for all tastes and smells, not just bitter. This article from Nature (highly reputable) discusses some reasonable hypotheses:
Is is possible to have rs10246939 and rs1726866, but not rs713598?
Technically, you have all three of those SNPs. What base calls do you have at each of them?
I’m a bit late to the party but I love this post. I’ve just gone into the raw data files for my partner and myself. And I’ve confirmed why I can order a cocktail containing Campari without there ever being a risk that he will steal it. He’s a super taster and I’m a nontaster who enjoys the slight bitterness that he equates to cough medicine.
I’m tickled that your drinks are safe because of your DNA!Berkley® PowerBait® MaxScent The General Bait Action
May 9th, 2019 by Keith Worrall 391
Modified May 9th, 2019 at 2:34 PM
“This bait has been the key to my success all year. It’s amazing how when you’re working with this thing, you can just dead stick it and fish will come and find it.” -FLW Lake Chickamauga Tournament winner Pro Angler John Cox on the PowerBait® MaxScent The General. The PowerBait® MaxScent line of baits release a super-charged scent field attracting fish in a way never before seen, and the ultra-realistic texture fools even the hardest to catch fish.:format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-1982478-1256705272.jpeg.jpg)
1979
Buy Overdrive (10) - Constantinople - Vinyl 7 - - DE - Original at great prices and variety online @ HHV - Worldwide Shipping! false. SUPERDEAL – 25% off on top of all urban fashion sale items. Valid only until Monday Sep 20th, p.m. Code: super
Sitting between Europe and Asia, encircled by high, thick walls, the Christian city of Constantinople developed a unique and vibrant character during the Middle Ages. Today, it's a Moslem city called Istanbul, and this video explores some of the remnants of its illustrious past life.
Online shopping from a great selection at CDs & Vinyl Store. by CONSTANTINOPLE HARRY CARLTON SHEET MUSIC FOLDER SHEET MUSIC. Vinyl. Cette Ville Etrange. by ENSEMBLE CONSTANTINOPLE | out of 5 stars 1. Audio CD. $ $ Get it Wed, Nov 10 - Mon, Nov $ g: Overdrive.
An invaluable record of the metropolis as it used to be – a fascinating crossroads between Eastern and Western civilization and one of the most cosmopolitan cities of its time – as well as a vivid example of a European tourist's reaction to it – part delight, part incomprehension &.
'Engagingly fresh and vivid The.
All I Ever Need Is You - Cher & Sonny And Cher* - The Kapp/MCA Anthology (All I Ever Need) (CD) Romance In B Flat Major Chant Damour De LHimalaya Rythme Au Dholak - Unknown Artist - Cachemire (Vinyl, LP)Almost nothing has as many lives in Washington as the idea that the government needs to tax, regulate and oppress Americans to save us from the non-threat of global warming. Well, it appears that the latest effort to foist on us a so-called climate change bill is near death. Again. Good.
According to the Washington Post today, “Sen. Reid has made it clear to proponents on and off the Hill and at the White House that anything he brings to the floor will need broad bipartisan support,” Harry’s spokesman told Politico.
Then the Post columnist asks, “Does anyone think that a genuine climate bill has any chance of ‘broad bipartisan support’ in an election year?”
To ask the question is to answer it.
For those few of you still laboring under the misconception that such Draconian punishment under the guise of helpful legislation is needed, we offer just a few items of consolation (at the risk of being considered ‘snarky‘):
– 90 percent of American land-based measuring stations misreport temperature data by between 1ºC and 5ºC. So, don’t fret when the alarmists cite temperature data that is supposed to prove global warming. You wouldn’t buy a haircut with that margin of error.
– On top of that, “smoothing” adjustments to “homogenize” data collected at the stations have grossly exaggerated even those bad numbers because of a phenomenon known as the Urban Heat Island Effect. The alarmists of course say they “fixed” those numbers by adjusting them. Aw, who wouldn’t trust people paid by the government to prove the government needs more control over you and more of your money?
– Then there’s this: a team lead by Joe D’Aleo found the two primary U.S. sources of global temperature also have been manipulating land-based instrumental readings, just like those at England’s Climate Research Unit . NOAA strategically deleted “cherry-picked, cooler-reporting weather observation stations from the temperature data and NASA has intentionally replaced the dropped NOAA readings with those of stations located in much warmer locales.” And you wonder how they get the numbers to scare you?
Remember how the alarmists made the Hockey Stick by eliminating the previous warm period then ignoring the contemporary indicators of cooling? But Congress never considers the merits, or cap and trade climate change global warming bills wouldn’t go anywhere.
Our saving grace is Congress does consider the politics. And it is an election year. Just ask Harry.
RELATED POSTS:Travelling with Air Chathams is going to look a little different from mid-December as they advise customers of their new COVID-19 travel requirements.
In line with other airlines in New Zealand, Air Chathams will require proof of vaccination or a negative COVID-19 test for all travellers using their service. This policy will be introduced as soon as New Zealand moves to the new COVID-19 protection framework.
The company says customers will be expected to travel with a physical or digital copy of their COVID-19 Vaccination Certificates (CVCs). If customers do not have a CVC they must have proof of a negative COVID-19 test from at least 72 hours prior to departure. Air Chathams says they recognise that passengers departing the Chatham Islands may have difficulty in ascertaining proof of a negative COVID-19 test within 72 hours due to the isolation of the Chathams. For these circumstances only, Air Chathams will accept proof of a negative COVID-19 test from 7 days prior to departure.
“We are incredibly fortunate to have such a committed team that have assisted us through this very difficult time,” says Air Chathams CEO Craig Emeny. “100% of our permanent staff have had at least one dose of the Pfizer Biontech vaccine and our family business is tracking to have a fully vaccinated workforce very soon.”
Mr Emeny says Air Chathams primary focus now is on the recovery of their North Island regional services.
“Tied to that is the need to keep our customers safe on Air Chathams flights and take all necessary steps to ensure the continuity of those services irrespective of regional alert level settings.”
Air Chathams will have updates and information available on their website regarding implementation timelines and COVID-19 requirements for travel using their services.In the space of five days, Manchester City have won one trophy and established a lead in the first leg of the Champions League clash against Real Madrid.
The two victories have given City a chance of turning a season where they have failed to retain their Premier League title into one that could still end in three trophies.
But midfielder Rodri - who scored the winner against Aston Villa in the Carabao Cup final - says City must use their recent victories this week to continue improving this season and go all the way in the Champions League and FA Cup.
“It’s been a very important week for us, but this is not over yet," Rodri said.
“We still have a few months of the season to go and that great result in the Champions League and the fighting spirit of the team says lots of good things about us, a team that never surrender.
“Winning the Carabao Cup three times in succession speaks a lot about our ambition, and our collective desire to keep winning.”
Rodri is also looking ahead to next season, where he challenged his teammates to improve.
"Every season this team does a reset and tries to fight for everything and this is not easy, when there are people here that have won this competition four or five times," he added.
“For me is the first time, but the rest need to regenerate and renew their motivation every season. That’s the only way of keep growing and improving.”
The Spaniard has now recorded his best ever goals return in a season with his fourth strike of the campaign, admitting his is surprised at getting on the scoresheet at all.
He said: "It’s a surprise for me! “I’m not used on scoring goals but if it happens and it helps the team and it is a final and to win it, it’s something fantastic.
“But what makes me happier is that we’ve won a trophy and personally I’m growing and feeling very involved in this squad full of great people and amazing professionals.”Switzerland's "fastest postman" loses his last race
Zurich (RWH) The podium was always his goal. "When you come fourth, you always stand in the mud at the award ceremony," was his reasoning. True to this pragmatic resolution, Sepp Benz stood on the winners' podium in many races, was Olympic champion, world champion and European champion. Now the "fastest postman in Switzerland" – as the pusher of bob pilot Erich Schärer was once called – has lost his last race to an overpowering phenomenon of time. On February 5th, Josef "Sepp" Benz, who after his bobsleigh career became a successful official with the Swiss Federation and the International Luge Federation (FIL), died in Zurich at the age of 76.
"With Sepp Benz, the sliding family has not just lost a successful Olympian and World Champion, but also a great enthusiast who was all about sport. The fascination that Sepp Benz always felt for the sport of sliding, whether for luge or bobsleigh, could be felt in every conversation you had with him," the President of the International Bobsleigh & Skeleton Federation (IBSF), Ivo Ferriani, said in a tribute. "He always offered criticism constructively, never hurtfully, always open to discussion. We will always remember him as a successful athlete and unique official. Our thoughts are with his family and friends."
He won many of those friends during his time as an athlete and official. He is forever connected to the Luge Federation (FIL) anyway. The random generator, which decides on the type of upcoming controls at the FIL events by light signal, found its place in the FIL regulations thanks to Benz's commitment. Before the introduction of the "Benz Machine", multi-coloured balls in a covered basket still decided on the type of control.
His thoughts about new competition formats for luge were also innovative. The reaction start, which to his regret was only partially integrated into the team relay, and above all the sprint competition, anchored in the World Cup programme since 2015, are based on his initiatives. As chairman of the FIL Sports Committee and Executive Committee member from 2007 to 2014 he brought in these and other. The enterprising Benz also initiated the integration of the Swiss luge team as a training association with the German World Cup team.Evette Bryan
She is the Manager Treasury and Trading at Victoria Mutual Wealth Management. She has been with the WMBS Wealth Management since 2001 in various capacities from client advisor to her current position. Prior to joining VMBS Wealth Management she spent eight years with National Commercial Bank.
She successfully achieved an MBA from the Mona School of Business in 2007 in banking and finance graduating with honours and is also a graduate of Fitz Ritson and Associates (FR&A) where she successfully completed the Portfolio Management and Strategic Financial Management programme and Financial Analysis Programme. Evette to date still with the highest grades in the history of the FR&A in the Portfolio Management Programme.
Evette Lectures in the Securities and Portfolio Management Programme, the Pension Programme and the Financial Analysis Programme
Mrs. Bryan is very involved in community development; a Member of the Board of St. Benedict the Moor Primary School and a member of the Finance Committee of the St. Theresa’s Catholic Church.
She has been with Fitz Ritson and Associates since 2007 and is currently one of the two coordinators/supervisors in Fitz Ritson and Associates programmes.Try typing “romantic comedy KDramas” into Google and it will provide a plethora of suggestions that can quickly become overwhelming. South Korean television shows (a.k.a. Kdramas) have been a popular form of entertainment throughout the world for several decades and is currently finding an audience among western nations. Additionally, some American shows are remakes of Kdramas, such as ABC's "The Good Doctor."
Kdramas for the new fan
Unlike American shows, Kdramas follow a limited series format. While some weekend dramas tend to run longer, most shows run for about six to 10 weeks while releasing two episodes a week instead of one like American shows.
This makes it easy for a new fan to catch up on all the popular shows.
If you want to get in on the action, here are five cute and funny romantic comedies that are great for the new Kdrama fan.
Kdrama 1: "Coffee Prince"
By working multiple part-time jobs a young woman has taken over providing for her family after her father died. Due to her looks, many people often mistake her for a man. This allows her to get a steady job at a coffee shop that only hires good-looking young men. While it’s great for her and her family, it causes romantic confusion when her boss starts to fall in love with her.
Not only is this Kdrama full of comedic wit, it’s also a great introduction to Korean culture.
Kdrama 2: "Strong Woman Do Bong-Soon"
If you are looking for some hilarious action alongside a love triangle, "Strong Woman Do Bong-Soon" is a perfect option.
With help from her boss An Min-Hyuk, Do Bong-Soon tries to keep her superhuman strength a secret from her childhood crush In Kook-Doo. Inevitably, sparks fly between all three of them as they fight crime and find love in this Kdrama.
Kdrama 3: "Oh My Ghost"
Na Bong-Sun dreams of being a chef like her boss and secret crush Kang Sun-Woo.
However, she has trouble succeeding at work because she can see ghosts who also love to torment her. One day a ghost, who can’t leave this earth until she settles her grudge of dying a virgin, possesses Na Bon-Sun and goes after her unknowing boss.
"Oh My Ghost" (also known as "Oh My Ghostess") is a cute and addictive binge watching Kdrama.
Though the plot seems simple on the surface, its clever twists and turns leave viewers on the edge of their seats!
Kdrama 4: "Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-Joo"
Kim Bok-Joo is a typical female weightlifter working towards an Olympic gold medal when she suddenly finds love in the most unexpected places.
"Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-Joo" is a brilliant and endearing show about young love and finding the strength to follow through on what you are passionate about. The chemistry between the two leads will melt the heart of everyone watching.
Kdrama 5: "Fight My Way"
Ko Dong-Man grew up dreaming of being a taekwondo fighter while Choi Ae-Ra wanted to become an announcer. As adults, neither of their dreams came true.
Then one day Ko Dong-Man decides to quit his job and pursue his dream despite the obstacles. He encourages Choi Ae-Ra to do the same.
"Fight My Way" is full of laughter from start to finish as the two leads and their friends try to figure out how to “adult” and follow their dreams, while also finding love along the way.
Honorable mention
Without a doubt, "I’m Not a Robot" is a must-see. It follows a wealthy man who is deathly allergic to humans. One day he agrees to test out a new humanoid robot. Unbeknownst to him, however, the robot is actually a human in disguise.
Witty and unbelievably cute, this Kdrama will leave viewers believing true love can overcome every obstacle. With endearing characters and the leading actors' phenomenal chemistry, this show will draw you in until the very end.
The gift that keeps on giving
While there are so many more precious and fantastic shows that could be included on this list, these rom-com Kdramas are great for someone who is looking for something unique and lighthearted while also discovering what all the fuss is about. There is always something for everyone, and part of the fun is discovering what shows are out there.
Welcome to Dramaland! We hope you enjoy your stay in the world of Kdramas!At some stage in your IT career, you’ll need to write a resume. Whether you’re just starting out, or you’re looking for a new job after some time in the industry, getting to know what the best format of a resume is will help your resume stand out and get you the job interview that you want.
What Does The Resume Format Mean?
The format of the resume refers to how the different sections on a resume are set out. When you create a resume, it should include different sections for all of the information you want to include. This is so that the reader (whether they are the recruiter, HR, or a technical team member in the company) knows who you are and can make a decision on whether you’re a good fit for the job.
IT resumes are slightly different to resumes from other industries for a few reasons. We have a lot of certifications. It’s not the kind of industry where we can just finish uni and stop studying. To progress in our career, we need to keep studying and get certifications in different areas. This means that there is often a Certification section on the resume that contains details of this.
There are also a lot of different areas within IT. Because I only really focus on software-related roles on this site, I can only highlight those kinds of roles (development, testing, business analysis, project management, architecture, design, etc). This still means there are a lot of different paths and methods to get where you want in your career.
So, What’s The Best Format For A Resume?
- Name and contact details
- Objective or summary (depending on your experience)
- Education (if you are just out of college) or Experience (if you have some experience)
- Education or Experience (whichever one wasn’t added above)
- Certifications (if you have a few of them)
- Other Interests (if relevant)
Let’s go into this in more detail.
Name and Contact Details at the Top of a Resume
When thinking about the format of a resume, the name should go first. Your name and contact details should go at the top of a resume. Your name should stand out, so the reader knows exactly who’s resume they are reading. Also, don’t use a nickname on your resume. Full name is usually better.
Near your name goes your contact details. This should include your email address (which should be a professional looking one), phone number, and maybe a suburb or city. Don’t put your address down, as it’s not really needed at this stage. Also, make sure you don’t put your work phone number or email address down. It’s not good to have job interview emails and requests come through while at work.
Objective or Summary Comes Next
Adding an Objective or Summary statement to your resume has caused divided opinions in the industry. Some people say you don’t need to have one, as it’s a waste of space and isn’t really relevant. Others say it’s good to have a short description of yourself for readers to see.
Personally, I think it’s good to have, as long as it’s short and well-written.
The difference between the two is an Objective statement is usually used by junior employees or graduates, and it’s more of a statement that says “here is what I want to achieve with my career or job”. A Summary statement, on the other hand, is used by more experienced IT professionals and is a description of what roles and experience they have, kind of like a “here is what I have done and can do”. Which one you use comes down to your level of experience, but they should go in the same spot.
This is good to add just under your name and contact details, so it’s easy for the reader to see.
Education or Experience Is Next
Basically, at this stage you should put either your Education or Experience section. But which one goes first?
Education summarises all of your education, such as high school and college or university. It includes your degrees and majors. Experience, on the other hand, is a history of your roles and achievements at different companies.
In short, if you have more than a few years of experience, put the Experience section first. If you don’t, put the Education section first.
Both areas should contain the information in reverse chronological order, which means that the most recent item is at the top, and then it works backwards from there.
Then, you add the section which you didn’t add first. So, if you added Education first, then Experience comes next.
Where Do Certifications Go On A Resume?
As the IT industry has a lot of certifications, there’s a good chance that we end up getting quite a few certifications in our time. But for the format of a resume, where do we put them?
This depends on how many you have. If you have a few of them, they can go in their own Certification section. If you don’t, then they can go into the Education section.
What does this mean for your resume? It can get a bit confusing when trying to organise the Education, Certification and Experience sections on a resume.
Here’s what I think:
- If you have a few years’ experience and a few certifications: Experience, Education, then Certifications
- If you have a few years’ experience and not many certifications: Experience, Education (includes Certifications)
- If you have less than a few years’ experience and a few certifications: Education, Certifications, then Experience
- If you have less than a few years’ experience and not many certifications: Education then Experience
Next Comes the Skills Section
Another important section on the resume for IT professionals is the Skills section.
This should always go after experience and education, and even certifications, as it’s not as important as those sections.
The skills section highlights your capabilities with different technologies, software and other areas of the IT industry. This can be written based on your experience, education from university or college, or even your certifications. It highlights what you’re good at, and ideally, it would match your experience.
Finally, the Other Interests Section
At the bottom of your resume, you can add the Other Interests section. This should be added only if you have space. Also, it should only contain relevant interests and awards. Things that demonstrate abilities that can help you get the job, such as communication, project management, teamwork. These kinds of skills and interests can demonstrate qualities that job seekers like.
So there’s a summary of what I’ve found is the best format of a resume. Name, contact details, objective/summary, education/experience, certifications, other interests.On the south east side of Vancouver Island is a pastoral setting of rolling green fertile hills and majestic softwood rainforests: the Cowichan Valley. Mediterranean growing seasons and mild maritime winters make it the most important agricultural area on Vancouver Island. This is British Columbia’s newest wine-growing region.
>>.
[C] Customer Service
Customer Service is an essential aspect of any successful business. It is the one-on-one interaction that takes place between customers receiving different services and service providers.
When you approach a beauty salon for your makeup, facial or massage, apart from offering quality service,
the staff should ensure the following things :
(1) Look into the comfort level of customers.
(2) Check if their skins are sensitive to the use of certain cosmetic products.
(3) Reduce the waiting time of customers.
(4) Reach out to the customers for feedback after they have undergone certain services in your salon and offer help, in case of any problem.
List of Services Offered 😳
In this section, we will talk about the different types of services which you can avail after paying a visit to a beauty salon.
They are as follows :
⊕ Massage Toowoomba
People reach out to a salon not just for makeup but also to avail other essential services. One of the most essential services is to take a massage as well.
(1) Massage Toowoomba helps customers to unwind from the pressure they go through because of immense workload, thus put them on the path towards attaining wellness, vitality and ultimate level of relaxation.
(2) This essential service results in transforming the whole mindset of customers, who are suffering from stress and tension.
(3) The experienced and well-trained individuals, who deliver this quality service to their customers in a beauty salon, help to renew their spirits, freshen-up their minds and enhance one’s natural radiance from undergoing this holistic treatment.
(4) Receiving massages can act as a therapeutic treatment that helps you attain numerous health benefits by reducing muscle spasms, improve blood circulation, stimulate the lymphatics system, increase the mobility and flexibility of joints and also improve the skin tone as well.
⊕ Facials Toowoomba
People often show their interest in undertaking facial service after they visit a salon. Facials, other than improving one’s look and complexion, come up with several other benefits as well.
They include the following :
(a) The professionals make use of products to provide nourishment to one’s skin Toowoomba.
(b) Facials help you to stay clear from any kind of damage.
(c) A beauty salon understands the importance of using only those products, as part of their facial service, which is ideally suited for specific skin types.
(d) Before implementing the products on the customers’ skins, they are chosen very carefully to bring forth instant results.
(e) The deep cleansing technique helps to get rid of hidden dirt in one’s skin.
⊕ Wedding Makeup Toowoomba
Beauty salons tend to face a massive increase in customers’ footfall especially when the wedding season is around the corner.
That’s when people tend to take professional assistance for getting a perfect look while they visit a wedding ceremony which would instantly attract the attention of others.
The service of wedding makeup Toowoomba offered by professionally trained and skilled makeup artists would light up one’s wedding day.
You can achieve the following benefits from this service :
(α) Transform yourselves to get a glamorous look for this important day.
(β) Constant interaction takes place between customers and professionals to deliver the ideal hairstyle and facial look.
(γ) The professionals take complete care of one’s skin by using only those products which would not react negatively with one’s skin. The level of care and professionalism that are undertaken by beauty salon experts are equivalent to those provided by a skin clinic Toowoomba .
⊕ Intense Pulse Light Therapy
This is a form of treatment that makes use of light waves to target skin problems attained due to damage from sun’s rays, uneven pigmentation, acne and many more issues.
(i) Paying a visit to a beauty salon can not only help you get rid of all these above-mentioned problems but the professionals can also implement IPL Hair Removal Toowoomba for removing unwanted hair in your skin.
(ii) The flash of light energy travels right inside the pores of one’s skin and it would seek out a target whether it is brown pigmentation, hair pigmentation or acne bacteria.
(iii) As and when the light energy gets delivered to the chromophore, it would be disabled quickly by heating it.
⊕ Brazilian Butt Lift
This procedure helps to enhance the appearance of their butt for creating a much more attractive of the body. One can undergo this procedure in Brazilian Toowoomba and attain the necessary benefits.
They are as follows :
(1) It can transform a flat backside to a rounded one.
(2) The best thing about this Brazilian Butt Lift procedure is that it even involves liposuction method.
(3) This helps to fully augment the proportions of the fleshy part in one’s backside.
(4) Customers can maintain their slim and trim figure despite adding mass to their butt.
List of Advanced Equipment Used For The Purpose of Beautification ⇓
There are a number of advanced pieces of equipment used for the beautification of customers.
They are as follows :
[A] DIODE LASER 808 HAIR REMOVAL MACHINE
[B] MASSAGING FACIAL CLEANSER
[C] PORE REFINING BRUSH and MASK TOOL
[D] MASSAGING EYE WAND SET
[E] ULTRASONIC TABLE TOP SYSTEM
[F] DIAMOND MICRODERMABRASION II
[G] SKIN SCANNER
[H] FACIAL STEAMER
[I] OXYOASIS ADVANCED OXYGEN FACIAL SYSTEM
[J] 8 IN 1 WITH LUMA MAG LAMP
Wrapping Up
We have seen how a beauty salon helps individuals to transform their look, complexion and hence receive numerous services for achieving the same. Apart from makeup, facials, and massages, salons also offer makeup services for attending kids party.
Thus, the professionals of a salon need to keep up their work ethic, use skin-friendly products and courteously treat their customers.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
____ Maria Mitchell (American astronomer )
Mumbai/Nagpur: Anurag Thakur was unanimously elected as BCCI President in the Board’s Special General Meeting (SGM) here on Sunday. Thakur will be replacing Shashank Manohar who stepped down from the position to take up the ICC chief’s job.
Thakur, who was serving as the Secretary of the Board, was proposed for the job by the East Zone, whose turn it was to project the candidate for the coveted post. Thakur, also a BJP MP in Lok Sabha, had the backing of all the east zone members including Bengal, Assam, Jharkhand, Tripura and the National Cricket Club.. Manohar was elected as ICC’s first independent chairman on May 12
There are many fine film, theatre, TV, games, music, fashion and food critics. Make your own list of the popular arts and take your pick. But do we need some more of those independent-minded souls who stand back a bit from the fray?
As someone who works in the film world, perhaps I'd better take my lead example from another sphere. It's prompted by the occasional attack of grumpiness which strikes when one reads an album review which is a bit too glib and of the moment.
The shining, synaesthetic exception to this syndrome has to be Laura Barton's fortnightly "Hail, Hail, Rock and Roll" column in the Friday Film and Music Guardian. I'm one of her growing army of fanatical fans.
So how is she different? Well, her subject is as likely to be Van Morrison, or The Pixies, or Sixties Soul, as it is to be Josh T Pearson, Laura Marling or Broken Social Scene. She's the polar opposite of a slave to the latest press release or promotional event (though she's a skilled and evocative interviewer).But there's much more. She clearly listens over and over again to the songs she writes about. She listens to lyrics with maximum intentness, and will obsess over the significance of a single word like "that" in a way which would interest an Empson or Geoffrey Hill. She writes like the novelist we know she is and the poet I take her to be. Often the starting point for Laura Barton's exquisite meditations will be a biographical story, a personal epiphany which she has experienced. She is in the process of making art out of her life and work.
We have many fine film critics, across broadsheets, tabloids and weeklies, who are not slaves to the moment. Just staying with the Guardian/Observer family, for the sake of illustration, we have the magisterial biographical pungency of David Thompson, the sparkling insights of Peter Bradshaw, the mellow perspective and context of Philip French, and the unique combination of cred and scholarship which is Mark Kermode. The blogoshphere is a happy hunting ground, where people like David Bordwell and Jonathan Rosenbaum are able to write expansively. But I'm not sure the film world yet has its own Laura Barton. Anyhow, she is unique!
What on earth has any of this got to do with the British Board of Film Classification?
Several things, actually. First, we know we can't be film reviewers, at least in the sense that it wouldn't be fair for us to write knocking copy. Yet the public demand for trustworthy, clear but also sensitive and nuanced content information is growing all the time, and we can provide it. In the online world that becomes even more important. Second, many pupils, students and teachers want to know the often complex classification histories of films like "A Clockwork Orange" or "Salo" or "Crash", and we can do that too. We are aiming to launch a podcast in the Autumn. It will supplement our websites and BBFC App (which provides a link through to one of the jewels in our crown, our Extended Classification Information).
We work to Guidelines which are based on very widescale public consultation. More than that, I am lucky to have very talented colleagues, whose ranks include film directors, published novelists and bloggers on food, fashion and the difficult art of bringing up small children.
As with the sort of critic I am celebrating, we want to offer a quality of decisions, information and educational activity which stands the test of time. We know we can't ever quite be Laura Bartons of the film world. But I can think of few more inspiring models.Demi Lovato Red Carpet Dress
Demi lovato revealed a hint about what she s planning on wearing for her wedding to max ehrich and it s not what you d expect at all.
Demi lovato red carpet dress.
Source : pinterest.com
Random Posts
- Diamond Rugs Live
- Dish Drying Rack Or Mat
- Diploma Matting Frames
- Decorative Copper Pipe Covers
- Dinosaur Rugs For Kids Rooms
- Dell Latitude 14 Rugged 5414 Battery Replacement
- Dining Area Rugs Ideas
- Dr Appliance Repairs Birmingham
- Different Types Of Rugs
- Dark Copper Bath Sink
- Dream On Me Universal Convertible Crib Toddler Guard Rail Espresso
- Dream On Me Convertible Crib Manual
- Discontinued Armstrong Hardwood Flooring
- Drain Pipe Supply Near Me
- Detail King Auto Carpet Dye
- Decorative Commercial Outdoor Lighting Fixtures
- Die Antwoord Ten Ion Vinyl
- Different Area Rugs
- Downtown Vancouver Appliance Repair
- Disney Gray FlooringBy Joanna Robinson | Station Agents | October 29, 2013 |
By Joanna Robinson | Station Agents | October 29, 2013 |
In which Josh, Dustin and Joanna talk about all the obscene and messed up things that when down on our TVs!
2:38 “SNL”
7:18 “Halloween Comedy Episodes”
9:56 “The Good Wife Madness”
18:46 “The Walking Dead”
25:50 “American Horror Story: Coven”
28:52 “Sons of Anarchy/Boardwalk Empire”
35:31 “Masters of Sex”
37:07 “Trophy Wife”
38:26 “The Middle”
40:16 “Top 5”
43:20 “The Goldbergs”
A very special thanks to Jasmine Markes who designed our logo and our magnificent tech guru, Corey Atad.
← All The Great Mustache-y Bits From Last Night's Swanson-tastic 'The Daily Show' | 5 Reasons 'Trophy Wife' is TV's Best New Family Sitcom →
Buy a Pajiba T-Shirt at the Pajiba StoreMagicDraw is the award-winning software modeling tool with teamwork support. Designed for Systems Analysts, Architects, Programmers, QA Engineers, and Documentation Writers, this dynamic and versatile development tool facilitates analysis and design of Object Oriented (OO) systems. Our unique strength is a model-centric approach using MagicDraw as a hub for the software development lifecycle (SDLC). The model-centric approach to software development brings added value to your IT activities by integrating modeling artifacts from business requirements to implementation architecture.
MagicDraw fully supports OMG UML 2 modeling language and all the diagrams the UML standard defines. The product has consistently been the most compliant to the UML standard. This is why many companies partner, integrate, or OEM MagicDraw. In addition to this, MagicDraw has extended support for UML profiles and custom diagrams. MagicDraw can easily be transformed into a product supporting any domain-specific language which supports the needs of a specific field.
MagicDraw provides the industry's best code engineering mechanism (with full round-trip support for Java, C++, C#, CL (MSIL) and CORBA IDL programming languages), as well as reverse engineering capabilities.
Benefits
MagicDraw, now considered one of the most popular UML modeling tools in the world, also serves as a component for other modeling products offered by Catia No Magic. MagicDraw's derivatives are designed for areas of Enterprise Architecture, Defense Architecture, Business Processes, Systems Engineering, and Data Modeling. All Catia No Magic's products facilitate a model driven approach and integrate smoothly, because they all are based on a single platform – MagicDraw.
Core MagicDraw value proposition for software engineering:
Preserve corporate knowledge
Keep artifacts developed in teams in a central versioned repository; see records on who, what and when - changes were made to the model
Keep artifacts produced in ALL design phases in one single consistent model
Share and reuse knowledge from other projects
Export data to other formats: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, OpenOffice documents, CSV, XML, HTML and others
Import data from Excel, CSV, requirements management tools (DOORS, Requisite Pro)
Manage complexity
Analyze, design and view systems in several abstraction levels
Setup traceability between different abstraction levels, e.g. easily navigate from requirements to design or test cases and vice versa
Analyze dependencies between system parts for easier system refactoring
Validate early and assess the system before the system is even created
Perform coverage analysis
Perform impact analysis
Decompose the project into smaller projects easily and transparently
Reuse a project or its parts in other projects
Automate development and artifact delivery
Use model driven architecture (MDA) as way to produce platform-specific artifacts from platform-independent artifacts
Generate project documentation
Automatically exchange data changes between team members via our teamwork solution(s)
Validate the system being designed in an automated way
Value propositions categorized by role are available here.
UML in the Software Development Process
Domain analysis model
Visual concept dictionary
Use case scenarios
Activity diagram trails
Test case action flows
Test data object structures
Interactions for test scenarios
Implementation architecture
Package structure
Interaction scenarios
Detailed class and data models
Code generation from UML
Visualization of code structure
Model transformations
Code model analysis
Catia No Magic consultants come from years of business analysis and design experience, in the Big Five consulting firms as well as various government consulting agencies. Catia No Magic extends this powerhouse of consulting with partnerships with the other major software product companies and their resources, to deliver first rate consulting no matter what the stage of software development lifecycle.
Catia No Magic Professional Services possesses the creative and technical resources to transform business strategies into software solutions - whether it is an existing company seeking better software solutions or an emerging company ready to launch their technical solutions.It’s midnight and outside The Glory, one of London’s newest gay bars, I’m part of a pick ‘n’ mix of queers that’s trailing down the Haggerston end of Kingsland Road, towards Shoreditch. We’re waiting, in the January cold, to get inside, have several G&Ts and dance with some drag queens. The bar is co-owned, after all, by East London’s doyenne of drag, Jonny Woo. When I reach the packed downstairs club, ABBA is playing and I start to wonder if the gay scene is now stratified with so many layers of irony that its about to collapse in on itself. My own kitsch-induced existential crisis aside, the queue I just waited in did not exactly scream “gay scene in distress”.
Over the past few years, the recession has pummelled and squeezed London like a Skittle-fed toddler let loose on the Play-Doh. It’s reshaped things. Gentrification has made entire boroughs of the city uninhabitable for anyone on anything less than an £100k salary. A lot of small businesses have suffered, but none more so, it seems, than those catering to the LGBT community.
At least 12 gay venues have faced closure in recent years. A handful more, including South London’s celebrated Royal Vauxhall Tavern, which was sold last year, are now at risk. Although there have also been closures in Brighton and Manchester, two major gay hubs, it’s in London where the issue is becoming serious.
G-A-Y, one of London’s most famous gay clubs.
For 20 years now, the internet has been instrumental in uniting LGBT people. With dating apps like Grindr at out fingertips, anywhere with 3G signal, be it a farm in Warwickshire or a suburban bedroom can be transformed into a meeting place for gay people looking for love, friendship or a quick fuck. To quote Channel 4’s new gay comedy, Cucumber, “everywhere’s a gay bar now”. But there’s some sense in which the glut of digital ways to hook up is driving real, meatspace queer culture underground. When we can so easily access other LGBT people outside of specifically queer spaces, opening a new gay venue becomes risky.
So, wasn’t this the case for Jonny Woo and his business partner and boyfriend, Colin Rothbart, when they decided to open The Glory in December last year?
“Me and Jonny had been looking for venues for three years,” says Rothbart, “We didn’t know that so many others were going to shut down. When we started looking, Haggerston was up and coming. Now it’s up and come.”
Rothbart, 42, is a filmmaker whose East London drag documentary, Dressed As A Girl, premieres at this year’s BFI LGBT film festival. He started going out on the gay scene in the mid-Nineties, when he was a student in Manchester.
“I didn’t have any gay friends for quite a long time,” says Rothbart, “The only way I met other gay people was by going to gay bars, and I used to do that by myself. Before things like Grindr that was the only way to do it.”
Nowadays, Rothbart points out, as well as new technology making gay life that bit easier, social attitudes towards LGBT people have changed significantly. “In a lot of straight bars in London, if two men kissed, most people wouldn’t bat an eyelid,” says Rothbart, “And now we’re protected by a lot of legislation, which wasn’t around in the Nineties.”
Rothbart’s experience of the Nineties gay scene is similar to that of journalist Feargus O’Sullivan, who also started going to gay venues in London when he was seventeen. “I actually started by accident,” he said. “I used to go clubbing every weekend with a straight friend and we didn’t always have much of a clue which clubs were straight and which ones weren’t.”
O’Sullivan explains that, 20 years ago, if you were gay and looking for love or sex, your options were limited. “It felt like a given that there were only a few specially set aside rooms – bars, clubs – in the city where such things were to be found. If you were looking for sex you had to either make do with whoever was in the room or make an endless trawl from bar to bar.”
The Royal Vauxhall Tavern has been sold. Photo: Flickr/Ewan Munro
But if technology were playing a significant part in shutting down gay venues, wouldn’t it be happening in places other than London? “Some Manchester venues have been experiencing difficulties over the past few months,” says Sian Payne, a director at the Lesbian and Gay Foundation (LGF), a charity based in the heart of the city’s famous gay village. But she explains that the ones that do are usually quick to reopen.
Payne says that closed gay bars in Manchester tend to reopen quite swiftly, refurbished or under new ownership, and remain gay bars. Payne says, if anything, the gay village is diversifying and, these days, is home to LGBT cafés as well as clubs and bars.
Payne is overwhelmingly positive about the wellbeing of her city’s gay scene. She says that when Queer As Folk (for anyone a little bit clueless about gay culture, that’s a TV series that came out – pun most definitely intended – in 1999. It was set in Manchester’s gay village) became popular, gay life in Manchester had a bit of a moment. “We’ll see if that happens again with Cucumber,” says Payne. Cucumber is Queer As Folk writer Russell T Davies’s latest creation; it’s also centred around being gay in Manchester.
Canal Street, the heart of Manchester’s gay village. Photo: Flickr/Tecmark Ltd
Moving west, filmmaker Tim Brunsden speaks to me from Liverpool. Brunsden’s Save The Tavern is another film on the BFI Flare (LGBT film festival) programme. The 45-minute documentary began as a collection of videos celebrating the 150th birthday of the Royal Vauxhall Tavern, one of London’s most historic gay venues. Towards the end of filming, the Tavern was sold. At this point, the film took on a whole new, even more poignant, meaning as the future of the much-loved Vauxhall pub is now uncertain. Brunsden tells me that the venue was sold for around £2m (this is unconfirmed). “But its cultural value is so much more than that,” he says.
Having lived in London 15 years, Brunsden has now moved up north. So what’s going on in Liverpool, gay scene-wise? He says that there have recently been a few drugs raids on gay venues in the city. This month, Garlands, one of Liverpool’s biggest gay clubs, was temporarily closed by the police. There haven’t been any permanent closures though.
Back in London, it’s another cold evening. I’m outside Tower Hamlets town hall and, once again, I’m surrounded by queers. Though this time they aren’t drunk; they’re angry. Towards the end of last year, the Joiners Arms, one of East London’s most-loved gay pubs, fell victim to the closure epidemic. The plan, it emerged, was to demolish the venue to make way for luxury flats. Now, if there’s one way to piss off London’s queer socialists (of which there are a buttload), it’s to gentrify one of their favourite hangouts into yet another giant yuppie crate that no one can afford to live in. So, in an attempt to bar this redevelopment, a cluster of angry queers, armed with placards and banners, are standing outside Tower Hamlets council HQ. I speak to some of them.
“Isn’t this horrible?” says Dan Glass, 31, a community worker and activist. He motions towards the imposing and dead-behind-the-windows stack of glass and concrete that is the town hall. It’s no Taj Mahal, I’ll give him that. “All of London’s going to look like this, eventually.”
A protest to protect the Joiners Arms.
But what, exactly, is the aim of this protest? Charity worker Jane Clendon, 48, explains that she and the rest of the Save The Joiners group successfully attained asset of community value (ACV) status for the pub. This helps to protect it from developers’ wrecking balls. Recently though, property developers Robobond managed to get the Joiners’ ACV status repealed. Not only do the protesters want the ACV status reinstated, they’re also aiming to turn the Joiners into a much-needed LGBT community centre.
“There’s no queer community centre in London, which is horrific,” says Glass, who believes that, in failing to recognise the importance and cultural significance of venues like the Joiners, the government is to blame for the recent spate of closures. And the apathy (when it comes to all things queer) by those in power, combined with market forces really does seem to be eating away at London’s gay scene.
“When a developer wants to redevelop a venue, they don’t give a flying fuck if it’s a gay bar,” says Michael, aka Sleazy Michael, a sex worker and self-described “male escort with a conscience”. “The sterilisation and sanitisation of social spaces in London all comes down to money.”
This view is certainly shared by those behind Save Soho – a group campaigning to preserve Soho’s cultural heritage and protect it from redevelopment. It’s founder, the musician Tim Arnold who has been running his own music label from a Soho bedsit for a decade, tells me: “In the last few years, I’ve seen all the venues I’ve been performing in throughout my career shut down.”
Madame Jojo’s, Soho’s famous cabaret club, has closed. Photo: Flickr/Radio Saigón
Save Soho, backed by the likes of Stephen Fry and Benedict Cumberbatch, has fast become one of London’s most vocal and starry anti-gentrification movements. Its focus isn’t on any one given facet of Soho, like the gay scene, but rather the area’s cultural significance as a whole. It just so happens that the gay scene forms a sizeable chunk of that cultural significance. Arnold, although not gay himself, comes from what he describes as a “gay family”. His mother, actor and singer Polly Perkins, is a lesbian who presented London’s first Gay Pride in 1979. In light of his connections to and affection for gay Soho, I asked Arnold for his thoughts on the recent closure of cabaret club and queer hub, Madame Jojo’s.
“Madame Jojo’s was more than just a music venue,” he said, “It was an emblem of alternative performing arts. And an incredible place of inclusion, which was enjoyed by the transgender community as well.”
Who, though, does Arnold think is to blame for the ongoing blandification of the West End’s little pocket of glitter and filth?
“People talk about developers and landlords being the cause of all this, and I don’t agree,” says Arnold, “They’re just doing their job. The government, on the other hand, have overlooked the fact that Soho should not be an area that’s affected by development.”
According to Arnold, Crossrail, London’s new railway due to open in 2018, has, and will continue to have, a harmful impact on the area.
“Soho has never been a destination point,” said Arnold, “It’s somewhere most visitors discover when they’re trying to get from Regent Street to Charing Cross Road, or Fitzrovia to Leicester Square. It is and always has been the happiest accident. To suddenly [make it a destination point] is going to dramatically change that happy accident.”
The development of Crossrail, it seems, is to blame for a great deal of the chopping and changing going on in Soho. Last year, it was reported that the area’s Curzon cinema may be demolished to make way for a ticket office. A petition to save the cinema, posted on 38 Degrees, now has over 20,000 signatures.
Back to Tower Hamlets town hall. Michael is something of a fixture on the London gay scene in general, be it Soho, the East End or Vauxhall, and has a lot to say about what’s going on. “It’s about time our community bloody woke up,” he says from behind a cloud of e-cigarette smoke. “This is not just about the Joiners Arms. This is a real and present danger to our whole community.”
I ask the protesters whether they think the LGBT community in particular is under attack by councils keen on “sanitising” their boroughs. Glass is quick to answer.
“I think it’s a very British, stiff upper lip, conservative way of making a specific attack on the community,” he says. “These politicians just don’t have a clue. Their world is predominantly rich, white, straight, able-bodied Etonites. I don’t know if they’re inherently evil, they’re just clueless about what real people have to face.”
To me, it seems unlikely that gay venues are being singled out. Closures of LGBT bars, pubs and clubs, it appears, are just a very nasty by-product of a far broader programme of sterilisation currently underway in our capital. Sky-rocketing rental costs, of both commercial and residential properties, are bleeding areas like Soho of creative energy. And, as a wise man called Sleazy Michael once said, we need to wake up.Brushing up on Sports Massages
Here at Gosforth Physio, we’re keen to straighten out an all-too-common myth surrounding sports massages. Despite a somewhat misleading name, this treatment is not exclusively for elite athletes. Simply because you don’t consider yourself an athlete doesn’t mean you’re discounted from reaping the physio-therapeutic benefits of sports massages. Designed with a variety of activity levels and complaints in mind, our Newcastle physiotherapist is helping to do away with the hesitation surrounding this treatment.
When to Loosen Up
Treating a medley of biomechanical, muscular and even psychological complaints, the influence of sports massages is truly wide-reaching. Whether you’re struggling with muscle pain, stiffness, tension, soreness or even a sprain or strain, this non-invasive treatment could put an end to your physical woes. For those of you enduring sleepless nights, now may be the time to invest in the stress relieving benefits of sports massages. If your circumstances tally with any of these symptoms, then we’d strongly recommend trying out one of our sports massages.
How they Help
The question remains, how exactly do they help? Not only an effective form of pain relief, patients can also enjoy an increased range of motion with up to four degrees more flexibility. So if you notch up 10 miles a day running or prefer those leisurely half hour walks, this is sure to be good news. What’s more, muscle fibres recover more rapidly demonstrating the quicker rehabilitation or healing times achieved through this treatment. Simply can’t relax? It’ll come as no surprise that these cure-all sports massages can even relieve pent up stress and anxiety, helping you cast those cares aside.
Be prepared: ‘Prehabilitation’
When tension or pain relief is on your doorstep, it begs the question: why go on without it? We’ve found that patients are often reluctant to undergo physiotherapy for fear of time-wasting, believing their complaint isn’t serious enough. We couldn’t discourage this attitude more. As an essential preventative step, undergoing our sports massages helps to lessen the likelihood of recurring damage in the long run, such as repetitive strain injuries or chronic oedema. By releasing tension before it negatively impacts your movement, you can pre-emptively keep your health in check. Don’t discount your physiotherapy needs any longer. With our bespoke sports massages, our Newcastle Physiotherapist can swiftly treat your specific complaints. Simply contact our friendly team on 0191 284 9111 to book or browse online for further information.Being:
Tag: morning.
Morning Ritual to Keep You Energetic All Day Long
How […]67221-4306
In Stock Online
FREE Shipping Eligible! Learn More
Note: Manufacturer does not allow coupons
This item earns up to 40 VIP Reward Points Learn More
Trail Thermal Gloves stave-off chilly weather and feature a wind-resistant 3-layer softshell upper making them perfect for long trail rides when the temperature drops. And while they excel in warmth, they keep bulk at a minimum to ensure a confident and comfortable grip on the bars.
Features:
This product was added to our catalog on November 2, 2021Mahamukti, in its true sense, refers to the freedom and liberation of one’s mind from the materialistic pleasure of the pragmatic world. Mahamukti Yoga is Yoga Allaince Registered 300 hours YTTC Rishikesh Teacher Training Course, Yoga Retreats in Rishikesh.
The Yoga collage.
Receiving training from the yoga experts helps the students to achieve tremendous physical and mental blissful state that lasts forever with you. Best yoga ttc in rishikesh poses collage is a great way to overcome the stress and promotes self-awareness. Various forms of yoga are practised around the world. It let the people discover inner harmony and calmness which help them to tackle pressure of daily stress.
Yoga and Meditation is the best way to make your lifestyle peaceful & healthier. To get more information about the best yoga and fitness tips, contact Mahamukti Yoga School. We offer the best collage ofI Look Men Dayton sex
Sex Married Woman Wants Free Pussy I Want To Eat Your Pussy, Today!
I physiy cannot drive, so Dayton sex use public transportation and my legs. Ill be goin back to Davidson County Community College in Mocksville,NC. It was a requirement of hers, that when she walked into the room, with just the two of us there, I would have to kneel down behind her, peel down her panties and make like to her dayton sex. We'll take it from there and see what happens.
Views: 5252
Sex and passion are important parts of intimate relationships, dayton sex said. By Amelia Robinson. Amelia Robinson.
Registered sex offenders in Dayton, Ohio - crimes listed, registry-based, living in this city
What to Know. All What to Know Dayton Strong: What to Do.
What to Love. Accessibility Help.
I Am Look Sex Dating
Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Explore local businesses on Facebook. Sign Up.Melbourne Morning Phonesex
Sex Place Lounge. Posts about Sex Place. Brian Brian was eating drinking adult beverages at Sex Place.
dsyton Sex Place. Brian Brian checked in to Sex Place. Military, Offense date: Green Hair color: Military - Blonde Height: Gray Height: Red Height: Black Hair color: Asian Or Pac.
Based on dayton sex official offender page. Kidnapping Zip Code: Minnesota, Offense date: Kentucky, Offense date: Federal, Offense date: Georgia, Offense date: South Dakota, Offense date: Unknown Hair color: Unknown Height: New York, Offense date: Arizona, Offense date: Oklahoma, Offense date: Dayton sex, Offense date: Bald Height: Pennsylvania, Dyton date: Tennessee, Offense date: No Selection Based on this official offender page.
Reviews on Sex Shop in Dayton, OH - Annex, Cirilla's, AdultMart, Hustler Hollywood, Spencer's. See sex offender databases for the local, state and national levels. Address. Dayton, Ohio Brian Brian was eating 小酌串燒 at Sex Place. . Chilling drinking beer and eating Chinese food. Sex Place. Lounge · Dayton, OH.
Nevada, Offense date: West Virginia, Offense date: Virginia, Offense date: Florida, Offense date: Sandy Height: Gray Hair color: White Height: Colorado, Dayton sex date: Kentucky, Statute:Short hairstyles for mature women. Short Haircuts for older or mature ladies. With the passage of time and in mature age everyone loose youthful look and charm, it’s a natural. But it doesn’t mean we never make our look stylish and cute.
There are a lot of factors like hairstyles, latest beauty trends and makeup ideas which make us still younger and youthful.
So, hairstyle is one of them which will discuss here for mature women. Although there are a lot of hairstyles for older ladies but we would like to write here about short hairstyles. This is really easy to create and after that, they can easily maintain them for a long time without having any special technique of hair-styling.
Short Hairstyles for Mature Women can be tried on all types of hair whether dull, dry, straight or curly. They can make your face look mature and sober but also make you look younger than your age. Try these hairstyles to get the confidence you have always been looking for.
Usually, we have seen that mature women want to wear serious and calm hairstyles because in this mature age they don’t want to wear luxuriant and stylish hair color and haircut like young girls. There are so many respectable hairstyles are available for older women they can flaunt to make their look more sober and stunning.
They can wear these hairstyles regardless their age factor. In this post, they can learn how to choose more appropriate hairstyles which can make their look trendy and younger.
Sometime, mature women make a mistake of wearing a hairstyle which make them older and also make their look duller than before.
Because now a days, there are most of hairstyles especially for young and teenage girls and it is really difficult or older women to find out perfect hairstyles to enhance their personality. Always choose a hairstyle which should fit your personality and especially to face shape.
When you don’t know how to choose the best hairstyle for you, then always look around, for most popular hairstyle which people are wearing. This is a best way to show off your personality totally different than others. Make a lot of different experiments with these haircuts according to your choice and to make them perfect for you.
Round haircut with straight bangs go great with hair that is sparse due to aging and needs a good shape to look good. Short hairstyles for mature women works best for women who have to go to work or who have social events to attend to.
Considering your age group and your daily busy activities, it is going to be hard for you to give too much time to your hair styling.
Therefore, it is important to choose a haircut for you that allow you freedom of time. Do not choose complicated looks that stress you out on one hand and leave you uneasy and uncomfortable with your hair too.
Another beautiful style is pixie short haircut with sharp edges. If you still love playing with your hair and would love to try some younger Short hairstyles for mature women, try a pixie cut with sharp, edgy bangs.
From teenagers to middle aged women, this particular hairstyle is quite popular this year.From teenagers to famous Hollywood actresses, Pixie Cut makes women look bold and confident.
Sported by famous punk rock stars, this hairstyle picked popularity gradually over the years since the last decade. This cut will give you the perfect mature look as well as the glamour that you want. Get sharp edgy bangs with this cut to add another touch of modern style and trendy cuts to your face.
Short Hairstyles for Mature Women also includes this very famous hairstyle that has been going crazy with a lot of celebrities like Rihanna.
Shaggy cuts can be trimmed into different layers throughout your length without any bangs too. These are great for women of forties and fifties who want shorter lengths and cannot deal with the hassle longer hair lengths. You can also try blunt or sharp bangs, or simple straight bangs with this hairstyle.
Color your hair into red shades or brunette, as these are the trends among women of all age groups. Discuss your needs for a hairdo with your hair stylist so you both can come up with more ideas for your face and hair from short hairstyles for mature women.
Short Hairstyles for Mature Women demand time and hard work to be maintained in a good shape throughout the month. Take good care of your hair by using tested hair products and goo hair dyes. Do not do too much straightening and blow drying. Oil your hair and protect it from sunlight to increase its life and shine.
Side Parted Short Hair for Mature Women
Content You're Going to Visit
Short Wavy Bob Hair for Mature Ladies
Short Straight Hairstyle for Older and Mature Women
Short Pixie Brown Haircut for Mature Women
Short Layered Hairstyle for Mature Women
Short Bob Hairstyle for Mature Women
Short Blonde Hairstyle for Mature Women
Rihanna Short Pixie Mature Haircut
Mature Women Short Hairstyle with Bangs
Lovely Mature Women Short Hairstyle
Elegant Short Hairstyle for Mature Women
Elegant Curly Bob Hairstyle for Mature Women
Cute Short Haircut for Mature Women
Brunette Shaggy Short Haircut for mature women
Blonde Short Hairstyle for Older Ladies
Beautiful Short Hair Cut Style for Mature Ladies
You can see, there are a lot different styles and plenty of options which mature women can follow in order to change their look like young girls. Pick one of them from the above given styles, do experiment to make them perfect for you. Also share your experience with us, so that we may provide you better ideas than this.Create Quote Manual for Quoting Software Users 21. August 2013 Alexander Free Quoting Software , Quote Software Comments (0) Now when users know about the method of adding customer and product information and after successful creation of the customer and product list the next most crucial part is to get the quote generated. This help manual helps you ascertain steps that lead to fair price quoting. Given below is the step by step procedure on how to use the online quote software for its main purpose for which it has been developed and that is to create quote for products and services. Create Custom Quote for Products Users will have to enter the subject like ‘Quote for the Product’ and something similar to it and select ‘Quote Stage’ option. Use the ‘add (+) button’ if nothing is found in the list to add the stage of the quote generation to open. Similarly add specific terms set for the quote on whether the proposed price quote will be acceptable in cash or through credit cards etc. Enter all other relevant fields like expiry date of the quote and the company client name to which the quote would be sent. There are options to select the product, quantity, discounts and adding expenses to the proposed quote. Save your quote, cancel the data entered, click on save and send to enter the page where e-mail of the client can be entered to send the quote created by the user through the online quoting software available at bahaquote.com Watch for this blog for more to follow on how to go further with the create quote feature of the free quote software. Return to Page 2 Continued Page 4 Tags: Custom Quoting Software , Custom Quote Software , Create Custom Quote , Online Custom QuoteWe Fight to Get You the Maximum Compensation
MILLIONS Recovered for our Clients!
We Go The Distance To Help You
Personal injury attorneys dedicated to your full recovery.
PRACTICE AREAS
-
Motorcycle accidents
Truck and 18-wheeler accidents
-
Workplace injuries
Nursing home abuse
Defective products
Slip-and-fall accidents
In The Hospital Or At The Office: We Are Here For You
Whether you have been on the mend for months or your journey to recovery has just started, we are here for you. The personal injury attorneys at our firm know that you are facing many obstacles, and transportation may be one of them. We visit clients throughout Montgomery County in their homes and at the hospital when they need it.
Contact our attorneys right now for a free case evaluation. With an office in Montgomery we offer convenient service where you need it. Call us at (334) 399-4988
Home and Hospital Visits
WHY CHOOSE OUR ATTORNEYS.
Full Name
David Paganie
Job Title
Chief Editor
Bio
David Paganie is Chief Editor of Offshore magazine and Conference Director of Endeavor Business Media’s Petroleum Group. David oversees the Offshore portfolio of print and digital editorial content and writes the monthly Comment column for the magazine on global trends and current events in offshore oil and gas and wind energy development. He works closely with industry advisory boards to shape conference programs that cover subsea technology; platform design, construction, and installation; deepwater operations, offshore wind development; and data management and analytics. David has over 21 years of experience in the offshore industry, and previously served as an editor of offshore field development reports at ODS-Petrodata; and as an analyst at Baker Energy. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a specialty in Finance from Ohio University.
Company
Offshore
Company Logo
What are green buildings? What are their benefits?
Green buildings reduce consumption of energy and water, cut harmful CO2 emissions. Further, they provide a better living environment as they keep the ecological balance in urban zones and reduce operation and maintenance costs.
What is the impact of conventional buildings on levels of energy and water consumption and CO2 emissions? Based on the latest available global studies:
- Buildings consume 40% of the produced electrical power. Regionally, Gulf Cooperation Council countries have the highest consumption rate of electrical power per capita in the world.
- Globally, buildings emit 11% of CO2 emissions. Regionally, Gulf Cooperation Council countries have has the highest CO2 emission rate per capita worldwide.
- Buildings consume 12% of total sweet water production. Locally, Qatar is considered one of the five poorest countries in the world regarding ground sweet water resources. It wholly and fully depends, by 100%, on desalinated water which is processed by using hydro-carbon fuel.
What are the direct benefits of applying GSAS?
There will be many benefits. As an example, studies indicate the possibility of saving 40% of electrical power consumption, 30% of sweet water consumption and 50-70% of overall domestic refuse through recycling.
What is the UN’s agenda to maintain an urban ecological balance?
In Copenhagen in 2009, UNEP SBCI program offered its recommendations binding developing countries to produce a national program that documents efforts exerted by these nations to cut C02 emissions and reduce energy consumption. Developed countries should make their expertise and support available for developing countries, especially in developing tools and standards that can be used to achieve the above objectives. Sustainability Assessment Systems, which were developed in many developing countries, are the most effective tools that help monitor updates and changes on harmful carbon emissions and reduce energy consumption.
What is Green Building Sustainability Assessment System?
A Green Building Sustainability Assessment System is a set of practical benchmarking tools that are used as standards for designing, constructing and operating buildings in order to achieve ecological and sustainability benefits. There are 10’s of sustainability assessment systems all over the world, developed by advanced countries. Sustainability assessment systems were developed via either governmental bodies (such as in Japan) or via non-governmental bodies (such as in USA). Such development has been achieved in co-ordination with specialized research centers and centers of expertise.
What is GSAS?
GSAS is an integrated sustainability assessment for green buildings, like other mature international rating systems. It includes
- (1) design guidelines,
- (2) high performance benchmarking tools, and
- (3) automated governance system based on objective standards in line with the latest global specifications.
Accordingly, GSAS is the only integrated sustainability assessment system that has been developed in the Middle East. It is regionally well-positioned to drive green building concepts and practice.
How was GSAS developed?
Developing GSAS took almost 3 years. It was developed via three main methods:
- Specialized technical teams that included leading experts and specialists from the top industry global research institutes.
- A consulting board including leading experts in global sustainability assessment from eight developed countries to provide guidance and supervise the technical teams throughout the development process.
- Support teams from Gulf Organization for Research & Development and other governmental bodies to provide support in issues related to local environment inputs.
Why GSAS has been developed as a wholly independent sustainability assessment system?
- To safeguard the urban identity of the region; as, without exception, all imported sustainability assessment systems do not encourage or consider this aspect in assessing buildings. This is the opposite of the GSAS approach which by contrast puts high emphasis on this aspect.
- To achieve harmony with local environment, climate and geological conditions; as, without exception, all imported sustainability assessment systems were developed regardless of these inputs, GSAS by contrast takes these conditions into consideration.
- To apply objective standards as far as possible and be in line with the new approach of sustainability systems design. Such aspect is missing in most older global sustainability systems.
- To achieve the necessary flexibility and control to amend the system components without referring back to foreign entities and to keep the system up to date in compliance with the rapidly changing legislative, legal and environmental inputs of the region. In addition, being independent gives GSAS the opportunity to optimize the best experiences and outcomes of any assessment system without being constrained by a pre-determined system.
- To facilitate easy adaptation and modification of the system by other neighboring GCC countries to best fit their local conditions by implementing only minor changes owing to similarity of climate, geography and culture.
How GSAS will be kept globally updated?
GSAS will be updated regularly in view of global variables in green building developments and to provide relevant support to governmental bodies, engineering consultancy companies, private sector and individual investors desirous to apply new concepts and effective principles to do with green buildings. Further, GORD Institute aims to develop new knowledge relating to green buildings. In addition, GSAS uses automated online systems to update its administrative and technical processes promptly and efficiently.
How does GSAS align with Qatar Vision 2030?
- The environmental dimension is one of the main pillars of Qatar Vision 2030. At the same time, this dimension is the main driver behind developing GSAS.
- Towards a diversified economy, the new-knowledge dimension of GSAS is a significant benefit in line with Qatar Vision 2030. With GSAS, GORD is creating and developing new domestic knowledge in the green buildings industries by qualifying Qatari and expatriate cadres working in GORD and interacting with global centers of expertise.
- GSAS also plays a significant economic and technical role towards Qatar Vision 2030. Application of GSAS will open new industrial and economic opportunities in local and regional market to do with green buildings, such as renewable energy, recycling and manufacturing of waste, developing alternative materials, and applying advanced technologies in automated and animated control. All these aspects will accelerate the country’s long strides towards a knowledge-based economy.Stamperia House of Roses Shabby Chic Card with Reneabouquets April in Paris Doily
Hello Friends! I thought I would pop in quickly today and share a peek at this Stamperia House of Roses Shabby Chic card. This one was a special order in my Etsy shop, but it was so pretty, I thought you would enjoy seeing it, too.
This 6×6 card is simple and elegant. These layers of patterned paper, torn paper edges and a gorgeous April in Paris Doily Chipboard from Reneabouquets really work well together.
- First, create a 6×6 top fold card base and cover it with designer paper.
- Next, cut (3) 1 3/4″ x 5″ panels of the wood grain pattern and mat on both cream and blush cardstock. Back with dimensionals. Center these over the base layer.
- Tear the pink border piece from a scrap. Back with thin dimensionals and adhere at the top of the card.
- Now, heat emboss the April in Paris Doily with Versamark and Wow Vintage Champagne Embossing powder. Center and adhere on top of the raised panels.
- Fussy cut the roses from the paper collection. Back with dimensionals and adhere as seen in the photo.
- Finish the card front with flowers, ribbon, pearl stick pins,pearl buttons and a chipboard butterfly.
House of Roses Shabby Chic Card: A Peek Inside
The interior of the card is very simple, per my client’s request. Just some pretty papers, a little die cut pocket to hold a tea bag and note, and a larger die cut pocket to hold a die cut note card.
This paper collection is so gorgeous, and I could not stop playing with it. I have more to share on another day. Did you pick up some tips, tricks and inspiration that you can use in your own crafty adventures? If so, I’d love to hear from you in the comment section below.
Thanks for stopping by!
Cheerio,
kathy
SUPPLY LIST
- Stamperia House of Roses 12×12 Paper Pad
- Reneabouquets April in Paris Doily
- Coral Rose Mini Check Ribbon
- Iridescent Metallic String
- Little Birdie Flowers
- Dies
Such a beautiful card! Thank you for sharing and inspiring!!
Stunning Kathy! Love the romantic elegance of this design. The colors are beautiful. The die cuts are perfection on the from of the card. Love the roses, too. Just beautiful!!
Gorgeous card using those papers, Kathy! The embossed chippie and butterfly are elegant touches, and I love how you paired the fussy cut roses with the dimensional flowers. Just lovely! Hugs!
Beeeautiful Kathy! Love Stamperia papers!!!!
Kathy, you just can’t get more elegant than this. My goodness, it is breathtaking! Those flowers and ribbon are perfect and that Paris doily! Oh my, and not to mention the beautiful inside! I am sure the person you made this for is going to be absolutely over the moon when they get it! Thank you for sharing! Hugs!
I like the sweet elegance.
So, so pretty! Gorgeous use of products.
Wow Kathy another show stopper. Love the softness of colors and the paper is stunning. You have again inspired me with the choice of paper & dies.
I have this collection and love your take on the card front. I teach card making at two senior facilities for active adults in my area. I would love to incorporate elements of your design to the front of a card for my ladies to do in class with your blessing. It is a gorgeous collection and you have used it beautifully.
Kathy – this has to be one of my favorites – love pink and Renea”s elements add so much – gorgeous!!
This is lovely… love the doilies, beautiful! The flowers are amazing, pulls everything together …another winner!
Gorgeous, Kathy! Beautiful papers and design. I love that unique flower you created!The UCLA Computer Science Department has joined the Diversifying LEAdership in the Professoriate (LEAP) Alliance, whose goal is to increase the diversity of faculty in computing at research universities. Led by the (Center for Minorities and People with Disabilities in IT) [], the LEAP Alliance includes four cohorts of universities, each focused on addressing a particular aspect of the faculty pipeline. UCLA is part of a cohort of 11 universities whose Ph.D. programs produce Computer Science faculty. This cohort’s objective is to expand the diversity of their Ph.D. graduates.
“UCLA CS is very excited to join the LEAP Alliance,” said Todd Millstein, Professor and Vice-Chair for Graduate Studies. “This is an excellent opportunity for us to leverage the resources and experience of LEAP to increase our diversity, as well as to share best practices with peer institutions.”
More information can be found here: []. for coal pulverisation - liefsliekenl vertical roller mill for coal pulverisation, vertical roller mills for petroleum coke, India is rich in various mineral resources and it is an important mineral processing market With the development of local economy, lots of ,
Dec 04, 2017· root cause analysis of failure and repairing and bearing replacement of vertical roller mill gear box of cement factory root cause analysis of failure and repairing and bearing replacement of vertical roller mill gear box of cement factory , how to repair vrm gear box - china made (with root cause analyisis of failure) subodh soni loading.
Recently, in 2011 and 2013, ABB has reported their work in nonlinear coal mill modelling for vertical roller pressure mills and its application to mill control (, ) In the reported work, mill model parameter sensitivity analysis was performed and the results were used to guide parameter optimisation grind them into powder,it is cr
Dec 24, 2012· vertical roller coal mill failure – Grinding Mill China problem vertical roller mill – CGM Grinding Plant Vertical roller mill used for coal, cement, limestone ,Vertical roller mill is a new kind of large scale power , »More detailed Mill Cement Vertical Mill Coal Vertical Mill Raw Vertical Mill Slag Vertical Mill CITIC HIC holds the leading position among all building materials equipment suppliers in China, and is the national export base for complete equipment supply mills are large grinding machines developed, designed and manufactured by Sinoma-tec; Sinoma-tec vertical mills feature a rational and reliable structure as well as an advanced process that combines drying, grinding, separation and conveying, which is ,
Coal Vertical Roller Mill Coal Vertical Roller Mill mill bearing wear failure refers to the failure caused by the relative sliding friction between the surfaces causing the wear of the metal on the working surface Wear failure is generally classified into abrasive wear and adhesive wear in the form of wear
Today the air-swept vertical roller mill is the standard solution for coal grinding installations And thanks to our contin-uous refinement of the ATOX coal mill over the years, today’s leading air-swept vertical roller mill is the compact ATOX Offering high reliability, , .When the COVID-19 pandemic started spreading throughout the US in early 2020, Jessica Daly, consumer health librarian at hospital network Orlando (Fla.) Health, knew it was time for her—and other information specialists in the medical field—to step up.
, as well as other consumer health librarians across the country, began offering free webinars in hopes of educating the public about the virus—and perhaps saving lives in the process. Topics ranged from establishing and maintaining basic cleanliness routines to more specific concerns, such as combating fake news about the pandemic.
Webinars proved to be an ideal method for reaching patients who had health questions or were afraid to travel to their physician’s office, Daly says.
“A lot of families reached out to me saying, ‘How can I keep us safe? What can I do?’ Having a trained medical librarian at their disposal free of charge was and continues to be a valuable resource for so many during this most difficult time,” Daly says. Her first COVID-19 webinar, Germ Prevention: Protecting Your Family, was presented in June 2020 on Orlando Health’s website in response to community queries like these.
In that webinar, Daly gave tips on home and personal hygiene, from proper handwashing techniques to the best cleaners for sanitizing household objects. Some of the information may have seemed basic, she says, but it was important to reiterate—especially since certain cleaning products or methods may be new to some people.
“You may have read some really scary things [that] people did because they were just so afraid,” Daly says. “A lot of people think they can mix cleaners, especially with bleach. But you never mix bleach and ammonia. A lot of people do not know that.” (Combining bleach and ammonia produces toxic, potentially fatal gases.)
Those who don’t understand their options for accessing health care will be left behind.
Daly also hosted a webinar on things to consider before leaving the house during the pandemic, with advice on wearing proper face coverings, maintaining social distance, and getting tested after coming into contact with an infected person. The webinar’s goal was to inform and also to provide peace of mind for viewers.
“I never wanted people to be afraid to go out,” Daly says. “If they had to, I wanted them to feel confident when they did.”
Correcting misinformation
The COVID-19 pandemic has also prompted an increase in fake news, especially surrounding the virus’s origins and transmission. That has spurred some librarians to use webinars as a means of countering misinformation.
Antonio P. DeRosa, oncology consumer health librarian at Weill Cornell Medicine Sandra and Edward Meyer Cancer Center in New York City, produced a webinar last May titled Fighting the “Infodemic” of Misinformation on COVID- 19. Webinars are nothing new for DeRosa, who typically focuses on oncology, but the World Health Organization’s decision in February 2020 to call the phenomenon of rampant misinformation an “infodemic” inspired him to highlight the topic, he says.
DeRosa says questions to his office have skyrocketed since the onset of the coronavirus. “I’ve received more questions about things I know are misinformation,” he says, such as the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine to treat COVID-19 and whether face masks really prevent the virus’s spread.
Brenda Linares, health sciences librarian at University of Kansas Medical Center School of Nursing in Kansas City, says she has seen similar misinformation in the Latinx community. Linares hosted a webinar on the topic last August and has frequently discussed health literacy as it relates to the coronavirus in her bimonthly Spanish-language podcast Juntos Radio.
Linares says that since the onset of the pandemic, she had seen a number of English-language podcasts on COVID-19 but not many in Spanish—so she decided to launch Juntos Radio in March 2020. “I thought it would be great to share those resources,” she says. The podcast’s first episode provided COVID‑19 prevention tips; subsequent pandemic-related episodes have dealt with social-distancing best practices and debunking vaccine myths. The podcast has also covered childhood obesity, Alzheimer’s disease, and other topics.
She notes that health literacy is one of the social determinants of health, which include factors such as socioeconomic status and education. Those who don’t understand their options for accessing health care will suffer as a result, she says.
Bringing webinars to your community
Daly hosted more than 40 webinars on topics related to the pandemic for Orlando Health in 2020. She recommends that health librarians hoping to offer similar programs—related to COVID-19 or not—start by sticking to the basics and turning to colleagues for assistance.
“The best thing to do is connect with others who are already doing it,” she says. In her view, asking health literacy professionals—as well as nurses, doctors, and others in your organization—for advice and best practices is crucial. They can offer guidance on content as well as on recording and promoting the webinar. Medical professionals can even be guests on your webinar, she says.
But it’s important to remember that librarians themselves cannot give medical advice: “The consumer health librarian’s responsibility is to provide credible and timely health information,” she says. “Once the patient receives [that] information, it is their responsibility to share it with their physician or medical professional team.”
Even more important, Daly says, is connecting with the community to assess its wants and needs. COVID‑19 remains a huge concern, she says, but people are dealing with other medical issues as well. Daly keeps a list of health care questions that patients pose to her—a list that has led to webinars on cancer prevention, medication safety, planning for an effective doctor’s visit, preparing for surgery, and other topics.
“You don’t need to reinvent the wheel,” Daly says. “But you want to put your own spin on [your webinar] and make it personalized for your area and your participants.”A KISS to Start a New Year
The Art of Keeping it Simple
The long-standing tradition of taking a few moments at the beginning of every year to define areas within our lifestyle where improvements can be made is a laudable exercise. More often than not, shortly after this personal evaluation, those positive-purpose sentiments and best-of-intention actions disappear faster than a just-passed Carnival parade, but we all mean well. And that’s the important fact.
As the pace of life seemingly picks up speed with each moment, and complications force an endless series of compromises, maybe we should consider another avenue to self-improvement, KISS. Keep It Simple, Stupid. If you wish, dropping the last word from the directive is just fine.
Simplification in a complicated era may be the best personal answer to the insanity that seems to surround modern life.
The same approach can be applied to our selection of adult beverages. Eliminate the ingredients that take time and increase the span between making a good cocktail and enjoying a good cocktail. KISS.
The Polo Lounge at The Windsor Court Hotel has created and features the perfect few-ingredient respite from the external pressures we all experience just by getting through the day. The Nicole is straightforward, simple, delicious, and quickly prepared. Here is the ideal KISS cocktail.
The Nicole
0.5 oz lemon juice
1.5 oz vodka
0.75 oz Lillet blanc
0.75 oz Elderflower syrup
Combine all ingredients over ice in a shaker. Shake well. Serve in a martini glass. Garnish with edible flower.
The Windsor Court Hotel Polo Lounge, 300 Gravier St., 523-6000, Windsorcourthotel.com.The two Repsol Honda Team riders ‘photobomb’ fans in social media event.
This weekend Marc Márquez and Dani Pedrosa take part in the Aragon Grand Prix at MotorLand Aragón, but before this the Repsol Honda team riders surprised fans who had answered a simple question from Box Repsol on social media. “Would you like to take a picture with the most iconic bike in MotoGP history? The Repsol Honda #RC213V is waiting for you”, the tweet read. What those who came along were not expecting was that, before the camera flash went off, two spontaneous figures would sneak into the shot. How would you react?31 Ways to Create a More Credible and Trustworthy Website
Consult this checklist and attract your ideal clients to your company.
You want to convert website visitors into prospects, right?
Trust must be earned. Your visitors need to feel like you KNOW them.
One way to earn trust is to make your website "speak to them". Not literally, but in graphics and words.
Then they need to LIKE you.
In this report, you’ll discover many ways to create a friendly website that persuades visitors to leave their contact information so you can keep in touch with them.
This report is your guide to transforming your website from a bland brochure to a trustable information guide to your services. You’ll find specific, tactical, and pragmatic approaches to every facet of creating a site that your ideal clients will want to visit again.
A few highlights of the report are:
Fill out the form on the right side of this page and start using this report and checklist now!
Fill out the form to read now!
PLUS, you'll receive our newsletter full of simple and actionable management and marketing tips, events, and more.
© 2018 Elevating Your BusinessCareers with an MPA Degree
)
The following is an excerpt from the MPA Employer Survey of 2016 conducted by the MPA student, Gerald Schneider, as part of the culminating MPA 780 Capstone Seminar project in the MPA program at UW Oshkosh. The survey reveals data about the relevance of the MPA program to local government employers in Wisconsin.
What is the Employment Outlook?
- According to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projection program, organizations and government employed 300,200 administrative services managers in 2018, expected to grow by 7% by the year of 2028 or 322,000. See the annual wage.
- The industries employing the most administrative service managers in 2018 were education; health care; and state and local government.
- Employment by Major Industry Sector 2019 Data provided by the Unites States Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that demand for state and local government and health care and social assistance jobs is likely to increase by 2028.
- Occupations with Most Job Growth 2019 Data provided by the Unites States Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that demand for medical and health services managers, general and operations managers, management analysts is likely to increase by 2028.
What Could I Earn?
- NASPAA’s website provides information about MPA graduates and employment facts, career resources and alumni survey salary agency administration emphasis is the first step toward earning a higher salary in the field.
Positions UW Oshkosh MPA Graduates Hold
Corinne McFarlane, UW Oshkosh MPA Graduate, Area Administrator, Wisconsin Department of Children and Families, Madison, Wisconsin
-.
Public Administration
Clow Faculty Building, Room F414
838 High Ave.
Oshkosh, WI 54901COLUMBUS , OHIO, USA, May 28, 2021 /EINPresswire.com/ — According to the Ohio US Navy Veterans Lung Cancer Advocate, "If your husband or dad served in the navy prior to 1982 and he has just been diagnosed with lung cancer-please call attorney Erik Karst of the law firm of Karst von Oiste at 800-714-0303-if he had significant exposure to asbestos on a navy ship, submarine or at a navy shipyard. Financial compensation for a person like this might exceed one hundred thousand dollars, and it does not matter if they smoked cigarettes. The typical person we are trying to get identified is over 60 years old.
"We are advocates for Navy Veterans who develop lung cancer decades after they served in the navy. The typical Navy Veteran we are trying to identify served in the navy in the 1950s, 1960s or 1970s. The Navy Veteran we are trying to reach out to had heavy to extreme exposure to asbestos in the service. Tragically most Navy Veterans like this do not realize the $30 billion dollar-asbestos trust funds were set up for them too. If the person we have described sounds like your husband or dad-please call attorney Erik Karst of the law firm of Karst von Oiste anytime at 800-714-0303. We think you will be glad you
“I was SO sure we were going to be picked. It seemed like such a good match. Days later, we got the call, ‘She chose the other family.’ I was crushed all over again.”
‘SURELY nothing else bad can happen.’ The joy was short-lived. I needed to heal. We made an unorthodox decision.’: Couple adopts while pursuing IVF, ‘It’s been a humbling experience’
‘Calvin will be a little brother.’ They said, ‘You mean BIG brother?’ We assumed we’d get a newborn. Then we read her story.’: Couple adopts older child, ‘The sibling bond amazes us’
“She flexed her muscles. ‘Do you think they know how strong I am?’ She asked if I would take her picture and send it to her foster family, so they could see how strong she’s become.”
‘At 2 years old, they called me ‘Mommy.’ No one ever doubted I was their REAL mother. I wasn’t ready for them to know the truth.’: Mom of blended family says ‘at the end of the day, love is what matters’
“They would ask me about their pregnancies. We shrugged our shoulders and moved on. I was scared to tell them. I questioned if they would understand or not.”
>>IMAGEDid he think we abandoned him?’ I was still grieving. He hardly slept day or night. I struggled to feel connection.’: Couple foster to adopt, ‘If you don’t get attached, you’re doing it wrong’
“Within minutes, I was holding him in my arms. It was as if my arms had always been missing something. Him. Grief hit hard when he was reunified with mom.”
_7<<.”
_9<<.”4th of July dresses
195 Pins
4w
Collection by
Kendall Shrum
Similar ideas popular now
Best 12 Get ready to celebrate all things American with this gorgeous patriotic wreath! This stunning design was crafted by Judy Lefers using a Unique in the Creek Flower Frame! Get yours today or DIY one similar to Judy’s using our fabulous flower frame! Grab a frame, supplies and your tutorial all on! From beginner to pro in just one go! #diydecor #diyhomedecor #patrioticwreath #fourthofjuly #americandecor #diysummerwreath #summerdecor
Get ready to celebrate all things American with this gorgeous patriotic wreath! This stunning design was crafted by Judy Lefers using
Unique in the Creek Ltd. on Instagram: “I adore this brilliant patriotic #wreath design! Made by Shayla McClure using the #UITC Flower Frame. Now available at…”
WOW! Such a gorgeous #wreath design and I LOVE the center! Made by Lyndsay Mcdonald using the #UITC Flower Frame. #uniqueinthecreek…
Homepage - Unique in the Creek
Get ready to celebrate America with this amazing DIY Patriotic wreath crafted by Theresa VandenWyngaard! This beautiful wreath was created using a Unique in the Creek flower frame wreath! Check out this wreath by Theresa or DIY one just like it by grabbing your very own flower frame at Unique in the Creek! #diydecor #homedecor #diywreath #summerdecor #diypatrioticdecor
15 of the Best 4th of July Cakes - 15 of the Best
We've found 15 of the Best 4th of July Cakes. Pretty, yummy and Red White and Blue, these fun and easy Cake Recipes are perfect for your Fourth of July party or Memorial Day barbecue. These 15 Patriotic Cakes are some of the best 4th of July desserts that we could find. Pin these easy to make Independence Day Treats for later and follow us for more 4th of July Food Ideas.- Not important at all
- Slightly important
- Moderately important
- Decidedly important
- Non-negotiable
In Her Own Words
About Her
Click on me and you will get a nice surprise, I'm the best person you could meet anywhere in the world....
About Her Ideal Match
It would be great if you were tall dark and handsome with a free spirit to travel,sense of humour and down to earth with impeccable manners...
What Her Friends Say
Positivetones hasn't asked any friends to write a recommendation yet.In Stone
Granite Memorials Designed To Help Your Loved Ones Heal
We purchased a headstone through Celebrations In Stone for our father. April was great to work with! She made the process go smoothly offering a lot of different ideas and helped with all of the final details. Delivery and set up was done in a timely fashion and it looks great!!! Thanks again to April for all of her help with creating a great headstone for our dad!
Amy F.
Our family was very pleased and impressed with the detailed information you provided us in creating the exact design we wanted for our mother's monument. Being able to design the monument while we were at the consultation and seeing the design on the computer was very helpful in making our decision. The staff was GREAT to work with! We would highly recommend Celebrations In Stone to others.
L.C. Miller & Family
Testimonials
Celebrations in Stone assisted me in designing a monument for my husband. He passed away in August and the stone was at the grave before November. It took just a few sessions with April to decide on the design and I am very grateful to have them take care of all of the details for the monument. In fact, my daughter and I were even able to be at the cemetery when they placed the stone which was very special for both of us.
Mary D.Otterbox 45 Liters Venture Hard Cooler - Hudson77-54462 660543408536
The Customer Direct range is not available in store.
Please select a product option to continue.
Usually ships in 3 - 5 business days
Cost:
Keep your weekend getaways and outdoor trips refreshingly cool and hydrated with the help of the Otterbox 45 Liters Venture Hard Cooler.
Key Features
- Made with polypropylene shells and a 2-part polyurethane insulation, allowing it to keep ice for up to 14 days
- For easy storage and organisation, it features interior separators and an innovative mounting system
- Safe and secure to use thanks to its tough polycarbonate/ABS latches and bear-resistant locking kit
- Easy to clean and maintain, it is built with a slanted interior bottom for convenient draining
- Equipped with anti-slide TPE feet, solid handles, and stainless-steel pins for added practicality and portThe Queensland Government has launched the $3 million Mareeba-Atherton Tablelands Regional Water Assessment which is set to develop a long-term strategic plan for water management across the region.
Queensland Minister for Water, Glenn Butcher, said the Queensland Government was delivering on its commitment to improve water security throughout the state.
“We know that long-term water security and planning are essential for regional Queenslanders as we continue to deliver our economic plan to build back from the global COVID-19 pandemic,” Mr Butcher said.
“With the commencement of this Regional Water Assessment, we are keeping our promise to explore ways to unlock the economic potential of our regional areas.”
Queensland Minister for Agricultural Industry Development and Fisheries, and Minister for Rural Communities, Mark Furner, said agriculture would continue to be an important economic driver in Queensland.
“Agriculture and primary production is a key pillar of Queensland’s COVID-19 Economic Recovery Plan,” Mr Furner said.
“We moved quickly to declare agriculture an essential industry at the beginning of the pandemic, and it will continue to be at the forefront as we build an exciting economic future for Queensland.
“It’s vital that we support growers in this region and that is exactly what this process is all about.
“The Palaszczuk Government has always had our farmers’ backs and we always will.”
Mr Butcher said local stakeholders would help to identify all water supply options in the region, including mayoral or chief executive officer representatives from Mareeba Shire, Tablelands Regional and Cairns Regional Councils.
“Water is the lifeblood of our regional communities so it’s crucial we get supply right and unlock the economic potential of Queensland’s food bowls,” Mr Furner said.
“The advisory group is looking forward to identifying the opportunities that will best serve the Mareeba-Atherton Tablelands region.
“Local expertise and experience will be essential to getting the right solutions for each region and we welcome local mayors, council representatives and leading industry bodies and thank them for engaging with us.
“Next steps include engaging with stakeholders to identify the future water demands for the area as well as compiling a comprehensive list of all relevant previous investigations and projects in order to build on that knowledge.“Kate Bissett
Penelope Stud Earrings
$25 $40
Genuine Rhodium Plated to .925 Sterling Silver Earrings with 7 mm Round Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished into a Lustrous Silvertone Finish
Size &Materials:
- Style: Classic | Studs
- Base Metal: .925 Sterling Silver
- Setting Type: Prongs
- Materials: Cubic Zirconia
- Color :Clear
- Type: Butterfly (Post)
- Size: 7 mmWhat does AHCMJ stand for?
AHCMJ stands for Academy of Health Care Management Journal (Calder, North Carolina)
This definition appears very rarely and is found in the following Acronym Finder categories:
- Science, medicine, engineering, etc.
- Organizations, NGOs, schools, universities, etc.
- Abbreviation Database Surfer
-)
- Arts and Humanities Council of Montgomery County (Maryland)
-)
- Arizona Hispanic Center of ExcellenceHow did I get to write a book about Bartholomaeus (my spelling of Berti’s name) Spranger? This interesting artist has been in my blood for decades. In fact, ten years ago, when I published Maddalena, Berti was the main character. So, late last fall, when I found out about the first-ever major exhibition about this interesting Flemish-born artist who established a new, mannered style in Prague in late sixteenth century, it was a big GO!
Having discovered Spranger’s lost memoir, Pieter couldn’t wait to visit the exhibit. Did her succeed in getting Karo to come along?
“Instantly, an idea struck me.
“I’m…” I blew my nose, for no reason at all. “I’m leaving for New York next week. You won’t believe me, but an exhibition on Spranger has recently opened at the Met.”
“Oh? What about?”
“It’s called Splendor and Eroticism in Imperial Prague.”
“You are pulling my leg, aren’t you?”
“Absolutely not. The show continues through Christmas into New Year, but I have other plans to consider then. Would you like to join me?”
“That makes no sense. I’m a student. I can’t leave―just like that!”
“Isn’t it your general period of interest?”
“Umm… it would be nice to visit Princeton again.”
“Terrific! I’ll have my secretary email an electronic ticket, and instructions.”
“Why are you doing that?” She gave me a piercing look.
“Business. And take the week off, please. Bring along whatever you have translated when we meet in New York.”
“I still can’t accept. A late ticket to New York is expensive, isn’t it?”
“I said that it is business! That’s how I pay my rent.”
Was it?”The Pretalk is the most essential part of your hypnosis show and having a good one can increase your number of volunteers and even help to pre-hypnotize them for your show! The problem is most stage hypnotists are using a standard Pretalk that has no originality and just simply is not entertaining to the audience. If you are ready to take your pretalk up a notch and bring the entertainment value welcome to the right place.
I know that most hypnotists are just using that standard one off pretalk but wouldn't it be awesome to have your own jokes, patter and customized pretalk that you can actually call your own? In this series I teach you the exact step by step formula I use to create and customize my pretalk to the audience to get them on my side and create rapport.
YOU CAN USE THIS FORMULA TO CREATE YOUR OWN CUSTOM PRETALK!
The simple fact is that when you have the tools you become a better stage hypnotist and entertainer and that is our job to entertain. Don't use some out of date pretalk from the Ninteen fifties.
[You will receive six video lessons which are in the form of bullet point presentations with spoken audio, and a PDF workbook. There are also two recorded live pretalk demos.]
1st edition 2014; PDF 15 pages; video length 1.5 hours.Close menu
- /// BLACK FRIDAY ///
- Watches
Watches
Categories
Collections
- Jewelry
Jewelry
Categories
- Accessories
Accessories
categories
- Best sellers
- Less than 250$
- Personalized bangles
- Gift Cards
- Stack your bangles
- Men's World
- Store Locator
Race to the max with the GRAN CELTICA Automatic Chronograph watch with plum-colored detailing. A sporty crowd pleaser with timeless appeal. plum-colored detailing, it’s full of personality and flair. Water resistant to 100m.It's hard to be a Jew, but very rewardingParting advice: Remain faithful to Hashem, let that faith and trust keep growing. Tags: Torah Tidbits Audio Radio Phil Chernofsky , Oct 22 , 2021 6:28 PM Jewish girls proclaim sovereignty in JerusalemFlash 90 Here is a note from Avraham Avinu to his descendants - us. When HaShem told me LECH L'CHA, I didn't know to where I was going. But I went. It can be done. And I did it with no precedent to back me up, then you can do it, knowing that many many others of your fellow Jews (to use your common term; I would have said IVRI'IM) have done it before you. And, I can tell you, many of them have not regretted their Aliya for a moment. The Torah says, more than once, that the K'naani and Emori were in the Land. True, you have others that are in the Land, but the difference is that the Land is yours. For me it was just promises, with difficulties ahead, but for you - go for it. I knew it was R'TZON HASHEM (G-d's Will), and so you must realize. Keep remembering that I did the hard stuff, and you get the benefit of my experience and those of many, many generations. True, some didn't handle it well. But others did, and I have confidence in you. Let me focus and what happened with Yitzchak, my son, your second Av. Lech L'cha was the first challenge, and it was followed by several more. But just when I thought things were settling down, I received the same command again. G-d said to me to take Yitzchak V'LECH L'CHA EL ERETZ HAMORIYA... And you know the rest. You read it every Rosh HaShana, and on Shabbat Parshat Vayeira. And many of you use it as an intro to your davening. Not just any of the davenings, but the one that I established - Shacharit. The Akeida was the most challenging of tests of faith that I was subjected to. It was very hard. But we did it. I couldn't have done it without my Yitzchak. That second Lech L'cha was also without precedent - which made it so hard. Learning from the past: The importance of Thanksgiving to GodHow are we supposed to react to Evangelical support of Israel?Follow the lesson of previous generationsThe way to learn the Torah And I know that you have your challenges in life, but, again I say, I did the hard stuff and I did it for you. I do not say any of this boastfully. I say it as a loving father who gladly sets the model for his offspring to follow. The Tana'im said it well when they said you should be students of mine, not just children. I hope you have learned a lot from me, my wife Sara, our son Yitzchak, his wife Rivka, whose birth I heard about on my return from the Akeida. It's hard to be a Jew, but very rewarding. Parting advice, for now? Remain faithful to HKB"H, let that faith and trust keep growing - make me proud.Admissions
As a Church of England Academy, the Minster Trust for Education (MITRE) acts as the admissions authority for all its member school.
All MITRE schools follow the Nottinghamshire County Council Co-ordinated Admissions Scheme for applications for intake at the "normal time" (starting primary school, moving to junior school, starting secondary school). For further information about the scheme and how to apply follow this link :
Each year 55 places are reserved for children of families who regularly worship as part of a Church of England congregation. Applications for these places are very often successful and many children with these church places come from beyond our normal catchment. To apply for one of these places the supplementary application form must be completed alongside the local authority application form or in-year application form..
The admissions arrangements for year 7 can be found below. Alongside is the supplementary application form. This must be completed and returned to school if you are applying for a place based upon your or your child's faith.
In-year admissions
All MITRE schools administer their own in-year admissions by direct application. We are oversubscribed in all year groups but you are still welcome to apply for a place. Please contact the school's Admission's Officer, Mrs Christine Taylor, by telephone or by email, admissions@minster.notts.sch.uk, to request an application form. The outcome of your application will be sent in writing within 15 school days.
Sixth Form applications
Junior School applications
Visit the Junior School Admissions page to find out more about applying or contact Mrs Christine Taylor (Admissions Officer) for more details admissions@minster.notts.sch.uk
Appeals
When a parent or carer seeks a place in a state school and this is refused, there is a right to appeal against the decision to an independent appeals panel.
Details of the appeals process are outlined as follows:
Waiting List
We do keep a waiting list for each year group and unsuccessful applicants will be placed on this list. The list is ordered according to the over subscription criteria set out in our admissions arrangements – not by date of application.
PLEASE NOTE: Variation to 2021/22 and 2022/23 Admission arrangements..
Please contact the Trust admissions officer l.hallam@mitretrust.org.uk if you need to discuss this matter further.Nigeria News
Biafra: Buhari Govt Planing To Assasinate Nnamdi Kanu – IPOB Alleges
The Muhammadu Buhari government has been accused of planning to kill the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu.
IPOB, in a statement on Friday issued by its spokesman, Emma Powerful, alleged that it uncovered the sinister plot to kill its leader through intelligence.
Powerful claimed that the Nigerian government has concluded plans to assassinate its leader and declare a state of emergency in the South-East.
He claimed that the Nigerian government was not comfortable with the international attention that Kanu’s rendition has received and the fate that await her at the International Criminal Court ICC, hence its contemplation of killing Kanu.
He advised politicians, elders and religious leaders in the region to do everything possible to ensure the unconditional release of Kanu.
The statement reads: “We wish to alert Biafrans and the entire humanity about the plans by the federal government of Nigeria to eliminate our leader, Mazi Nnamdi KANU; and declare a State of Emergency in the entire South-East and South-South regions of Nigeria. This plan is real and must be taken very serious by everybody.
“The intelligence report at our disposal reveals that the Nigerian Government is not comfortable with the international attention that Kanu’s rendition has received and the fate that awaits her at the International Criminal Court ICC, hence its contemplation of doing its worst.
“Nigeria is further aggrieved by the humiliating defeat it suffered at the just-concluded November 6 Anambra State governorship election which the federal government believed NIGERIA, the Fulani cabal who are the beneficiaries of this fraud are bent on eliminating him at all cost. They want to reward him with death and damn the consequences.
.”
IPOB also alleged plans by the Nigerian government to arrest Igbo youths unlawfully and deploy more military personnel to the South East.
The group, however, called for the demilitarization of the South East and demanded a date for a referendum to take place in the region.
It added: “Our intelligence also revealed that the Nigeria Government wants to intensify their ongoing secret genocide in Biafra land through indiscriminate arrests and elimination of more Biafran youths. We, therefore, warn our youths to be circumspect especially during this festive season.
“Nigeria government and her security agents have concluded arrangement to deploy more security especially military personnel to Biafraland. According to our intelligence, they would have declared a state of emergency in the regions if APC party had won the Anambra election. But now they want to fall back on their plan B but we are waiting for them.
“We, therefore, urge Biafran women to be prepared for the battle ahead. Militarization of Biafraland must cease and we demand a date for a plebiscite for the Biafran people to decide their destiny.
“While Fulani bandits, Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists have taken over control of a good number of territories in the North, yet there”.
2 COVID Positive Patients Send Fake Ones As Dummies To Avoid Hospitalisation, 3 Arrested
Two men who tested COVID positive at a zoo in Aurangabad, sent two dummy patients to a medical facility, as per PTI. They offered the fake patients Rs 10,000 in order to avoid hospitalisation, according to the cops.
The fake patients were taken into custody by the Aurangabad city police from a civic-run COVID-19 facility once their real identities were revealed. One of the real patients Gaurav Kathar has also been caught. Gagan Pagare, the other patient, is still absconding.
How did they do it
"Siddharth Garden, a zoo cum park in Aurangabad reopened after a long time. As per the coronavirus protocols, if any person visiting it has not received both the doses of COVID-19 vaccines, they have to undergo a rapid antigen test on the spot. On Saturday, when Pagare and Kathar went to the zoo, they tested positive for the infection in this test conducted there," said a police official .
Reuters
"However, instead of getting admitted into the hospital for treatment, they sent two youths in their place by offering Rs 10,000 to them," he added.
Alok Rathod and Atul Sadavarte were the fake patients who were brought to the Meltron Covid Care Centre of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on November 13 by a person whose name was Sabale in his car, the official went on to say.
How did it come to light
The officer continued that after they were admitted, they kept asking the doctors to shift them. On November 14, they also produced a referral letter from another private hospital in Aurangabad.
Reuters
The in-charge of Meltron facility, Dr Vaishali Mugdadkar, instructed staff to keep an eye and file a complaint if they tried leaving. But then they revealed that they were sent to the centre as dummy patients.
Suspects in custody
Police arrested Rathod and Sadavarte on November 15. Kathar, who is from Mhada Colony, was arrested by Vedant Nagar police some days later.
The search is on for Pagare and Vijay Mapari, who allegedly was the middleman.
For more on news and current affairs from around the world, please visit Indiatimes News.
The Conversation (0)
Start a conversation, not a fire. Post with kindness.DESMOND LACHMAN: Fix the budget while the sun is still shining
With the rand weakening yet again and the door of easy money starting to close, it would seem that time is running out for SA to mend its shaky public finances
Christine Lagarde, the former IMF MD, never tired of advising countries to repair the roof while the sun was still shining. By this she meant countries should take advantage of favourable international financial market conditions to strengthen their economic fundamentals. Maybe then they would be in a better position to weather a more difficult international economic environment.
If ever Madame Lagarde’s advice had relevance, it has to be in today’s SA economic context. This is not only because the days of ultra-easy global liquidity now appear to be coming to an end. Rather, it is because seldom before has SA’s economic roof been in need of major repair.
Since the pandemic’s onset last year the world’s major central banks have kept the world awash with liquidity. They have done so by engaging in a huge amount of bond buying that has increased the cumulative size of their balance sheets by a staggering $10-trillion.
This bond buying has had the effect of causing international investors to stretch for yield in the emerging market economies and to be more forgiving of fundamental weaknesses in those economies. That in turn has made it all the easier for the emerging market economies to finance their gaping budget deficits at relatively low interest rates.
Last week’s Federal Reserve announcement that it will soon start tapering its bond-buying programme would seem to constitute a strong signal that the days of ultra-easy global liquidity conditions are numbered. No longer will the Fed be buying $120bn a month in US Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities. Rather, the Fed plans to taper those purchases by $15bn a month with a view to ending those purchases completely by June next year.
The Fed is hardly alone among the world’s central banks planning to pare back on generous liquidity provision. The Canadian and Australian central banks have already started raising interest rates, while the European Central Bank envisages ending its large-scale bond buying programme by March next year.
Acute financial problems at Evergrande, the world’s most highly indebted Chinese property development company, point to China as another possible trigger for an end to easy global liquidity conditions. This would seem to be especially the case considering that Evergrande’s problems are all too likely a symptom of the unsustainability of China’s property and credit-led economic recovery. If China, the world’s second-largest economy, were to slow down, international investors might be much less willing than they are today to continue investing in the emerging-market economies.
Mounting challenge
In the best of times, weathering a marked reversal of capital flows and the drying up of international liquidity would be challenging for emerging-market economies. However, it would be particularly challenging today at a time when those economies are yet to fully recover from the pandemic’s economic damage and when they have highly compromised public finances. Those conditions heighten the risk of pronounced weakness in those countries’ currencies and of great difficulty in financing their gaping budget deficits in a non-inflationary manner.
It is in this sense that SA’s leaky public finance roof has to be of major concern. According to the IMF, the country will be going into the anticipated period of global liquidity tightening with a public debt to GDP ratio of about 80%. Such a ratio is unusually high for an emerging-market economy and is about double its corresponding level some 10 years ago.
Equally troubling is that is that the IMF now expects SA’s budget deficit to be about 8% of GDP in both 2021 and 2022. One would think such high budget deficits must be bound to heighten investor anxiety about the sustainability of the country’s public finances, especially at a time when the music of easy global money stops playing.
With the rand already weakening yet again and the door of easy global liquidity starting to close, it would seem that time is running out for SA to mend its shaky public finances. This would seem to be particularly the case at a time that high budget deficits are limiting the room for the Reserve Bank to raise interest rates to defend the currency without further compromising the public finances.
Being no stranger to foreign exchange crises, one must hope SA policymakers lose no time in mending the country’s leaking budget roof by coming up with a credible medium-term budget adjustment programme. Maybe then the country’s economy will be able to better weather the coming international liquidity storm..World News
Britain Imposes Stricter Rules On Refugees
The British government has said it plans to crack down on illegal immigrants from the European Union from January after the country ended its interim agreement with the European Union.
The Interior Ministry said border guards would be notified to deport anyone from Europe who had spent a year in prison, as well as those who had committed minor offences in previous years.
A BBC correspondent says there are fears that the lack of agreement on Britain’s secession from Europe is a difficult situation.
>Bootstrap is a framework using CSS, HTML, and JavaScript to develop responsive and mobile-first websites. Nowadays, people use Bootstrap 4, which is less complicated than all of the other versions. It is also totally free with an open-source framework.
If you want to build a Bootstrap website from scratch, here are the steps you should know.
<!-- Bootstrap core CSS →
<link href="css/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet"
<script src=""></script>
<script src="js/bootstrap.js"></script>
With these steps, you can start creating your website with Bootstrap.
Level up your website by taking note of the essential elements of a good website design, as outlined by Page Kits.The Baker Institute for Public Policy’s Kelsey Norman, fellow for the Middle East and director of the Women’s Rights, Human Rights and Refugees Program, has been awarded the 2021 Emerging Scholars Policy Prize for her essay “Asylum Can’t be Outsourced: The Danger of Politically Convenient Solutions to Migration.” Perry World House, the University of Pennsylvania’s global affairs hub, and Foreign Affairs, a publication of the Council on Foreign Relations, host the annual competition to encourage scholars to translate their academic research on a major global policy issue into an essay and make their ideas more accessible to policymakers.
Yan “Anthea” Zhang, the Fayez Sarofim Vanguard Professor of Management at Rice's Jones Graduate School of Business and president-elect of the Strategic Management Society (SMS), is a newly elected fellow of the SMS. Fellows are members who are recognized for significant contributions to the theory and practice of strategic management.
Jim Blackburn, Baker Institute Rice Faculty Scholar and professor in the practice of environmental law, has been elected to the American College of Environmental Lawyers. One of 22 inductees, Blackburn was selected as an active fellow for his distinguished experience, high standards of practice and substantial contributions to the field of environmental law.
More than 1,100 people attended the online NT21, an annual international conference on the science and application of nanotubes and low-dimensional materials, hosted this year by Rice University. The conference was organized by professors Junichiro Kono, Matteo Pasquali and Bruce Weisman and featured opening remarks by Nobel Laureate Robert Curl, Rice’s University Professor Emeritus and Kenneth S. Pitzer-Schlumberger Professor Emeritus of Natural Sciences, and talks by President David Leebron and professors Pulickel Ajayan, James Tour and Boris Yakobson.
Four Rice students have earned Department of Energy Science Undergraduate Laboratory Internships, which will afford them the opportunity to work at DOE national laboratories. Computational physics and materials science and nanoengineering major Max Bowman and mechanical engineering majors Renly Liu, Praneeta Nalluri and Divya Wagh are among 129 students chosen from U.S. institutions for internships beginning this fall.
Tiffany Bisbey, a doctoral candidate in Industrial and Organizational Psychology at Rice, is the recipient of the 2021 RADM (Rear Admiral) Fred Lewis Postgraduate Scholarship, a $10,000 award sponsored by the Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation and Education Conference (I/ITSEC). I/ITSEC is the world's largest modeling, simulation and training event and is organized by the National Training and Simulation Association (NTSA), which promotes international and interdisciplinary cooperation within the fields of modeling and simulation, training, education, analysis and related disciplines. The NTSA is an affiliate subsidiary of the National Defense Industrial Association./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/50306387/usa-today-9378657.0.jpg)
If we all know anything, Major League Soccer has some weird roster rules. While the summer transfer window closed on August 3rd, 2016, it doesn't mean that things are done and dusted. In fact, Sporting KC so rarely pays transfer fees, the odds could still be in favor of a move. Before we get to that, a few things should be noted.
First, SKC did make a deadline day deal, just not one that anyone cares about. They traded the rights to Tony Rocha, who they drafted in the fourth-round of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft in 2015, to Orlando City SC. In exchange they received a fourth-round selection from Orlando in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft. Rocha never played for Sporting KC, which is not surprising. SKC's third and fourth-round picks from 2016 have both already been released without appearing outside of preseason games.
Second, even though I just said Sporting doesn't pay transfer fees, news from earlier today is they tried to pay about 6.2 million dollars to acquire Romain Alessandrini, a winger who plays for Marseille in the French Ligue 1. That's shocking considering Sporting generally do not pay transfer fees. Look back at all the recent signings: Ever Alvarado, Nuno Andre Coelho, Jordi Quintilla (RIP -- I mean, he's not actually dead), Soni Mustivar, Krisztian Nemeth -- not a single transfer fee was paid (I've left out players signing as free agents or traded for within the league, but the same holds true).
So as I said, hope isn't lost and here is how. Yes, the summer transfer window is closed but the MLS Roster Rules have some language worth noting:
(B) TRANSFERS AND LOANSAn MLS player may be transferred or loaned at any time to a non-MLS club  Transfer Window - February 18 – May 11, 2016Secondary Transfer Window - July 4 – August 3, 2016Home Visit Flooring Experts
Brighton Flooring Experts With Over 15 Years Experience
Wood Flooring In Brighton
GJP Flooring is one of the leading wood flooring companies based in Brighton. We install all types of wood flooring, carpets and vinyl with options to suit all budgets, big and small. We are experts in sourcing the highest quality flooring products at affordable prices.
We can supply a comprehensive range of wood floors. We offer a wide variety of designs and colours to make sure you find the right option for you. At GJP Flooring, we have products suitable for you.
Laminate Flooring
GJP Flooring is one of the leading independent flooring experts in Brighton. We can supply and instal most major brands of laminate, engineered wood flooring products, carpets, vinyl and accessories, everything needed to create hard wearing beautiful flooring for both domestic and commercial clients.
Domestic Flooring
Our homeowner clients come back to us over and over because we provide them with excellent service, expert installation and useful advice.
We provide beautiful floorings and work with your requirements to create flooring for your home you will absolutely love.
Commercial Flooring
With more than 10 years of experience in the industry, GJP Flooring has the necessary expertise and skills to provide the very best carpet and floor coverings to our commercial clients. All our products and services are at fantastically affordable prices.
Our range includes leading brands and goods manufactured by the highest quality suppliers. With us, you can expect versatility and a look that is pleasing to the eye. We stay ahead of our competitors by offering useful advice and realistic estimates, along with expert and seamless installations.
Brighton's Leading Flooring Company
GJP Flooring supplies floor coverings and accessories for a variety of sectors. We routinely carry out work for companies needing flooring for leisure, healthcare, education and residential establishments. Our warehouse carries a large stock of the best and most popular products, guaranteeing no lead-time when you order from us. You can have your flooring products delivered to your doorstep in Brighton the next day.
We only install the highest quality carpets and flooring and the friendly, knowledgeable service from our professional team is hard to beat. All our products are offered at affordable, all-inclusive price with no hidden costs or extra charges. What you see on our quote is what you pay.
GJP Flooring Brighton is a CheckaTrade Approved
CheckaTrade is an organization that helps consumers find products and services they can trust to deliver best value for money and excellent service. You may be familiar with the CheckaTrade Best Buy endorsement, which identifies top-quality products for consumers. In the same vein, the CheckaTrade Approved endorsement highlights small businesses that are best positioned and committed to satisfying their customers’ needs. The assessment is carried out by industry professionals with more than 5 decades of experience, who are committed to ensuring consumer satisfaction and protection.
The Assessment Process
The assessment process to become a CheckaTrade Approved is so strict only businesses with outstanding financial, administrative, business, moral, and reputational standing make the cut. The assessment process involves credit checks, reference checks, business practice assessments, and other factors that indicate that the business is well-positioned to deliver excellent service consistently.
CheckaTrade Approved
CheckaTrade has been vetting and services for quality for over 20 years and has now begun to do the same for traders and vendors. Like the CheckaTrade Best Buy recognition for products, the CheckaTrade Approved icon, for any service vendor, signifies the hallmark of quality.
What Is CheckaTrade
The CheckaTrade Approved Endorsement Brings You
Sustained Quality
To remain a CheckaTrade Approved, a business must continually prove it is able and willing to provide top quality service to consumers. Every year, endorsed businesses are reassessed to ensure they continue to meet CheckaTrade’s high standards of service. GJP Flooring Brighton is proud to be, and remain a CheckaTrade Approved contractor.
Code of Conduct
The CheckaTrade Approved CheckaTrade flooring contractor,ing Brighton CheckaTradeing Brighton Warranty
Every job we execute for you comes with a warranty, and we promise that the terms will always be made clear to you. We will never shy away from effecting the privileges covered in the warranty as long as the conditions are met.Contact our Support team here
About Me
What will ostarine do, what will ostarine do - Buy anabolic steroids online
What will ostarine do
Kupic stanazol (stanozolol) ➦ 100% oryginalny najlepsze сeny w polsce szybka wysyłka wejdź i zamów ! Dobry efekt anaboliczny, bez zbędnego zwiększania poziomu estrogenów. Średnie dawki mogą wynieść od 20mg do nawet 100mg. Skutki uboczne winstrolu: największym problemem stosując winstrol jest jego. Podobnie jak inne anaboliki, także w przypadku winstrolu efekty uzyskane. Sustenon 250, winstrol, parabolan, oxandrolon, clenbuterol czy hgh (z ang. Najczęściej spotykane efekty uboczne wymienionych preparatów to: trądzik,. 'how to order' page to know how can you safely place your order. Blog/community/profile/sarms31004310/ winstrol efekty, crazy bulk website.. Winstrol stanozolol – efekty uboczne. Skutki uboczne spotykane przy zażywaniu stanozolu to uszkodzenie wątroby , przy czym zażywając środek w postaci. Jednym z nieporządanych efektów winstrolu jest to, iż 'wysusza' on stawy przez. Stanazolol najczęściej używany jest z innymi sterydami, bo wzmacnia działanie innych środków anabolicznych. Z testosteronem daje efekt w. Można dostrzec pierwsze efekty winstrolu to ponad 4 tygodnie. Anavar winstrol clenbuterol cycle clenbuterol vs anavar reddit anavar i clean efekty anavar
A dose of 500-600mg per week is great for a middleweight person, what will ostarine do.
What will ostarine do
Should i do pct along with ostarine mk- 2886? integrating ostarine. Payment can sometimes be a problem with sarms vendors, but with behemoth labz, they offer a multitude of different payment options. “don't ask your gp about steroids. They will know less than you do or they will just try to talk you out of it. ” this was a recurrent theme in the. Var will do zero for your free test. Your browser can't play this video. The truth about ostarine | sarms for gains | tiger fitness. To fully understand why post cycle therapy is so crucial, let's take a moment to understand what occurs when you use anabolic steroids. How does sarms work. In case of an adverse analytical finding, hair testing can be a complement to document the claim of the athlete but of course, the result should not be considered. What can ostarine do for you? as a bodybuilding supplement, ostarine promises a lot. Side effects of ostarine. Sarms like ostarine does not affect all the cellular. In addition, serious medical complications can and do occur. What does ostarine do to the body? ostarine is helpful in increasing the lean muscle mass in the body, and it also increases bone density. A lot of guys can lift plenty of weight after a cycle of steroids. I just finished an 8 week 'cycle' of ostarine (sarm)and put on 4 lbs of muscle and lost 3% body fat. I want to add in a sarm like ostarine for a bit of a muscle building edge. Does anyone have any idea how ostarine might affect my test results if i go in for a routine It's often recommended to go for a testosterone only cycle when you're starting out because it brings about fast strength and mass gains and gives you the chance to see how your body reacts to having a greater amount of testosterone circulating, what will ostarine do.
What will ostarine do, what will ostarine do%, what will ostarine do. Testosterone's impact on the heart is still lower compared to other steroids and that's why it's considered the safest steroid on the market. When to take ostarine. You can take ostarine at any time of the day – most take it in the morning with their first meal. Trenorol can also help with fat loss, what will ostarine do. Yes, you read that right! since anadrol is not necessarily a anabolic steroid and it works to stimulate red. Ostarine (mk-2866) can be used alone or combined with other sarms and natural testosterone boosters. The half-life of ostarine is about 24 hours, so the full. Some hope it can also build muscle. A similar compound, sr9009, rad 140 requires a post cycle therapy (pct), similar to other sarms like lgd 4033. Com/product/841205-47-8/ mk -2866, popularly known as ostarine, it is currently on clinical testing phase. Uses of ostarine (mk-2866): taking ostarine can significantly improve lean body mass. This makes it a go-to for people suffering from conditions like cachexia or muscle wasting syndrome due to cancer and other auto-immune disorders. Does ostarine increase penis sise male enhancement products that work male enhancement pills that work fast reasons for erectile dysfunction at 60 best. Ethio-american doctors group forum - member profile > profile page. User: what will ostarine do, what will ostarine do, title: new member, about: what will. Some examples of supplements that contain ostarine can be found on the usada. Ostarine can also be utilised whilst during a cutting phase of training due to its ability to maintain both muscle mass and strength during calorific. You can shop for ostarine or mk-2866, andarine or s4, ligandrol or. When it comes to ostarine, clinical research suggests that this sarm does not
Winstrol efekty, what will ostarine do
What will ostarine do, legal steroids for sale paypal. If you are a woman, what will ostarine do. This medicine is not approved for use in women. If you are a woman using testosterone gel, talk with your doctor if you are pregnant, plan on getting pregnant, or are breast-feeding. Although androstendione is not a steroid, and is simply a prohormone, the word /spanym-buyer, as did demand& and unfortunately, the prevalence of fake or counterfeit steroids, what will ostarine do.
What will ostarine do, buy legal steroid paypal. You should not receive testosterone if you have prostate cancer, male breast cancer, a serious heart condition, or severe liver or kidney disease, what will ostarine do.
Supplements for cutting weight
Jak brać winstrol / stanozolol? znajdziesz tu dawkowanie, efekty, skutki uboczne, zdjęcia. Przy okazji sprawdzisz cenę winstrolu oral oraz. Winstrol tabletki opinie efekty. Bio age deca drolon 100 80 tabs - oferty. Ocena 5 / 5 54974 opinie. Bio age deca drolon nowość 80 jak winstrol sterydy. Czesc mam pytanie do ludzi stosujacych winstrol chodzi mi mianowicie o jego dzialanie ,efekty skutki uboczne chcialbym sie dowiedziec czy to prawda ze. 1 grudnia, 2014; 0 komentarzy. Winstrol – działanie, skutki uboczne, przeciwwskazania charakterystyka winstrolu. 77 prospect ave hackensack dr howard (winstrol tabletki opinie efekty). Jednym z nieporządanych efektów winstrolu jest jego „wysuszajacy” wpływ na stawy – z tego. Winstrol – jakie skutki uboczne może wywołać? winstrol i promabolan należą do ścisłej czołówki przyjmowanych sterydów. Dlaczego? działają szybko, sprawnie i.. Procesy syntezy białek czego efektem jest zwiększony anabolizm organizmu. 149,00 zł; mocny zestaw legalne sterydy metanabol winstrol; 19 osób kupiło. Czy winstrol szkodzi na stawy? w doping rozpoczęty przez naja, 21 02 2015 winstrol, stawy, stanozol)
Every single steroid compound comes with its own individual side effect risks and complications., winstrol efekty..
To clear up the common misconceptions, let's redefine the two. Artificial steroids (sometimes called corticosteroids) are drugs intended for a broad array of illnesses that involve inflammation in the body like asthma, arthritis, eczema, and even cancer, what will ostarine do. Different esters have a shifting around of atoms to form very slightly different compounds to the original organic compound, what will ostarine do.. Diving deeper into the rate of estrogen expression, we can also report that the liver is at the forefront of estrogenic activity, compared to other tissues such as, the skin, adipose tissue and bones its relatively mild[4], what will ostarine do. Nandrolone is a 19-Nor related anabolic compound. How Is Testosterone, a Steroid Hormone, Something that can be Prescribed, what will ostarine do. Because low testosterone is a recognized medical condition, your medical care provider can prescribe testosterone to you. Legal Alternative to Dianabol, what will ostarine do. D-Bal creates the ultimate anabolic state for mega muscle growth, rapid strength gains and increased mass. We present in this article a list of some of the most common ones. Synthetic variants of this principal male hormone are arguably the most popular, what will ostarine do. Beta agonists Lithium Anti-epileptics, what will ostarine do. A General Review of the Mechanisms for Steroid or Glucocorticoid Induced Increases in the White Blood Cell (WBC) Count ' EBMconsult. Bodybuilders will often turn to anabolic steroids as a method of increasing their muscle growth. This is due to some short term positive effects it has on the body's testosterone production, what will ostarine do. Even so, some users will find this particular form difficult to use; some, the majority will not, what will ostarine do. Some individuals will find they are very sensitive to the Propionate ester and will find they experience a level of discomfort from the medication. Leaving testosterone out of your steroid cycles brings almost certainty to the situation of very low to no testosterone in your body. Low or no testosterone brings severe health consequences to any man in all areas of life, including both the body and the mind, what will ostarine do.
Popular steroids:
Pharmacy Gears
Clenbuterol
Gen-Shi Laboratories
Anavar 50mg Dragon Pharma
Iran Hormone
Boldenone 10ml – 300mg
Test Cypionate 250mg
Sun Pharma
Accutane Dragon Pharma
Stanozolol
Anavar – 50mg
Testoheal 40 mg (30 pills)Chapter 1
"PETER SHANDY, YOU'RE IMPOSSIBLE!", sputtered his best friend's wife. "How do you expect me to run the Illumination if everybody."
(.....................................................................................) ....something snapped. (...), lets's flip the power and be off. I'm going to impose on you for a lift to Boston, if I may. I have an urgent appointment there."
Every year I read this very funny Christmas-detective novel (it appeared in 1978 - if I'd count the way Professor Shandy does that would be....?...times...)
The photo above I took yesterday evening - in Berlin they start their Illumination tradition too!
(I have typed the whole text by hand - hope there are no typos)
I do like Peter Shandy's sense of humor and justice. I'm not sure I like him.
Dear Emma, Peter Shandy's neighbors will not have thought it amusing.
You know her novels. I like this special one.
Oh, dear. I would retreat to the interior of my home.
Yes - I would take a bus to Boston :-)
Pedantic, don't you think? Anything can be overdone and Christmas decor is no exception.
I think it was Professor Shandy's revenge for eighteen years besieging to join in :-)
Simple is often far more effective !!! XXXX
Absolutely, Jackie - you should see my Advent wreath (Danish style): minimalism at its purest! XXXX
Hahah!! I don't know this work and must go on the hunt :)
Thanks, Pipistrello - I'm very glad to see that I am not the only person under the sun who thinks that beginning of the crime-novel very funny! xxxPopcorn Shed Pecan Pie Gourmet Popcorn Shed (80g)
Nutty, buttery, smooth caramel with golden roasted pecans giving you a textural sensation and nutty crunch.
Prepare to attain ‘genius’ level taste sensation with our small-batch handcrafted pecan pie popcorn infused with real golden roasted pecans.
Our Pecan Pie popcorn is housed in a ‘shed’ inspired by autumn colours and an old-school American Barn yard.
Suitable for vegetarians. Gluten Free
Ingredients
Popped Corn (24%), Sugar, Butter (contains Milk), Glucose Syrup, Golden Syrup, Pecan Halves (5%) (Nuts), Rapeseed Oil, Salt, Natural Flavouring. Emulsifier: Soya Lecithin. Raising agent: bicarbonate of soda.
Allergy Information: For allergens, see ingredients in bold.
Nutritional Information
Energy: 2026Kj/483Kcal, Fat: 21.2g, of which saturates: 11.8g, Carbohydrates: 67.2g, of which sugars: 45.6g, Protein: 3.5g, Salt: 1.2g800.225.2610
ARK Z-Vibe Tip Kit Set All of the tips for the Z-Vibe in one convenient kit: probe, preefer, mini, fine, hard/soft spoon combo, and five bite 'n chew tips. Packaged in clear plastic, impact-resistant box. All tips are latex free and constructed of FDA-approved, medical-grade materials. Includes five resealable plastic bags for individual tip storage.It has been a while since we decided to dine-in. And this time, we finally able to dine in. With the country’s pandemic is slowly getting in control, we now got a chance to relax and able to dine in and enjoy the good food. This time, we visited Curious Kitchen to enjoy our delighting meals and we love the overall ambiance as well. SOP is well done when we are there such as check our MySejahtera and ensuring we had been vaccinated ( after 14 days) before we are allow to go in.
Located at the rooftop, Curious Kitchen is located at Tropicana Avenue where it is a modern contemporary restaurant which offers you with sharable platter and even good wines and sangria. The restaurant is divided into 3 section where they have the indoor kitchen where one can dine in and also for event, as well as open air dining and a hangout bar.
And this time, we have got our chance to check out their awesomelicious meals which includes the Baja Fish Tacos, Porky Fries and many more.
We started off with their Baja Fish Tacos which is one of the best sellers here. The beer battered halibut is beautifully deep fried till perfection. Grace gives a double thumbs up after the first bite where the fish comes crispy and juicy and served with the fresh slaw, pico de Gallo, coriander, chili sour cream and the flour tortillas. It has a light spiciness in it which give a kick to start off. Deliciously done!
The Porky Fries are just so good. The fries is well deep fried till golden brown and then it is topped with the smoky BBQ pulled pork and onions. They are not soggy but it is so flavourful and we wipe up the dish in minutes. It is definitely a dish to go for and it is well paired with the Sangria too.
The Nachos Americano is indeed a unique dish where it brings the combination of both Mexican Nachos together with the American Dish. They are an addictive dish for sharing where they are served with their fried tortilla chips, its special cheese sauce, sour cream, guacamole, pico de Gallo, red salsa, and coriander.
The BBQ Australian Beef Ribs is definitely a must to go for. They are being oven roasted in its signature dry coffee rub, bbq sauce; served with apple poppy slaw and & mashed potatoes at the bottom. The beef ribs are so tender and juicy with no gammy taste on it. They are so good and delicious where hubby give a double thumbs up.
And one of the MUST To try and my favourite dish is their Curious Kitchen’s Iberico Toploin. It is indeed WOW me as I am loving it so much! Using the imported pork which only fed with the special diet, the meat have it’s flavour on its own and the meat is so tender and juicy. They are perfectly cooked with perfection and side with some greenies and mashed potato.
And the luxury and yet awesomelicious Hokkien Mee is worth to go for. You can now enjoy the deliciously made egg noodles which is well cooked with the iberico meat, fresh seafood such as the squids and prawn together with vegetables. The taste is so good with the wok hei in it too. Such a comfort meal to end and I definitely come back for this!
We ends our meals with the desserts of course. They have wide variety of desserts which includes the Crème Brulee and Miso Caramel Cheesecake. They are so good and perfect where Grace fall in love with their Miso Caramel Cheesecake. The cheesecake comes with the creamy bites in it. They are so good and delicious and it gives a melt in the mouth sensation.
And we also try the Crème Brulee which comes with the crispy edge with the creamy custard taste. Nicely done.
It is time to visit Curious Kitchen for an awesome-licious meal. Check them out now
Address: 2nd floor, P-02-01, 12, Persiaran Tropicana, 47410 Petaling Jaya, Selangor
Phone: 010-666 1048
Opening Hours : Tuesday – Sunday ( 11 am- 10 pm)
GPS Location : 3.1378946,101.5954681
IG:
FB :
Note: They also offer to take away delivery for those who still prefer to dine at home. To order, you may visitCan we agree we’re way past debating that at least here in California, we need to produce a lot more housing than we’ve been doing? Great. So where do we put it? It has been acceptable for a long time to make room for denser communities where there’s convenient access to meaningful transit and close to urban cores, thanks to state bonus density laws and more locally relevant ordinances, such as the Transit Oriented Communities Overlay in Los Angeles. But what we really need is an “all in, all the time” strategy to creatively find as many places as possible to locate new dwellings, urban and suburban. So it’s time to prospect for possibilities everywhere, including existing neighborhoods.
ADUs Are Coming!
The tide is turning for at least a part of this challenge. It has been said that “The single greatest source of real estate for the production of new attainable dwelling units in Los Angeles is back yards.” This has been verified by multiple studies. A few years back California passed laws making the production of accessory dwelling units much easier by relaxing regulations concerning rental restrictions, parking requirements, and even setbacks in some cases. What had been a bit of a cottage industry (please forgive the pun) got an adrenaline injection and really caught fire. As noted by Dan Bertolet and Nisma Gabobe of the Sightline Institute, .” By default, these dwellings tend to be more attainable because they are small, they don’t require much, if any, upgraded infrastructure, and they are not amenitized. They are typically starter or transition homes, for sure. And they have the very obvious benefit of significantly increasing the density of existing neighborhoods.
. . . But Hold On Just A Minute There
Densifying existing single family neighborhoods? Them’s fightin’ words. We love our existing neighborhoods, and we’re highly organized, well-funded, and super vocal, and a substantial voting block to boot, so you don’t want to tangle with us. While we agree in principle that more housing is needed, when the rubber hits the road, we don’t want it in our backyards. Or down the block. Or in the neighborhood at all: “Please build more housing, just not here.” And this resistance is on top of the already excessive regulation and abuse of environmental law (in California) that hampers the production of housing almost everywhere.
But to walk for a moment in the shoes of the NIMBYs, they often express completely valid concerns; it is entirely possible and logical that some existing single family neighborhoods are not perfect candidates for the addition of a slew of new ADUs. But plenty are—we just have to be discerning to seek and find them.
In the meanwhile, of course, with the laws in place, it is possible and beneficial to build new houses that come with ADUs already in place. Beyond the most obvious advantage of providing more attainable dwellings, ADUs have other distinct benefits for owners of the homes to which they are attached (or detached, as the case may be), including income to help the primary owner afford the mortgage, or the opportunity to expand the household to include an extended family over successive generations (initially occupied by the owner’s aging parent, moving to a boomerang kid or newly minted young family, until they take over the main house and the original owner moves to the ADU. The possibilities are endless.) When designed into a new master planned community or development, there are often no adjacent neighborhoods to disrupt.
Densifying SFD Neighborhoods
For years, planners, builders, and architects have been reaching for higher densities within single family developments, with 20 DU or more being the holy grail. We’ve come close with products such as 3 story “detached townhomes,” or progressive designs that park less than might be expected, and don’t build bedrooms for cars. But imagine if in the same footprint as a traditional 3-story townhome (with parking), we could develop a townhome over flat combo, each with its own separate entry, with the flat playing the role of the ADU in this situation. That would immediately double the density of the neighborhood, while still parking 2 cars for the townhome and one for the flat—it’s an attached condition that feels detached. And the community would still have the look and feel of a modern single family development. With the current market proliferation of single family rentals, this type of stacked duplex would feel right at home.
Villages, Not Tracts
With tools like these at our disposal, it’s time to evolve our thinking about lower density residential planning to embrace the concept of villages rather than tracts. Denser single family neighborhoods, including those with built-in ADUs, are plotted alongside a variety of attached dwelling concepts, offering a range of price points to attract a broader mix of families; these are adjacent to appropriately scaled walk-up apartments, which is yet another price point on the attainability scale. In a village concept, there are pockets of amenities and open space distributed throughout which are shared and enjoyed by all residents. This type of village, with denser enclaves of dwellings interspersed with green spaces becomes a highly walkable environment when the pedestrian realm is thoughtfully enhanced, in sharp contrast to traditional suburban neighborhoods with vast tracts of detached homes with long driveways and fewer attractions to comfortably walk to. A denser village community is, well, communal by nature, and completely in keeping with the typically younger demographic moving into them.
We need more of everything, everywhere. Each little creative, careful incremental step forward will help us inch towards a state with enough housing for everyone. Let’s work together to find ways to say “Yes.”Fox 140x140cm Christmas Blankets for Newborn Photography Prop
- Regular price
- $29.99 USD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $29<<
Newborn wrap cloth is fabric. It can make a great photo prop for a maternity session! We have a wide variety of colors available. You can choose any color you want.New research suggests living in a city with poor air quality increases your chance of developing age-related macular degeneration .
How is air pollution linked to AMD?
“This new study shows an association between air pollution and AMD risk, but we still don’t know the mechanism involved,” said Raj Maturi, MD, clinical spokesperson for the American Academy of Ophthalmology. “We do know that increased inflammation can increase risk of dry macular degeneration, and pollutants increase inflammatory responses.”
How do I know if I have AMD?
Symptoms include loss of central vision, blurry vision or seeing “wavy” lines.
During the early phases of AMD, people often notice no changes to their vision. Because of this, getting your eyes checked regularly by an ophthalmologist is critical.
Lower your risk of vision loss from macular degeneration
While some factors may be out of your control, there are several lifestyle changes you can make to lower your risk of vision loss from AMD. These healthy habits include not smoking, eating an eye-healthy diet and exercising regularly.
“We know that our genetics can contribute to almost half the risk of macular degeneration in some people. We, of course can’t change this—though there are drugs currently in research studies to address this,” said Dr. Maturi. “The risk factors that we can modify include smoking, high blood pressure and high cholesterol.”
Treatments for eye diseases like wet AMD are most effective with an early diagnosis. Make sure you get regular comprehensive eye exams to lower your risk of vision loss.
You may be eligible for a free eye exam
For individuals age 65 or older who are concerned about their risk of eye disease, you may be eligible for a free medical eye exam through the American Academy of Ophthalmology’s EyeCare America® program. This public service program matches volunteer ophthalmologists with eligible patients in need of eye care across the United States. To see if you or a loved one qualifies, visit EyeCare America.
Learn more about the risk of age related macular degenerationNew Listing 7665 French Street, Vancouver, British Columbia
December 4, 2013
Charming character home located in one of the best areas in Marpole. Almost $200K in renos, additions and updates completed in 2011 featuring custom renovated kitchen, stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, custom window shutters, restored hardwood floors, new roof and patio/deck. 3 bedrooms on top with open flex area for computer/media/office. Bright and spacious master bedroom, no ensuite,We started off as the adventure of a lifetime has now really started to drag, but it really doesn’t have to be like that. Let’s take a look at 8 ways you can keep your health, and your sanity, when you’re living life on the road.
Embrace Boredom Whenever You Can
Boredom used to be something we were all accustomed to. Waiting to check in at the hotel, queuing at the airport, and trying to attract the eye of a waiter in a restaurant were all part and parcel of the working day. Now they’re not chances to just sit and be present in the moment, they’re an excuse to check your email, post on Facebook, and share a couple of YouTube videos. Embracing boredom is all about leaving your phone in your pocket and just waiting patiently. It might feel alien at first, it probably will be boring, but over time it’ll give your brain some much-needed rest from the constant stimulation it’s subjected to.
Have Someone else Take Care of the Transportation
Booking transport is never top of your list of priorities when you’re travelling at the last minute, but it still needs to be done. Landing somewhere you don’t speak the language and then having to try and get a taxi on the fly can be stressful, to say the least. If you want to be able to enjoy smooth sailing from take-off until you get to your room, have someone else book your travel for you. It’ll be a weight off your shoulders, and will give you more time and energy to get in the right state of mind for your trip.
Leave Your Phone in Your Room when You Go to Dinner
We spend more time on our phones than ever before, and it’s not necessarily a good thing when you think about it. Just because the technology is there doesn’t mean we should use it. Leaving your phone in your room is a simple way to enjoy your evening, sample the menu, and take in the atmosphere. Like with our first tip, you’re probably going to feel a little bored the first few times you do it. But do it often enough and you’ll start to feel the pace of life slow down, and your energy levels return. It’s so important if you want to be at your best when it matters.
Stick to the Same Morning Routine, no Matter where You Are
Routines really do matter, because they take the stress out of trying to figure out what to do each day. Many of us will spend far longer thinking about when and what to do than it would actually take to do the tasks in the first place. Most of the time there’s no one ideal way to do things, so just pick something that works for you and let it evolve naturally over time. There’s a lot to be said for starting your day on autopilot, and if it gives you more energy to enjoy yourself after work, why not?
Avoid Staying Up Late Watching Movies in Your Room
It’s all too tempting to make the most of the quiet time in your hotel room to do some serious binge watching, but tiredness and fatigue will soon catch up with you. By all means, find a series to get into over the course of your trip, but don’t watch it at the cost of a good night’s sleep. When you’re working away it’s virtually impossible to catch up on your sleep, so make getting enough your number one goal every evening. It’s not the most exciting way to spend your time, but it will allow you to make better decisions, get more out of the day, and generally just feel better about yourself.
Embrace the Local Culture and Make the Most of It
Travelling for work shouldn’t be all doom and gloom — if it is, you’re probably in need of a career change. One of the great things about being paid to go to different parts of the world is that you get to experience cultures and traditions you probably wouldn’t see on holiday. Embracing everything you come into contact with along the way is the best way to go, even if you don’t really feel like doing it at the time. You’ll be able to look back in years to come, when memories of that stressful presentation are long gone, and be glad that you sampled as many of the local delicacies as you did.
Stay Present, and Don’t Wish the Trip Away
We all long to get home, and that’s perfectly natural. The secret is to make sure it doesn’t consume your every waking moment. There’s nothing to be gained from wishing your trip away, so make sure you take the time to appreciate the experience. It’s all about staying present, immersing yourself in the here and now, and breaking the sole focus on what comes next. You only have one life, and you can get a surprising amount out of the most seemingly boring situations just by deciding to embrace them.
Have Something to Look Forward to Every Day
Last but not least, you need something to look forward to at the end of the day. It’s not enough to simply cross off the days until your flight home, all that will do is make you a lot more homesick. The best thing to do is to have a restaurant and a movie in mind for the evening. You can then do your best to replicate that happy feeling of walking through the door and seeing your family. Stick at it and you’ll be able to see a whole new side of work travel.
Rebecca blogs for Dunn Transportation, and has herself spent more hours at airports than she would care to count. Her pro tip is to always have something to busy yourself with, and take every new day as a gift.Our Process
Define Growth Objectives
By defining measures of success for a given program, we provide our clients with a sense of order. If we start by creating a shared set of growth objectives, we can more accurately measure our progress and stay focused on our client’s goals.
Research Market Situation
With our objectives defined, we set our sights on understanding the market. We want to go the extra mile, fully comprehending the world around your customers, prospects, and potential competition in order to take your challenges on as our own. We combine our experience with the analytical discernment that comes from thorough research to identify opportunities and lay the foundation for achieving superior results.
Develop Campaign Plan
Once we have defined our shared goals and put our knowledge of the market to use, we develop a plan of action. After considering the benefits and risks of a variety of tactics, we will recommend a comprehensive strategy that is centered on in-depth research and analysis, and which uses automation to deliver quickly and efficiently.
Execute Sales & Marketing Efforts
Next, we put our plan in action, with our bank-specific CRM sales tools making personal follow-up easier to do, easier to track, and easier to monitor.
Report & Analyze Results
Once a program is underway, we measure each of its elements and compile our data into actionable reports, using teamwork to realize success by adapting your program to what we’ve learned, and then implementing changes to better serve you. Our goal is to achieve excellence, with the knowledge that we can always get better.Opposition Yesh Atid Member of Knesset Yael German responded to the government's announcement that it will not bring the surrogacy law to a vote in the upcoming Knesset session. "Twenty-two years of discrimination are enough," German said. "We will raise the issue of the surrogacy law on the first day the Knesset goes back into session.""The time has come for the prime minister to stand behind his statements," said German, who first raised the issue of Israel's surrogacy law in 2014. "The excuses are over, the surrogacy law can be passed and the discrimination will end once and for all."Pending the 40 signatures on a letter Yesh Atid initiated, the Knesset is obligated to convene a discussion in the presence of the prime minister on the issue of surrogacy within 21 days of the opening of the next Knesset session.According to the law today, surrogacy in Israel can only be performed by a man and woman who are a couple, or a single woman who is suffering from a medical issue that requires her to undergo the procedure.The proposed bill would also allow same-sex couples and single fathers to exercise their right to become parents by means of surrogacy in Israel.MK German and Yesh Atid's bill will be raised in a ministerial committee on Sunday, November 14.By Ken Kugler, PIA Councillor
Australia has had its own pump test code since 1931, which has helped to guide the industry for almost a century. However the future of the code – which hasn’t been updated since 2001 – is somewhat uncertain.
Australia’s pump test code originated as ASCB9 and the first AS2417 code was published in 1980. This 1980s edition, in three parts, was based on the British code ruling at the time.
Our current 2001 edition of AS2417 is actually a direct text adoption of the ISO Standard ISO 9906:1999
At the time of writing, Standards Australia has advised on their website that all standards older than ten years have been listed, with a view to deleting them. AS24172001 obviously fits this category and thus has a very high possibility of being deleted, especially as it’s not a statute requirement of the National Construction Code.
In Australia, AS24172001 has been and still is the prominent pump test code for clients purchasing pumps for most water supply, water treatment works, fire protection pumps and similar applications where a guaranteed performance is critical.
The major importance of a pump test Standard for a user is the guarantee that a pump performance will be within a particular tolerance range for their requirement.
Performance parameters are flow rate, generated head, speed, and the power required for a specified flow rate and head. Finally, the pump efficiency is a calculated value from the power absorbed.
A manufacturer’s published pump performance indicates all the parameters, and in most cases, includes note advising the particular standard that the pump is guaranteed to meet.
For the pump industry, the test tolerances of a pump’s performance are the major issue that purchasers and suppliers concern themselves with.
Currently AS24172001 (ISO99061999) provides the following test tolerances for a pump:
Purchasers should be aware that most pump suppliers guarantee their standard general purpose pumps to meet the tolerance “Series or as per Annex A”.
To illustrate this, a manufacturer supplying a pump to provide a flow rate of 100L/s at 100m head will guarantee to supply a pump that will have a minimum flow rate of 91L/s at 100m or up to 109L/s at 100m.
Alternatively, the pump may deliver a minimum head of 93m at 100L/s or a maximum head of 107m at a flow rate of 100L/s.
Unfortunately, many specifiers do not realise that just because the pump has a guaranteed performance, it still may not meet their minimum performance criteria because of the allowable tolerance.
It is logical that as the current AS2417 is a complete take up of the ISO99061999 edition, then perhaps Standards should update to the current ISO99062012 edition.
What would this provide the industry with?
Examination of the table:
- Three tolerance grades remain in each standard, although the previous “Annex A” is now designated as“Grade 3”.
- All tolerance values are identical apart from the Grade 1 flow rate that has been increased from +/ 4.5{87a03eb4327cd2ba79570dbcca4066c6d479b8f7279bafdb318e7183d82771cf} to +/5{87a03eb4327cd2ba79570dbcca4066c6d479b8f7279bafdb318e7183d82771cf}.
- An additional “Acceptance Grade” now provides a “Unilateral” acceptance grade.
- Guarantee requirements are now clearly indicated as “Mandatory” or “Optional”. This was not as clearly indicated in AS24172001.
The Unilateral Acceptance Grades are a very interesting development. Essentially, these grades require that for a specified pump (a very important point) to meet 1U or 2U tolerances, it must meet the specified performance without a negative tolerance being applied. Only a positive tolerance is acceptable.
A negative side of this is that the power now has a very large positive tolerance. It will be interesting to see how purchasers and pump suppliers will address this issue, as the cost of the driving electric motor or diesel engine is a major cost item, both from a capital and operating point of view.
I suspect the clever purchaser will nominate an efficiency to be achieved rather than power.
ISO is essentially a European and British standard. However, Australian industries, based on American technology or Americanowned companies, have tended to nominate Americanbased test codes as their Standard here in Australia. The oil and gas industry is a typical user of American pump standards.
So what is the current American standard? The Standard is known as ANSI/HI 14.62011 Rotodynamic Pumps for Hydraulic Performance Tests.
The major point of interest of this standard is its foreword which states “It is in harmony with revised ISO9906…this means that users in all parts of the world…when specifying a pump hydraulic performance acceptance test, will be working with identical technical requirements and acceptance grades.”
Further investigation confirms that ISO99062012 and ANSI/HI 14.62011 are virtually identical in their content.
The Australian pump industry, its suppliers and its consumers need to take action to ensure they are not being left behind, or indeed more confused with the requirements in the future.Implemented J Joseph Barber started a topic over 3 years ago Hello, I am looking to sign up for the Small monthly plan at $24 , however it is saying I will be charged $72 (pro rated for the current billing period). Not sure why i am being charged $72 this month and not $24 . Thank you - Joseph pro rated.png (206 KB)
Hi, Joseph.
We answered you via Facebook Messenger. You had 3 workspaces at the moment you made a payment. Now, your free-trial expires and all workspaces you created during the Beta and free trial were reset to 0. If you retry now, you will be charged the right amount of money. Sorry for your inconvenience and contact us if you have further questions.
Best Regards,
Cupix SupportOn this page:
Documents you need to supply to apply for a permit application
To complete the online heritage permit application form you will need to supply:
- a copy of the certificate of title issued within the last 30 days (unless your site is on Crown Land) - (for permit applications only)
- contact details and written consent of the owner
- contact details and written consent of the body corporate manager
- a copy of an approved cultural heritage management plan (if applicable).
- Documentation to accompany your application should outline the full details of your proposed works, including a heritage impact statement and plans. Further information on what to include in your permit application found on resources for permit applicants.
Documents you need to supply for a permit exemption application
To complete the online heritage permit exemption application form you will need to supply:
- contact details and written consent of the owner or body corporate if relevant
- full details of your proposed works including plans. It may be helpful to include a heritage impact statement, photographs, paint and materials swatches, etc
- you must provide enough information so that Heritage Victoria is satisfied that your proposed works will not harm the heritage significance of the place or object.
Document limits
You can upload PDFs, JPEGs, word docs, excel files and most other file types. However, there is a size limit of 40MB for each file uploaded.
The applicant will need to ensure that files are a suitable size to ensure accessibility. Please reduce large file sizes by optimising or flattening. If absolutely necessary, break the document into several parts.
Please use letters and digits only in the file name.
Why do I need to upload owner's consent?
The Heritage Act requires an applicant for a permit to provide written consent of the owner or government asset manager.
We will accept consent on letterhead from the owner. We recommend you use the following text: “Statement of consent of owner under section 92(3) or 93 of the Heritage Act 2017 (Vic) for an application to carry out works or activities in relation to a registered place or object.
- I am the owner of the registered place/object [insert name and VHR number of registered place/object]
- I consent to the application to carry out the works or activities as specified in the [permit OR permit exemption] application.
- I consent to [insert name] lodging an application on my behalf.
[Name] [address] [contact phone number]
Payment options
Heritage permit fees are determined in accordance with the Heritage Regulations 2017. If you would like to know how the fees are calculated, visit the 2020-2021 fees and penalties page.
Permit fees can be made by the following methods:
Australia Post will accept cash, cheque or debit card only. Cheques are to be made out to 'Department Environment Land Water and Planning'. Any dishonored cheque will incur a fee of $110.00.
You will be required to add proof of payment details and upload a copy of the receipt.
Can I seek a fee waiver?
In some instances, fees may be waived. A fee waiver can be requested through the online form process.
Processing time
There is no change to processing time for applications. A permit application will be determined within 60 days. A permit exemption application will be determined within about two weeks.
Navigating the form
Can I save my application?
Yes, you can save your application. You (the permit contact) will be sent an email including a password and a link to retrieve your application. Please note, without the email your application will be lost and you will need to start again.
Currently all supporting documents are supplied on the last page of the application form. The form can NOT be saved with attachments at this stage.
The P number for my pre-application meeting isn’t accepted
If the P number you enter isn’t associated with the place you’re putting in an application for, it won’t be accepted. If someone has already applied for a permit using that P number, it won’t be accepted. Your pre-application P number is valid for one permit/exemption application only. You cannot use it for subsequent applications. It’s not compulsory to enter a P number, just move to the next field.
I can’t press ‘next’
If your next button is grey or you can’t progress to the next screen, scroll up to check for red text and complete the missing information.
Page last updated: 02/07/21Running into an ex can be awkward. Spending a few months filming a summer blockbuster with them, even more so – unless you’re Dominic Cooper and Amanda Seyfried.
That’s because the former couple, who dated for a few years after meeting on the set of “Mamma Mia!” in 2007, was never going to let their past get in the way while filming the sequel “Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again” last fall.
“She’s a friend,” Cooper, 40, told the UK’s Attitude magazine. “It was always going to be OK. You just have to be delicate with those situations.”
It probably helped that both actors have moved on with their lives since calling it quits for good in 2010, especially Seyfried. Last year the actress, 32, married Thomas Sadowski and gave birth to the couple’s daughter.
“She’s married now and has a beautiful child,” Cooper told the magazine. “We knew we were going to be working together [again] on a set, going back to a part which was certainly going to remind us of 10 years earlier, but I know her family, I know her mum, who was there a lot.”
Whether or not any of those old feelings came back, it sounds like Cooper had a good time working with his old flame.
“It was a pleasant atmosphere,” he added. “It was really interesting to see how different our lives are after 10 years. It is a long time and it was nice to spend time [with her].”
The experience of working with an ex could prove to be valuable for Cooper, too. In April, he and “Preacher” co-star Ruth Negga broke up after eight years together.
Although the series has yet to be renewed for a fourth season – its third is currently on the air – AMC has not announced plans to cancel it either.Roblox Script Interacting with the script console, primer
Posted on May 4, 2020
The console allows to get messages from scripts. We can also use it to insert commands in real-time during the run-time of the game.
Here a simple one:
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.HeadScale.Value = 2
The above line alter the head size of the player, we can play in real-time to fine tuning the perfect value.Knowing which items to purchase at the Dollar Store, or in my neck of the woods, the Dollar Tree, is a great tip for those of us that want to stretch our decorating dollars.
Today I will be spilling the beans about what I keep on my standard shopping list when it comes to the Dollar Tree.
Hopefully, you will be able to save some cash now that you know some of my “insider secrets”. (wink!)
Let’s play a little eye- spy game around my house!
Dollar Store Decorations
Chandelier Light Bulbs
Get the two pack clear, interior chandelier bulbs.
Shower Curtain Liners
Who wants to scrub a mildewy shower curtain?
“Not I!”, said the cow.
Then, don’t! Just replace it with one that costs $1!
Our “shower curtain” a thrifted duvet and Dollar Tree liners tied up with ribbon.
Glass Bottles
Adding glass bottles along a window to catch the light is a favorite use of a windowsill around here.
River Rocks
Our little plastic grate was getting all crusty in our fridge’s water dispenser. I called to replace it and it cost $30! Gasp.
No way, Jose!
I’ll just put some little rocks in there.
Don’t they lend a spa feel to the whole look?
Picture Frames
They are not all great, but it’s worth browsing the frame aisle once in a while.
I found these cute, beach house style frames for the kids’ school pictures and had them over their school workboxes for years.
Shells
One of my favorite summer time decorations!
Brown Paper
Buy this kraft paper in rolls and use it as your go-to wrapping paper year round.
Holiday Decor
You just never know what you will find from year to year, I have found gorgeous Christmas tree ornaments and vintage style decor.
Doilies for Valentine buntings
And I got some peat pots for Easter table decor this year!
Now I know I have some clever readers. So tell me.
What are some other Dollar Store decorations that you have found that I should know about?
Sharing at these parties!
SaveSave
42 Comments
Wow thank you for sharing. I’ll have to look for the brown paper the next time I’m there. It’s hit or miss when I shop my local Dollar Store. I like to buy little match boxes and cover them with decorative paper. I give them with homemade candles during the holidays. French rolling pins, stemless wine glasses and tissue paper are also somethings I usely buy.
Author
Love your match box idea and French rolling pins! Oh my!!
Oh this is a great post with some great ideas I haven’t thought of! I would love for you to share at the
Fabulous Warm My Heart Party! The link is here:
Come over and share all your Heart Warming posts this week!
Author
Sherry, I am so pleased that you got some good inspiration. And I really appreciate your invite to the link party, I am not able to attend any more link parties right now, but I hope yours goes very well! xoxo
Your fridge solution is clever! Also love your Easter decor with the grass in the peat pots. At my dollar store I have to be careful or I spend too much b/c everything is so inexpensive.
Author
I hear ya, girl! It adds up, doesn’t it?
I LOVE the DOLLAR TREE STORE!! I was there to buy some fabulous cleaning spray for my bathrooms, etc but will need to go back soon and see what I goodies I can find and report back! Loved your ideas!!!!!
Author
Yes, I would love to hear your ideas, as well!
So funny! I also hit the brown wrapping paper and was just there Wednesday and bought the paper pots for seeds! I’m sure this list will help others see what will work for their homes!
Author
Your flower pot gifts turned out so well, you are so talented, Tanya!
I buy cards, as they are lovely and so much cheaper than at a card shop.
For gifts, I buy the gift bags and the tissue paper. My favorite bags are the brown ones with handles. It makes gift giving so easy, no wrapping, just tucking the gift into the bag with tissue all around it. Sometimes, for bigger gifts I buy the fabric bags that are colorful and can be re-used as shopping totes.
For those not wanting to use deodorant with aluminum, I find it at the dollar store at less than a third of the price it is found elsewhere.
And… reading glasses, for those of us who are older. I have a pair in various rooms, ready for use.
Lovely spatulas, oven mitts, potholders and plastic gripper type fabric are some other of my favs.
Author
Tissue paper, that is something I need to check out and reading glasses! Oh my, your list is fabulous!
The Dollar Store is great because you never know what you will find. I purchased lots of the small succulents and put them in planters. I’ve bought the grapevine wreaths and used them under my white dishes as chargers. You also can’t beat it for seasonal decor and paper goods.
Author
Ok, the charger idea is pure genius! I love it!
About two years ago, one dollar store in our area started carrying individual succulent plants in tiny plastic pots. I loaded up since I’d been decorating with faux succulents for some time and was tired of paying what the chain craft stores were charging. Just removed them from the pots and have used them in a variety of ways ever since. I told the store manager to order more because they were starting to trend and I was able to find more the next year. Not sure I’ve seen them since, though.
Author
Oh wow, I would love to find succulents, what a great find!
To Teddee Grace, Whenever I have asked at a Dollar Tree about whether they can order something, I’ve been told they just get a weekly shipment, and cannot order ~ they take what they get! So maybe that’s why you didn’t ever see more of what you want.
Sarah, these are great ideas ~ as varied as the items I’ve found. I use their plates for a project for my small business, and have found a neutral color nail polish I wear all the time. I’ve used the peat pots, too! I purchase decorations for the holidays, and often paint them for a unique look! (Usually no one else uses $1 Tree Christmas items, but that is changing!) And, imagine! ~ I put rocks in our bath sinks, because of a “tarnish” look on the stoppers. It IS a real spa look, isn’t it?! My fridge dispenser is the next “fix.” I never have seen the bottle brush trees there, but I’ll definitely grab those if I do ~ I use them each year! As you can see, I’ve found many items … and I’ll go back soon to find others you mention here.
Thanks for these ideas, Sarah (and commenters!) … I knew I would enjoy your posts!
p.s. Just a personal discovery, tho. Be careful with the metal utensils that are covered with black “plastic”: I soon noticed that on the edges, the black trim “material” was melting when used in a hot skillet, so fearful, I tossed!
Author
Great advice, Kathleen, and I love that our shopping habits have so much in common.;)
Pour peroxide into the fridge dispenser bottom and let it sit for a bit and a toothbrush gets rid of the crusty junk that mysteriously builds up from supposed “filtered water” lol!! Love the ideas you have, thanks!! With little ones in my house I have to pass on the spa rocks in the dispenser or I’d find them all over the place!! ?
Author
I can’t wait to try this, Dawn. Thanks for the tip. xoxo
I do that too Dawn. I’ve also used ammonia when I was out of peroxide….both work wonders!
Author
I love this advice, I am totally trying these tips now. xoxo
I buy my raffia at the Dollar Tree, comes in a package of three. I use it decorating swags, holiday decorating, gift wrapping, etc.
I also like buying my gift bags with handles at the Dollar Tree, I decorate then seasonally!
Author
I love raffia for gift wrapping, as well. I will have to check this out!
I rarely ever get to the dollar store, but these are some fantastic finds! My favorite thing to get there is actually gift bags. They have some very cute options, and they’re so much cheaper than the ones at Target. I’m going to have to look into the brown craft paper. I’ve been keeping a giant roll from the hardware store, but if I can get a smaller package for $1, that might just be better! Love the idea of using river rocks to hide the crusty water dispenser. Though, my kids would be playing with them constantly.
Author
Gift bags, I haven’t looked at those lately, I forgot how cute they can be from there. Thanks for the reminder!!
You created a list of attractive Dollar Tree items that don’t look “junky”. And, I love that you showed creative ways to use them. Thanks for sharing!
Author
That is a wonderful compliment, thank you, my dear!
Hi Sarah!
I’ve been reading here for a few months, but this is the first time I’ve commented. I wanted to chime in on the Dollar Store ideas, as I have a very tight decorating budget, but love antiques. We seem to live in an antique/thrifting/yard sale black hole which means I’ve had to get pretty creative and the Dollar Store has helped me out. I’ve taken the “silver” platters they have and sprayed them with a vinegar and dish soap mixture, let them sit for a while and they rust and patina really nicely. I spray painted some of their clear glass candle sticks with mirror finish spray paint to look like mercury glass. I took one of their frames, glued lace hem tape to it for texture, then painted it with oil rubbed bronze and antique gold paints. My favorite project so far though, was taking three frames and gluing them together, painting them antique gold then aging it, and using mirror finish spray paint and black and copper craft paints on the glass to make a “mirror” to put on our mantle. They have pretty decent battery operated pillar candles, and occasionally moss sheets. I noticed ours just got in tiny terra cotta pots as well.
I thoroughly enjoy your posts! After getting married and having my own house 13 years ago, I’ve finally nailed down my decorating taste and you always have something the inspires me. Have a wonderful week!
Bonnie
Author
Bonnie, you are my hero!! These ideas are amazing and I have been wanting to work with mirror paint for a while now.
Thank you for sharing some fabulous finds at the dollar store. it is amazing what you will find. Thanks for linking with DI&DI.
Author
You just never know what you will find there.;)
I also buy the clear plastic shower liners, and save the old one for a paint drop cloth. Seems I always have something to paint and the shower liners are a great size.
Author
Oh, great idea, Brenda!!
oh! i love all these ideas!! dollar tree, here i come!! thanks for starting something Sarah!
Author
Haha, go get em, girl! Isn’t it fun to know decorating secrets?
Mesmerize:♥️
I used white feather boas for garland on my Christmas tree. I bought and repainted several Christmas ornaments. I found green, rubbery twist tie material for holding up my tomatoes that I thinks will work great for a number of things. I buy Easter eggs there because we have an adult Easter egg hunt and I believe the Easter bunny takes a bunch home every year. I buy small gifts like candles for the egg hunt and our Family Farm event every year. I bought a complete set of white china dishes for 12, bowls, dinner plates, salad plates etc, for my son. He has preschoolers and I bought extra because of accidents. Funny thing is that now they have a complete set the kids are “super duper” careful. I could spend hours in there.
Author
Girl, these are amazing! Good for you, I love your creativity!
Best post EVER!
I bought decals to stick on my bathroom window that look like dandelions gone to seed. Matches my shower curtain.
Cards, wrapping paper, gift bags, bags big enough for a wagon! I also like their seasonal solar lights. I put a half dozen in a small crock sitting on my front porch. Seasonal coffee mugs. I got some this year with beautiful fall leaves.
Author
Such a great list, thank you so much, Ann. I love em!14 Cuban Doctors End Tour of Duty in The Gambia
Dec 5, 2008, 5:59 AM
A postmortem carried out on the corpse of Rohey Mbaye, a three-year-old girl, has revealed that the neck of the deceased was fracture at the level 4 and 5 of the cervical vertebrate. As a result, the respiratory system of the late Rohey Mbaye consequently failed to pass air to her lungs, thus causing the deceased to suffocate and die.
This was revealed by Dr Abdoulie Ceesay, a medical practitioner attached to the Accident and Emergency Unit of the RVTH, when he testified before Justice Richards of the Special Criminal Court in the murder trial of one Isatou Foon.
According to Dr Ceesay, apart from the fractures in the cervical vertebrate of the deceased, her diaphragm failed to contract when her nerves paralyzed resulting in no contraction of the deceased?s diaphragm.
Dr. Ceesay further testified that it was sometime last year when he conducted a postmortem on the corpse of the deceased, and wrote a report to that effect.
Responding to questions by lawyer Pap Cheyassin Secka the defence counsel, Dr. Ceesay said that any strong outside force on the neck can cause a fracture.
He added that it is possible for a child to fall from her mother in heavy waves, and sustain a neck fracture.
Also testifying was one Mustapha Sowe, a police officer attached to the Major Crime Unit in Banjul, who also informed the court that he recorded the cautionary and voluntary statement of the accused person.Delta variant now dominant in US, makes up over half of Covid-19 cases: CDC
The highly transmissible Delta variant of Covid-19 has become the dominant strain in the United States as it is rapidly spreading among unvaccinated individuals, according to new data released by US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The Biden administration has been counting on high vaccination coverage to restore normalcy by relaxing federal guidelines on coronavirus-induced restrictions but the spread of the Delta variant has caused concern to the authorities.
The new Covid-19 cases related to Delta variant accounts for more than 51% of Covid-19 infections in the country, as per the CDC. The ‘variant of concern’ B.1.617.2 was first detected in India and now accounts for more than 80% of new infections in several US states, including Missouri, Kansas and Iowa. In western US states like Utah and Colorado, the Delta variant is causing 74.3% of infections.
The United States has been administering mRNA vaccines developed by Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna to reach the so-called herd immunity but vaccine hesitancy has emerged as a major roadblock in achieving the goal. Top US infectious disease expert Dr Anthony Fauci warned that the Delta variant poses a "significant threat" to unvaccinated people, saying the variant was not only more transmissible, but it can also cause more severe disease.
"If ever there was a reason to get vaccinated, this is it," Dr Anthony Fauci told CNN on Tuesday.
Texas A&M University virologist Benjamin Neuman said mRNA vaccines appear to provide protection against the Delta variant but a large number of unvaccinated individuals in the state remain a concern. The low percentage of vaccination coverage in Texas has made it difficult for experts to predict the threat of the Delta variant.
“It really depends on what's out there, and at the moment we’re not sure. At best you might be able to get away with it, at worst it could be really bad. I think we just don’t know,” Neuman said.This slideshow requires JavaScript.
York Curiouser 2014 commissioned artist Matt Hawthorne and his artwork Everything There is To Be Known was performed on the River Foss and during a walk with the River Foss Society along the banks of the River Foss. Royal blue balloons were released into the environment and once their ice block moorings melted away floated up into the sky with umbrella shaped balsam wood cutouts. The umbrellas were impressed with stories, which explored people’s interactions with the landscape, see York Curiouser.City of White Rock crews were at the waterfront Monday to collect garbage after last week’s devastating storm.
A section of the city’s iconic pier was destroyed as heavy winds and waves knocked moored boats loose, which eventually battered and destroyed the mid-section of the pier.
It’s estimated that just eight of approximately 30 boats that were moored at the dock survived.
Sections of West and East Beach remain littered with debris.
Monday, city crews were using a utility vehicle to collect garbage strewn about.@potterybarnkidscanada
Show us how you styled this item!
Sherpa Puppy Plush Nursery Rocker
- Overview
Soft to sit on, yet sturdy enough to last, the Sherpa Puppy Plush Rocker will be a nursery staple for years to come.
DETAILS THAT MATTER
- Fabric is made from supersoft polyester sherpa.
- Firmly stuffed with polyester fibres.
- Wood handles make steady grips.
- Runners are crafted of solid wood.
KEY PRODUCT POINTS
- Pottery Barn Kids exclusive.
- Recommended for Ages 1-5 years.
- Spot clean.
- Imported.
PERSONALIZATION DETAILS
- Personalization is available, up to 9 characters, for an additional cost.
- Personalization will be centreed
- Weight Capacity: 40 pounds
CARE
- Spot clean with soft, damp cloth.
- Blot to remove excess water.
- Air dry.
- Dust base.After a long period of domination Damien Queeley opened the scoring for Moss on 25 minutes.
But Mitchell Shackleton were back on terms with a penalty but Javin McKenzie, also from the spot, and Paul Alcock scored in the second half.
M and S came reduced the arrears before Aaron Rouse made the tie secure.
Division two leaders Beechfield United failed to take advantage of Moss Ams cup involvement as they were beaten 3-0 at Hollingworth.
Bedians' long unbeaten run in division one continued as their defence again stood firm in a gritty 0-0 deadlock at Old Ashtonians.
Kevin Foran was again a rock between the sticks with Stuart Bargery in fine form at centre-back.
The division A match-of-the-day saw leaders Bedians extend their advantage to four points as they came out on top by 3-1 over Old Stoconians.
On the mark for Bedians were Geoff Bramwell, Bobby Brown and an unfortunate own goal from a Stocs defender.
Bedians A won their top-of-the-table Division D clash with leaders Old Ashtonians and a 4-1 margin of victory was enough to see them leapfrog to the top of the table.
Youngster Alec Porter was again outstanding for Bedians and also netted twice with another brace from Dave Ryan seeing Bedians home with something to spare.
Romiley moved out of the bottom two in division with a 2-0 win over a makeshift South Manchester.
South were unlucky to see a goal from Dave Baker disallowed after Michael Oliver had given them a first-half lead.
South seconds dominated their game with Heywood Town and should have won by many more than the final 2-0 margin of victory.
Alistair Gray was the two-goal hero for South while keeper Richard Naylor pulled off a super save to keep a clean sheet.
West Didsbury chalked up their first win of 2002 in division two as they came back from 2-1 down at the break to win by the odd goal in five.
Luke Morley gave West the lead on 15 minutes only for sloppy defending to allow Brook two goals.
John Cooper got West back on terms, with the winner coming on 80 minutes from Bouchai Oubadi .
West seconds were not at the races as they went down 2-0 to Hooley Bridge Celtic but the A team were unlucky as they lost a close contest 3-2 at Old Standians.
Old Chorltonians slim promotion hopes were hit as they lost 2-0 at Romiley despite a great game from Kevin Lee.
Chorlts seconds suffered a second successive loss in their division B championship quest, losing out 3-2 to Mellor with the Chorlts consolations coming from Darren O'Connell and Mark Quinn.
Chorlts A moved to the top of division E with a 2-1 success over Old Stoconians with Sean Connaughton and Mark Paolo providing the firepower.
Chorlts B were up against it with the needless sending off of Colin Glendon and crashed to a 4-0 defeat by Old Trafford seconds.
Gatley kept their promotion hopes alive with a 2-1 win over Burnage HSOB, Billy Brannan scoring for the home side.
Burnage seconds went down by the odd goal in five at Oldham Albion with strikes from Gary Tyler and Paul Robinson not enough to rescue a point.
Their A-side could only manage a Paul Walker spot kick consolation as they went down 6-1 to Irlam Steel.
Burnage are looking for players to strengthen their three teams. Contact Mal Maginn (07831 852346) or Russell Hoyte (077962 98588).Professional networking giant, LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE:LNKD), soared to record highs as Wall Street remained buoyed by the company’s stellar fourth quarter earnings although they came with a below-consensus outlook. During an interview on CNBC’s LinkedIn Asia Pacific and Japan MD, Hari Krishnan, attributed the stellar results to the company’s focus on international markets that continues to provide more synergies for growth.
It was an impressive quarter for LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE:LNKD) seen by the addition of 3,000 new customers to the hiring business in the quarter as the company seeks to achieve more gains on its active user’s front. Asia remains a key market for the giant networking company according to Krishnan, which should provide more synergies for growth going forward.
“Our focus has been on growing our business globally we are a global professional network and when we think about our business and our customer base, it has also been global for many years. In Asia specifically in Q4 we had over $54 million dollars’ worth of revenue growing about 57% year on year,” said Mr. Krishnan.
LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE:LNKD)’s revenues for the quarter came in at $643 million against analyst estimates of $617 million as the company continues to remain dominant on the social networking front for professionals. The company ended the fourth quarter with 347 million members 15 million more than the previous quarter with the biggest headline being mobile usage accounting for 49% of unique visitors.
Monetization of the unique visitors remains key if LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE:LNKD) is to continue toppling earnings estimates going forward.
“When it comes to monetization I mentioned multiple revenue streams and today our premium job postings are available on the mobile platform. We have an app for pulse, which is content consumption and so for marketing solutions as well. […] Premium subscriptions can also avail a premium experience on a mobile platform. So we actually monetize our mobile platform,” said Mr. Krishnan.
Product improvement is a key front that LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE:LNKD) will have to work on going forward, if it’s to continue enjoying the huge user base that has been at its disposal over the years. The fact that one cannot opt out of the premium subscription service is one of the fronts that the company will have to work on especially on the growing users concerns.<<Right to Buy homes to be bought back by Hackney Council
Hackney Council has bought back 25 Right to Buy homes as part of its commitment to tackle the housing crisis. - Credit: Hackney Council
Plans to buy back lost Right to Buy council homes and tackle Hackney's housing shortage have been given the green light.
Ten million pounds in investment was approved by the council's cabinet on January 25 for use on 25 former council homes.
The newly aquired properties will then be made available to families on Hackney's housing waiting list.
Deputy Mayor Cllr Rebecca Rennison, cabinet member for finance, housing needs and supply, said: “While only a fraction of the thousands of properties we have been forced to sell due to the government’s dysfunctional Right to Buy policy, these are council homes that were built to provide a safe, secure and genuinely affordable place to live for local families who need them most, and I’m delighted to be bringing them back for this purpose."
According to the council, Hackney faces a housing crisis with more than 13,000 households waiting for a council home.
More than 3,000 of those families are living in bed and breakfasts, hostels and other unsuitable temporary accommodation.
Right to Buy was a government scheme introduced in 1980 giving council tenants the chance to purchase their homes with a discount.
The council says an average of 50 of the borough's council homes are sold each year at discounts of up to £112,300.
Income acquired from homes sold under the scheme helps to fund the creation of hundreds of new council homes through the local authority's not-for-profit housebuilding programme.
It also goes towards grants to housing associations delivering additional social housing through the mayor of Hackney’s housing challenge programme.
However, Hackney Council says "arbitrary government restrictions" on how it can spend Right to Buy receipts means, along with a lack of government funding, that its ability to replace lost homes or meet growing need is limited.
Councils can only use money acquired from Right to Buy to pay 30 per cent of a replacement home and must spend it within three years of a sale.
Cllr Rennison added: "It’s a tragedy that we’re paying what may be many times more than what we were forced to sell [the properties] for, and we’ll continue to make the case for reform of a policy which fails to give councils the funding and flexibility they need to replace lost social housing which has contributed towards the huge housing shortage we have today.
“In the meantime, we’ll keep doing what we can to support local families here and now – whether it’s buying back former homes like these or delivering the hundreds of new council homes that Hackney is building."
The 25 homes have been bought as a bulk purchase from the registered provider Local Space, which will use funds from the purchase to buy additional affordable homes for homeless families in temporary accommodation.
However, the government says Right to Buy has helped nearly two million council tenants "realise their dream of home ownership".
It said it has consulted on options for providing greater flexibility around Right to Buy receipts to help councils build faster and will publish a response "in due course".
A Ministry of House, Communities and Local Government spokesperson said: “We are investing over £12 billion in affordable housing over five years, the largest investment in affordable housing in a decade.
"This includes the new £11.5 billion Affordable Homes Programme, which will provide up to 180,000 new homes across the country, should economic conditions allow."
They said since 2010 the government has built more than 517,000 affordable homes - 148,000 of which are for social rent. This includes 4,935 affordable homes in Hackney, of which 2,624 are social rented in the borough.
The government says half of all homes delivered in its programme will be affordable and for social rent.
There has been over 127,000 Right to Buy sales since 2010 and 791 in Hackney over the last decade.Activist investor Carl Icahn has stepped up his campaign against Dell Technologies’ plan to go public by buying back its tracking stock ahead of a Dec. 11 shareholder vote on the deal.
Under the plan announced in July, Dell would exchange each share of the Class V stock that tracks its VMware subsidiary’s performance for 1.3665 shares of its Class C common stock, or $109 per share in cash.
Icahn, who holds a 9.3% stake in the tracking stock, believes the offer undervalues VMware. In a lawsuit filed Thursday, he asked a Delaware judge to compel Dell to allow him to inspect its books and records, saying the company has refused to disclose “much basic information” about the deal.
“DVMT stockholders should not have to rely exclusively on a narrative provided by the company and its controlling shareholders,” he said in a statement.
The investor also slammed the deal as “a conflicted transaction that benefits the controlling shareholders at the expense of the DVMT shareholders” and said Dell was trying to scare Class V shareholders into approving the buyout by saying it would consider a traditional initial public offering for its Class C shares.
“We believe this is a threat blatantly deployed in an attempt to coerce DVMT stockholders to vote in favor of the merger, or else risk the unknown consequences of the forced IPO conversion,” Icahn said.
Dell has said its VMware offer represents a 29% premium to the tracking stock’s value prior to the July announcement and “is fair and in the best interests of DVMT shareholders.”
But Icahn claims the stock is really worth $144 a share and he has been joined in his opposition by P. Schoenfeld Asset Management, which advises clients with more than $150 million in stock at stake and sent Dell’s board a letter opposing the plan.
“It is clear to me that Dell and Silver Lake [which took Dell private in 2013] have followed Machiavelli’s advice to the letter: It is better to be respected than loved, but better still to be feared than respected,” Icahn said recently in a regulatory filing.Avengers Campus: Heroic Menu Pairings at Pym Test Kitchen and Pym Tasting Lab
Shrinking problems and growing solutions!
All heroes need to eat, and when it’s time to chow down on something, you know where to go: Pym Test Kitchen and Pym Tasting Lab. The location is “shrinking problems and growing solutions,” and that has transferred over to food, too. Here, Ant-Man and The Wasp are taking cuisine to the next level in big and small ways leading to delicious results.
It also wouldn’t be Pym without Pym Particles! Using these particles, the duo has applied this innovative science to food creation — everyday foods take on a hero-sized presence, with red particles shrinking the foods, and blue particles growing them to sometimes double the size!
With a wide variety on the menu, if you’re hungry and don’t know where to start, we’ve got you covered. With so many different combinations to choose from, between both the Pym Test Kitchen and Pym Tasting Lab, here are some perfect pairings to get you started.
Pym-ini Sandwich / Pingo Doce
Considering it’s got “Pym” right in the name, you know the Pym-ini has to be good. A twist on the classic sandwich includes salami, rosemary ham, provolone, and sun-dried tomato spread on branded Pym toasted focaccia. And what batter to pair with an ice-cold glass of Pingo Doce, available only at the Test Kitchen!
Not So Little Chicken Sandwich / X-Periment
If you’re in the mood for a BIG bite, the Not So Little Chicken Sandwich is your best bet. True to its name, it’s not so little piece of fried chicken breast drizzled with Teriyaki and red chili sauces, and pickled cabbage slaw on top. And considering this oversized chicken sandwich is an experiment gone right, grab the appropriately tiled X-Periment, featuring Patrón Silver Tequila, mango and habanero syrups, and mango flavor-filled boba.
PB3 Superb Sandwich / Proton PB&J Punch
Is there such a thing as too much peanut butter and jelly? Not according to Scott Lang. For an overload of the classic after school snack, pair the PB3 — which is served warm with banana and candied bacon — with the Proton PB&J Punch that has hints of peanut butter and strawberry flavors, along with peanut butter-infused whipped cream.
Caesar Salad and Colossal Crouton / Honey Buzz
Yes, that really is a giant crouton. And to go with it, a giant heart of romaine! Additionally, the salad comes with olives, pickled onions, caesar dressing, and parmesan crisps. For a crisp light drink, pick up the Honey Buzz to go with it, which features Plymouth Gin, lemon juice, and honey syrup along with a honey straw.
Impossible™ Spoonful / Particle Fizz
Have you ever seen a giant spoon, and a giant meatball to go with it — and big and small rigatoni and ditalini? Well, now you have with the Impossible™ Spoonful, which features plant-based meatballs, tomato sauce, dairy-free parmesan and topped with micro basil. The particle fizz is the perfect thing to wash it all down with, mixing together Endless Summer Hard Seltzer - POG (passion fruit, orange, and guava) with cherry flavor-filled boba.
Quantum Pretzel / Molecular Meltdown
Clocking in at 453.8 grams, the Quantum Pretzel is big enough to share...or keep just to yourself. The Bavarian-style pretzel comes with a side of sharp cheddar cheese-beer sauce (and if you’re scared you’ll run out, you can buy additional sides, too!). If you’ve saved room, pick up the Molecular Meltdown stout for an additional sweet treat, which comes topped with vanilla ice cream and mini marshmallows.
Atomic Fusion Pretzel / Honey Fusion
Who says a pretzel can’t be a full meal? It can be loaded with buffalo-style chicken, hot sauce, ranch dressing, blue cheese crumbles, celery, and dill-pickled carrots. If it’s too much spice (as if there is such a thing), grab the Honey Fusion which is a beer cocktail with Plymouth Gin and a honey straw.
The Hype Box
Can’t-miss news and updates from across the Marvel Universe!Categories
Archives
Syndication
In Episode 84, Tucker takes you out in the field this week to take a look at our Driving For Dollars App. Long gone are the days of writing down home addresses on a piece of paper while you in no time. Stay tuned for our official release of this groundbreaking app! We hope you enjoy this episode and please leave us feedback and reviews!.
13 Comments
1
Can't wait for this movie, I could care less what everyone says about it online, I know exactly what I'm expecting from it going into it and I know that I won't be let down, love Tolkien, and although it'll never happen I'd one day love to see the Silmarillion come to the big screen, now that would be truely epic, not that the Hobbit won't be epic or anything. Way to go Peter Jackson.
Jeremy p. on Dec 6, 2012
2
i'm with you jeremy!
beevis on Dec 6, 2012
3
Me too man, my primary school teacher read us 8-9 year old kids the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings back to back over 2 years every day at the end of class. It was magical for us. Watching the features for the Hobbit are like magic too, so much work has been put in, by such a giant team. really good to see Serkis get some shine too with his involvement in the development of mo-cap and directing too. Can't wait now!
4
thanks ethan - great watch! we get to see more of middle earth than ever before?.....woo hoo! everything in this featurette has just pushed me over the "excitement edge".....gonna be a long wait till next week. i'll be there opening night.......a 24FPS opening night.
beevis on Dec 6, 2012
5
I think I may just cry a little when I see this for the 1st time..
bat0u on Dec 6, 2012
6
I just saw it last night and the minute you see Frodo your going to become overjoyed with emotion.
Matt Peloquin on Dec 17, 2012
7
Can I just say, Cate Blanchett looks amazing.
Jace LeRoy on Dec 6, 2012
8
as always.
beevis on Dec 6, 2012
9
Wow... I couldn't stop myself from watching, I am weak. But such amazing imagery.
HyperJ on Dec 6, 2012
10
...why can't I watch the video?... the youtubez says "the video is private" ...
O & A on Dec 6, 2012
11
No doubt there are critics already lining up with their knives out to butcher The Hobbit for no other reason then to slash Jackson for turning it into three movies. But this is for the LOTR's fans and not the critics, so I say to the critics "Suck it up buttercups!"
Hattori Hanzo on Dec 6, 2012
12
removed!
Nick Sears on Dec 6, 2012
13
I think it's this one:
David Banner on Dec 6, 2012
Sorry, new comments are no longer allowed.
POPULAR COMMENTS
LAST YEAR'S TOP 10
Follow Alex's main profile on
Add our updates to your Feedly: click hereRenting is an attractive option for those who either cannot afford to buy, or find owning a home a commitment they presently cannot handle. As of the time of this publication, 35 percent of Americans are renters. As for women, 30 percent of single women in America rent homes, as opposed to the 54 percent who own a home and 10 percent who live with friends or family rent free, CBS Money Watch said. If you are a renter, or you are thinking about renting an apartment, condo or townhouse, it is a good idea not only to find the place that best fits your needs, but also to find the best time of year to move into your rental place.
Finding Your Ideal Place
Everyone has different individual preferences, especially when it comes to what a great rental apartment, condo or townhouse looks like. Some people want to be close to nightlife, while others are looking for good schools or a more family-friendly atmosphere. The amount of time you plan on living in your rental property largely impacts your renting decisions as well. A few years from now, your career and family situations may change. If you are the type who likes to plan ahead and prepare for such potential change, go ahead and spring for that extra bedroom, just in case you need it. If you are more the "live for the moment type," you may want to find a place that suits your current situation, then you can move later, if needed. Landlords and property managers have an impact on how enjoyable your renting experience is as well. Maybe you want a landlord that lets you paint the walls and maintain the property yourself? Or are you looking for someone who promptly fixes problems and completes routine inspections? After you get an idea of what you're looking for, you can then decide when to go after it.
Peak Months
The months of May, June, July, August and September are the prime months for renting. During this time of the year, there is warm weather, students graduating from college and obtaining new career positions, and younger school-age children off of school and on summer break. For these reasons, this is the time of year when most Americans move. Therefore, you'll notice a high degree of turnover among rental property units, as well as a larger selection of properties from which to choose. Along with this variety in selection may come higher costs. Principles of supply and demand dictate that higher pricing is a result of this peak time.
Slower Months
During the remaining months, October through April, fewer Americans are moving into rental properties. You'll notice many apartment complex vacancies, condo vacancies and townhouses already filled with renters during the peak months, so you may not see as much variety during this time span. On the other hand, a landlord may be inclined to charge a lower price for a rental unit during this time so that she may fill up a vacancy, Rent.com says.
Your Pocketbook
As of the time of this publication, more than half of Americans spend at least 30 percent of their incomes on a monthly rent payment, website Next City said. Of those renters, a great deal of them spend more than 50 percent of their income on monthly rent. This is termed a "severe rent burden," and during a recent 10-year period, the number of Americans experiencing a severe rent burden rose from 20 to 27 percent, Next City reports. Considering many people choose to rent for cost-associated reasons, the statistics are all the more relevant.
If cost is your primary concern in determining when to move into your rental home, the off-peak months of October through April are an ideal time period for you to move. However, if cost is not a primary concern for you and you are looking for a property that is "just right," the peak months may serve you.Agricultural Waste And Sawdust Make Forming Briquette ..
agricultural waste and sawdust make forming briquette machine In south africa. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing equipment, milling equipment,dressing equipment,drying equipment and briquette equipment etc. we offer advanced, rational solutions for any size-reduction requirements, including quarry, aggregate, grinding production and complete plant plan. efficiency.
south africa sawdust, south africa sawdust manufacturers. alibaba.com offers awdustproducts. about 66% of these are charcoal, 13% are wood pellets, and are other energy related products. wide variety ofsawdustoptions are available to you,.: high quality..
jun 08, 2017 our sawdust briquette making agico is one of the top manufacturers of briquette machines, wood shaving hydraulic press, best briquette maker machine for sale: brazil, pressed sawdust products, from the marakele national park gate an from the welgevonden south gate and kololo lodge. the route to the gate is a scenic journey passed. busch vacuum south africa ltd. mimetes road denver, johannesburg
tangible benefits new bentonite sawdust dryer in guinea africa,kankanguinea africahigh quality small silicatedryermachine sell
btf-2000 egg tray making machine for south africa clients. the type south africa clients bought is btf-. It can produce 2000 pieces of egg trays per hour. In addition, they also purchased an integrated pulping system and an automated drying line. here are more parameters of small egg tray machines.
south africa pipeline sawdust drying machine for sale find complete details about south africa pipeline sawdust drying machine for sale,pipeline sawdust drying machine,pipeline sawdust drying machine for sale,pipeline sawdust drying machine south africa from drum drying equipment supplier or manufacturer-gongyi dongxing material trade Co ltd.abia, south africa, indonesia, philippines, chile, canada, etc.
alibaba.com offers 3,864 drying machine for sawdust biomass products. about 51% of these are rotary drying equipment, 16% are drum drying equipment, and are flash drying equipment. wide variety of drying machine for sawdust biomass options are available to you, such as drying oven, dry cabinet, and hot air furnace.
rotary sawdust dryer machine In south africa. biomass rotary drum wood pellet dryer equipment ,briquettes plant in south africa, best briquetting,charcoal making machine in south africa ,china high capacity wood chips sawdust rotary,dryer machine drying system for sawdust wood,fine sand dryer machine buy in south africa,fine sawdust rotary dryer for sale in nigeria,industrial rotary drum dryer
made in south africa sawdust directory offering wholesale south african sawdust from south africa sawdust manufacturers, suppliers and distributors at tradekey.com
rotary wood sawdust dryer In south.
find sawdust in south africa! view gumtree free online classified ads for sawdust and more in south africa. declutter and cash In you could win a share of in prizes for every ad posted. dewalt portable stainless steel wet dry vacuum cleaner ON
As well as from medicine processing, chemicals processing, and food processing. and whether drying machine for sawdust is year, years, or years. there are 2,283 drying machine for sawdust suppliers, mainly located in asia. the top supplying country or region is china, which supply 100% of drying machine for sawdust respectively..
wood sawdust rotary dryer machinery In south africa.
made in south africa sawdust directory offering wholesale south african sawdust from south africa sawdust manufacturers, suppliers and distributors at tradekey.com
alibaba.com offers 2,519 sawdust dryer machine manufacturer products. about of these are tray dryer, are drum drying equipment, and are vacuum drying equipment. wide variety of sawdust dryer machine manufacturer options are available to you, such as local service location, key selling points, and applicable industries.
wood sawdust block making machine In nigeria,block making machine suppliers In south africa find complete details about wood sawdust block making machine In nigeria,block making machine suppliers In south africa,block making machine In nigeria,block making machine suppliers In south africa,wood sawdust block making machine from brick making machinery supplier or manufacturer
As a leading expert in manufacturing food drying machines, and own excellent quality management team, professional research team and skilled production workers to ensure consistent product quality, we always strive for improvement and aim to provide the best machines and service to our customers.
We are manufacturing and exporting an range of products like biomass drying machine, fruit & vegetable dryer machine, herbs & spices dryer machine, animal feed dryers. these dryers are widely acclaimed among such as durability, low maintenance, sturdy construction, and quality approved.
medium calcium carbonate sawdust dryer in.
sawdust rotary dryer rental In south africa.Brian
Words into picture: handout
Updated: Apr 30, 2019
For those of you who attended our panel at AWP19, but were unable to pick up a handout, you can find it on the Handouts page of this site. Enjoy!
Wow, what a great turnout! Standing room only! And the panel, judging from the crowds of well-wishers afterward, was a huge success. A lot of work, but well worth it. Great to see my old friends Ayn and Sam again. And Cheryl was a fantastic moderator. Can't wait to do it again!Global Initiative is a leading digital agency holding multiple national awards in software development, user experience and web design.
We've built a broad base of experience in our 20 years of growth, working in sectors as diverse as digital health, fintech, education, and social enterprise. We've also been trying to make the world a better place, which is why we set up our own Social Digital Fund to funnel value back into society.
We practice evidence-based design using an Agile project management style employing Scrum and Lean methodologies.
What does this mean? It means less waste and more value.
Imagine a team which doesn't have endless meetings, where building customer value into work is a culture, not an afterthought. Picture a project where experts across the board work intimately with clients to achieve a goal, fluidly incorporating new ideas as they do so. Imagine this, but where it doesn't cost you the earth.
This is lean.
We have a strong and flexible team of developers and a rich history of solving commercial challenges for our clients which means we both understand the issues businesses face on a daily basis and love the unique stimulation of developing ideas and solving problems.
We are particularly keen on working with organisations who are both entrepreneurial and who have a vision to make positive changes to social, environmental, educational or medical infrastructure, much like some of these clients we have been proud to work with.Job Role: Support Worker
Salary: £7.83 per hour
Location: Worksop
Closing Date: 15-Mar-2019
Job Type: Full Time, Part Time hours
Eden Futures have an exciting opportunity for a caring and enthusiastic individual to join our supported living service as a Support Worker. We can offer a full time or part time
About the Role
As a Support Worker you will support and enable people to live the life they choose: to make their own choices and to live as independently as possible in their own home and local community. You will be assisting 8 service users with all aspects of daily living including: personal care, administering medication, shopping and social activities.
About you
Experience is valued though prior experience in care isn’t essential as we recruit based on values and have a comprehensive training and induction programme. We are looking for you to be able to demonstrate transferable skills that will make you a fantastic Support Worker.
Flexibility is needed as the service is supported 24/7 and you will have a mixture of days and nights on your monthly rota, given 4 weeks in advance.
Eden Futures deliver exceptional support services for people with learning or physical disabilities, autism, mental ill health and associated complex needs.
Working as a Support Worker at Eden is highly rewarding; you are improving life’s on a daily basis and working in a close knit team.
We offer you:
- Competitive rates of pay
- Workplace pension scheme
- Westfield Health Scheme
- Lifeworks (considerable savings on restaurants, shopping in-store and online
- Comprehensive paid training and development support with the opportunity to gain a recognised vocational qualification
- Free DBS Check
- Paid annual leave based upon the hours you work, including overtime.Skip Loader & IntacovaClick here for printable PDF Product Information Click here for PDF S1001-ML-565 Maintenance Manuel Click here for PDF PR18 Operation & Maintenance Manual Click here for PDF PR12 Operation & Maintenance Manual
Boughton’s Power-Reach skip loader range, introduced in 2013, marked the first comprehensive ground-up design review and whole of concept development programme of the type for a generation. Boughton also undertook an exhaustive research and development programme, which included wide consultation with industry and operators. As a result, Power-Reach offers improved functionality, serviceability and safety features, with greater productivity and operational reliability.
The Boughton Intacova, a fully integrated, patented and within width auto-sheeting system, is the option of choice for most Power-Reach applications. Both Power-Reach and Intacova have quickly gained popularity and following amongst operators, large and small and continue to gain market share.
The flagship Power-Reach PR18 variant, designed for operation at 18,000kg GVW spearheaded the new range, with a PR12 model, for operation at 12,000kg GVW, now also available and other variants to follow.
Key Skip Loader features include:
- Independent telescopic lift arms
- Fully re-designed hydraulic system, incorporating simple, positive multi-lever hydraulic controls and including “hold to run” and fast off load for empty skips
- Pneumatically operated tip hooks, powered up and down
- Independent telescopic stabiliser legs with the option of pad or roller feet
- Multi position, asymmetric front and side skip stops
- Heavy duty cab guard
- Easy access panels for hydraulic tank and main hydraulic valve chest.
- Front and rear access grab handles
- Rear grab handles also provide sheeter rear locating points
- Inboard and outboard hydraulic cylinder protection
- Heavy duty “walk-on” hydraulic cylinder guards
- Heavy duty removable rear light guards and rear access steps
Key Intacova features include:
- Option to incorporate sheeting system within a new build
- Load and sheet within UK C&U maximum vehicle width regulations
- Main pivot integrally mounted within side frame
- Double pivoting main arm assembly incorporating four hydraulic cylinders
- Arm mounted, torsion sprung top roller assembly, with nylon guidance rollers
- Pleated container sheet for maximum container coverage
- Main arm locating points front and rear to ensure rigid arm stability in transit
- Arm guidance deflectors at top of telescopic lift arms
- Two lever proportional control system mounted adjacent to and incorporated within main Power-Reach operating station
- Bolt on/off facility, including the cab guard mounted roller stowage tray.Antony Schwartz, Ph.D., SM (NRCM), CBSP (ABSA), Biosafety Officer, Responsible Official and Director, Biological Safety Division, Duke University.
Antony Schwartz, Ph.D., SM (NRCM), CBSP (ABSA), Biosafety Officer, Responsible Official and Director, Biological Safety Division, Duke University.
Interview with Antony Schwartz, Ph.D., SM (NRCM), CBSP (ABSA), Biosafety Officer, Responsible Official and Director, Biological Safety Division, Duke University
The “Career Pathways—Explore the Possibilities” series highlights different professions pursued by scientists like you. This interview focuses on a biosafety officer, someone who helps to prevent personal, community, and environmental exposure to potentially infectious agents or biohazards. Dr. Antony Schwartz, Ph.D., was part of the National Biosafety and Biocontainment Training Program (NBBTP), which is now known as the NIH NBBTP/IRTA Fellowship. Read this interview with Dr. Schwartz to learn more about his journey to becoming a biosafety officer.
What is your current role at Duke University?
I work as the biosafety officer for Duke University and Duke University Health System. I’m also the director for the Biological Safety Division and assistant director for the Occupational and Environmental Safety Office at Duke. Additionally, I serve as the responsible official for the Duke Select Agent Program and as the institutional contact for Dual Use Research of Concern. Since 2019, I have held an appointment as an adjunct assistant professor in the Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Duke School of Medicine. In these roles, I have oversight of programs that have been implemented to protect Duke personnel from biological hazards in the workplace.
What is your favorite aspect of this role?
What I love about the field of biosafety in general is that every day is different. We encounter interesting cutting-edge research projects, unique risk assessment problems and emerging pathogens that require us to be very dynamic in our thinking and innovative in our response to mitigating these biological hazards. Whether it’s working with recombinant nucleic acids or select agents and toxins or clinical biosafety issues, the range of puzzles I get to solve is the best part of this job. In doing so, I get to collaborate with a diverse group of passionate people from whom I learn so much. I also like the fact that my role directly or indirectly plays a part in advancing science, finding cures, treating patients successfully, and above all, in getting our personnel home safely at the end of the day.
Describe the transition from being a fellow in the NBBTP at NIH to working in your current role?
Immediately after completing the NBBTP Fellowship, I worked as a contractor for the NIH as a safety and health specialist in the Biorisk Management Branch of the Division of Occupational Health and Safety (DOHS). In this role, I performed various duties but mainly focused on assisting with the operations of the NIH Select Agent Program, reviewing IBC registrations, and assisting with running the National BSL4 Training Center’s BSL4 laboratories and training program. Subsequently, I became a federal employee at NIH where I worked as the responsible official (RO) for the NIH Select Agent Program and solely focused on my RO duties. During this time, I managed a registration of laboratorians, animal care workers, and security and maintenance personnel to ensure federal regulatory compliance. It involved enrolling personnel into the program with proper background checks and biosurety clearances, maintaining inventory of high consequence pathogens, ensuring adequate functioning of our facilities, and preparing for and facilitating federal inspections, among other tasks. These experiences gave me the skills necessary for my current position as the director of biological safety at Duke University.
How did your fellowship as part of NBBTP prepare you for your current role?
There are no other opportunities like the NBBTP Fellowship out there. It is a great program that really immerses you into the world of biosafety, biosecurity, biocontainment, and laboratory safety. In the two years I spent as a fellow, I conducted laboratory audits, performed injury investigations, reviewed research protocols and standard operating procedures, and worked on various complex projects that required thorough risk assessment and technical skills to put mitigation measures in place to protect NIH employees. The fellowship provided that hands-on experience necessary to gain the confidence needed to perform these functions elsewhere. The beauty of working at NIH and within DOHS is that we get to see different aspects of a safety program and not just biosafety. We were able to shadow and learn from experts in industrial hygiene, food safety, community health, etc. Our training and experiential learning helped us go beyond biosafety and become a well-rounded safety professional, which has helped me in my current position.
What was your favorite part about being an NBBTP fellow and working at NIH?
It is really hard to pick a favorite part about being a NBBTP Fellow because it was just a great experience all around. I enjoyed travelling to various locations for training, conferences and developmental assignments and really cherished the valuable relationships built with mentors at DOHS and other NIH employees with whom I’m still in touch with. I really loved the fact that I was part of a fellowship program that let me explore various intersections of science and safety with hands-on projects, practical on-the-job training, and real-world experience as biosafety professionals. I’m very thankful to Deborah E. Wilson, DrPH, SM (NRCM), CBSP, RADM, U.S. Public Health Service (Ret.) (former director of DOHS and NBBTP Fellowship) and the NIH and NIAID leadership for having the vision to proactively set up a world-class program like the NBBTP Fellowship and for their continued support of the program.
Do you have any advice for current NIAID fellows who are interested in the field of biosafety?
Biosafety is a good field for anyone who is interested in being involved with scientific advancements but who doesn’t want to be at the bench doing hands-on research. As a biosafety professional, you will do risk assessments on emerging technologies and diseases as the science progresses almost daily. This way you will not feel removed from the science that originally ignited your passion for a career in the sciences. However, the variety of situations you encounter and problems you get to solve is what makes biosafety unique. You will also be able to see immediately the results of your actions, which is different from most bench work. Being a biosafety professional doesn’t mean you won’t get to do research projects. In fact, applied biosafety research needs more scientists to get involved and publish more evidence to support safe practices and procedures! Also, once you’re in biosafety, you’ll find other areas of interest in biosecurity, biocontainment, policy, communications, etc. So if you are someone who is curious, proactive and passionate about using your scientific knowledge to make a difference in people’s lives, biosafety is the field for you. Go for it!
Is it okay if current NIAID fellows contact you with questions?
Most definitely, I’m happy to answer questions and share my knowledge about the NBBTP Fellowship and the field of biosafety in general. My email is antony.schwartz@duke.edu.Kwesta – I Came I Saw ft. Rick Ross
South African finest rapper, Kwesta has returned with another eye catchy single tagged “I Came I Saw”
The South African rap artist teamed up with American music superstar, Rick Ross to unleash this sensational single.
RELATED: Kwesta – Run It Up ft. Rich Homie Quan
Finally, the wonderful song was produced by renowned serial hit maker Makwa
Listen and share your thought below:Grace's Guide is the leading source of historical information on industry and manufacturing in Britain. This web publication contains 148,337 pages of information and 233,846 images on early companies, their products and the people who designed and built them.
of 38 Knightrider Street, London, E.C.
Fur skin merchants.
1815 Established by F. E. Blatspiel.Abstract
The evaluation, testing and deployment of a new reconfigurable digital add/drop metro DWDM system in OnFiber’s Metro Core network is described. Through the use of large-scale photonic integrated circuits to perform DWDM multiplexing and 0E0 conversion at every node, this system supports sub-wavelength digital transport, add/drop, multiplexing and fast protection. Deployment of this new technology enabled OnFiber to consolidate its network architecture by supporting transport, switching and protection of Ethernet, SONET and Wavelength services from a common platform, while also shortening service provisioning times, simplifying service planning and engineering, and reducing operational cost and complexity for managing and scaling OnFiber’s Metro Core DWDM network.
© 2006 Optical Society of AmericaPDF Article
More Like This
Ian Redpath, Dana Cooperson, and Ron Kline
NThC1 National Fiber Optic Engineers Conference (NFOEC) 2006
Serge Melle, Rick Dodd, Chris Liou, Drew Perkins, Marco Sosa, and Mark Yin
NTuA1 National Fiber Optic Engineers Conference (NFOEC) 2005
Paul Kloppenburg
JThB99 National Fiber Optic Engineers Conference (NFOEC) 2006The Bloomsbury Group & Friends discussion
Odd & Ends > Life in Squares--2nd viewing
Comments Showing 1-4 of 4 (4 new) post a comment »
Nothing important in English art happened after the 1800s? What did he/she call post-modern art? Degenerate?
Gee, I thought I was the only one whose husband doesn't like some of her interests.
So last night, he looked up all the reviews of the program and found lots of people he agreed with. We don't watch a lot of TV, admittedly, so we're really not aware of which shows have gratuitous sex and/or violence. Mostly we watch Inspector Morse and its spinoffs, Victoria, and the Crown. Watched the first ep of Peaky Blinders the other night and he said it was brutal. Also, we liked Broadchurch and Happy Valley (also quite brutal). And Doctor Who (which bores him).
As for my husband, he calls it "gay porn" with "bad acting." When Vanessa said to Duncan, "I would like to have a child with you," he muttered, "Brilliant idea." I just wanted him to see what Charleston was like, and who these people are that I've been talking about for a year.
Frankly, he has no interest in the group at all, and feels their art was of no importance because it wasn't included in his art history course. His teacher (who sounds like a total snob) made some comment about how nothing important in English art happened after the 1800s.
Harumph.This morning, one of our therapists emailed to support us. New T advised us to endure this experience with patience, to show up, and to fall back on our values
This may be among the most useful advice we ever received. Spouse kept reminding us of it during the funeral today, and it did help us focus.
Showing up is so underrated
Patience is so critical to effectiveness
Values are the bedrock for our decisions. They helped us navigate the final conversation with mom as she was dying and wanted to clear as much of the air as we could—on the spot. We had little time to think, so we spoke from our values, and we do not regret that
We hope this advice might be helpful for others, too
Mom’s casket got lowered into the ground but Dad said the real her is not in there. That helped, too. But the burial must be a ritual to emphasize to the living that Mom is not with us in the same form anymore
The Rabbi said that love is what is left when the body is not. That also feels comforting.
We think we have love in us. It has been complicated by traumatic events. Still, if love can survive death, then it may be very powerful
The love from friends who showed up when they didn’t have to is sustaining as well. Seeing a few safe, familiar faces among the masks soothes us. Showing up is so powerful
Some friends were very attentive and said they loved us and let us cry. This is a gift better than items
3 thoughts on “Advice for challenging times, like the death of a loved one”
❤️❤️❤️❤️
LikeLiked by 1 person
💕💕💕💕
LikeLiked by 1 person
That is great advice. I’m glad you were able to speak from your values. I’ve been trying to connect to my values lately, too. It makes me feel better and more sure of myself.
“But the burial must be a ritual to emphasize to the living that Mom is not with us in the same form anymore. The Rabbi said that love is what is left when the body is not.”
–> I found both of these things comforting, too. Thanks for sharing. It’s good to have a ritual to acknowledge that people have passed from living to dying. It makes it more real and makes it make some sense. I have found funerals very helpful and cathartic.
More hugs ❤
LikeLiked by 1 personRunology
Older than the human are the angles and sound.
I have been studying the Runes for many years, it is a slow deep seeping relationship. To isolate the relationship I have with them, each of them and the growing potential of them, into written or vocalized words is impossible. I have decided to share random thoughts on this website to invoke possibilities for others. It will take some intense time to capture all my past notes, thoughts, experiences and even ideas on their origin, meaning, and truth so I will not try to encapsulate it all but will start, in the months to come, noting here my random thoughts. My opinions change as I learn and grow, careful not to fall into a belief as a belief becomes fixed and that feels in opposition to what the Runes mean to me. Beliefs create stagnancy. It is my current strong opinion that the Runes originate from a place of all potentiality, a dark place of womb. That the angles that create the geometry we live within, the web holding what is structured, is older than any human could fathom.
The crossing of angles are sound and light, and from angles
of sound comes formed creation.2018/10/22· KUKREJA BROTHERS An ISO 9001- 2015 certified company , Our Aluminium Products find applications in various industries and …Inquiry
KUKREJA BROTHERS An ISO 9001- 2015 certified company , Our Aluminium Products find applications in various industries and are widely appreciated for features li KUKREJA BROTHERS An ISO 9001- 2015 certified company ...Inquiry
Introduction Working year since 2000 and major plant established in the year 2010 we GGB Aluminium House are the leading manuacturer, fabricator, dealer, supplier & trader of Aluminum Doors, Windows & Partitions, ACP ...Inquiry
Audio Frequency response: 45Hz–20kHz Maximum SPL: 100dB JBL Cinema SB350 includes two-way, dual driver left and right speaker modules, each with two 55mm 2.25" full range drivers and a 32mm 1.25" dome tweeter.Inquiry
Heading: Jeb Partitions, City: Bangalore, Results: D and M Building Products Pvt Ltd, Involvements: D and M Building Products Pvt Ltd Business Enterprises Ajantha Partition Dealers near me with phone number, reviews andInquiry
No.49, 1st Main, 1st Cross, Petachannappa Industrial Estate, Kamakshipalya, Magadi Main Road, Bangalore Rural District Karnataka India View Details VIEW CONTACT Send Enquiry Dates back in the year, 1997, we, J.M ...Inquiry
Distributors of Alstrong Aluminium Composite Panel Polygal Poly Carbonate Sheets, Dow Corning Call : 94471 - 46469, 0484 - Tran Square, Mavelipuram Colony, Kakkanadu, Kochi - E - mail : [email protected]InquiryRegister now: The Top Five Use Cases & Architectures for Data In Motion in 2022
****Bosch Connected World - Loft 1
10.00am-12.45pm
**
The term of Big Data is often directly related to the Internet of Things - which is just a logical relationship: More devices generate and consume more data.
Companies that are able to react on these data in real-time and that have the infrastructure that can deal with this dramatic increase in data volumes are the ones that will dominate the market in the future. Build as the most scalable and flexible enterprise data streaming platform, based on Apache Kafka®, Confluent Platform is the ideal solution for unlocking the value of IoT data.
Learn more about the business values that data streaming is providing, explained on the example of BOSCH Power Tools, that are using Apache Kafka and Confluent Cloud as their key enabler for IoT data handling.
Afterwards, we will open the discussion for enterprise architects and developers that want to learn more about the role of Apache Kafka in modern data architectures.
Wanna know how this looks like what Kafka is enabling at BOSCH Power Tools? Check out the following video:
Location:
STATION-Berlin
Luckenwalder Str. 4-6
10963 BerlinEuropean commendation for People’s History Museum
The People’s History Museum, Manchester has received a special commendation in the European Museum of the Year Awards 2012, one of only four museums in Europe to receive the accolade, reserved for the most innovative and enterprising museums in Europe. The prize was awarded to the museum “for its excellence and creativity in making quite a complex theme – the history of working people in Britain and the struggle for democracy – accessible and appealing to a wide international audience.
To read more go toOCVarsity has put together a list of the former Orange County high school players who are likely to be found this week on Opening Day rosters (or who might soon be called up to the majors).
The list ranges from established stars, such as Heath Bell (Padres), C.J. Wilson (Rangers) and Phil Hughes (Yankees), to newcomers to the majors, such as Freddie Freeman (Braves) and Mark Trumbo (Angels), pictured, who are hoping to secure full-time sports with their teams.
Keep clicking through the slide show to see the full list.Hi everyone. Thanks so much for all your well wishes. Being a papa again has been fun. Everyone is doing well at home and we are enjoying the time.
Now that the draft is over, SB Nation's draft guru, Andy Seiler, is releasing detailed reviews of each pick for each team. His Jays review just came out, and contains a ton of information about the Jays' 2010 draft class. You should definitely check it out. Here's his look at the Jays' first-round pick, the unfortunately named Deck McGuire:
1. Deck McGuire, RHP, Georgia Tech, #11 Overall, 6'6''/220, Seiler Rating 1B1: McGuire was supposed to be a top ten pick in most scenarios leading up to the draft, but because of his lack of a high ceiling, he fell just a bit and the Blue Jays got a steal. With four above-average pitches, McGuire could be a #2 starter if things all pan out, and he's not too far away from being able to contribute in the Majors. This was an excellent pick, as they took advantage of a good player falling to them, and he shouldn't get too much above slot in order to sign.
Seiler does a great rundown of all the Jays picks, from McGuire all the way to Kelly-Norris Jones, the British Columbian catcher that the Jays selected with the fifteen-hundred and sixth overall pick. His overall assessment of the Jays:
Now that you've read the 56 profiles on the Blue Jays' draft picks, here's why I gave them a Grade B+ for their draft class and ranked them 5th overall in the entire league. First of all, it's hard not to like the amount of talent that the team added. By my count, they added 11 potential mid-rotation starters in the first 15 rounds, as well as a potential setup man, starters for third base (two of them), shortstop, right field, and center field. That's significant. They didn't skimp on the talent, and I applaud them for that. They also executed a strong draft plan in there, getting Deck McGuire when maybe they shouldn't have, as well as getting Aaron Sanchez, Asher Wojciechowski, Griffin Murphy, and Sam Dyson at potential bargains. Add in the fact that they've already signed Sanchez, Noah Syndergaard, Wojciechowski, Hawkins, and Knecht very quickly for affordable amounts, and I think they executed their plan very, very well. Lastly, they really did add some balance, even with the large number of arms they added. I'm okay with adding a number of arms compared to bats, as the attrition rate is higher for arms, and they didn't fail to add potential starting bats while adding all the arms. So I give them an A- for talent, a B+ for execution, and a B+ for balance, giving them a high-level B+ total, which is why they were the highest-rated B+ team. I really like this draft class, and I'm glad to see the Blue Jays jumping back into the greater draft pool with balance and talent.1.1. Who can play Play&Gold?
1.2. Not a Pay&Go customer yet?
1.3. I have a code, what now?
1.4. How do I get a code?
1.5. I topped up but didn’t get a code. Why not?
1.6. How long is my code valid?
1.7. Does it cost anything to play?
1.8. I picked a gift but I haven’t received it yet. What should I do?
1.9. What’s the Play&Gold small print?
1.10. I don’t know my mobile phone number.
1.11. I can’t open any pages or links on the Play&Gold website.
1.12. I don’t have the time to play. / I don’t like games. Is there another way to receive free minutes and SMSes?
1.13. I no longer want to receive texts from Play&Gold
2.1. How long is my code valid?
2.2. When will I receive my code?
2.3. Can I use my code more than once?
2.4. I don’t have internet. How do I play?
2.5. It’s been over 24 hours and I still haven’t received my code.
2.6. My Play&Gold code doesn’t work.
2.7. I’ve lost my code. What should I do?
2.8. My session crashed. Is my code lost now?
2.9. How can I redeem my gold coins without reloading?
3. The Play&Gold treasures.
3.1. What kind of treasures can I dig up?
3.2. How many times can I dig per session?
3.4. Do I win something every time I dig?
3.5. How do I know I’m not digging in the same place as before?
3.6. What is a collection?
3.7. How can I complete a collection?
3.8. How do I find gold coins?
3.9. Can I win extra gold coins?
3.10. What can I do with the gold coins?
3.11. How do I know how many gold coins I have saved?
3.12. When can I exchange my gold coins for a gift?
3.13. I am not able to simultaneously order multiple gifts. What should I do?
3.14 I have gold coins on several mobile phone numbers. Can I gather them on one mobile phone number?
3.15 I would like to give some of my gold coins to someone else. Is this possible?
4. The Piratapult contest.
4.1. What is the Piratapult contest?
4.2. Why participate in the Piratapult contest?
4.3. What can you win with the Piratapult ?
4.4. How can I play the Piratapult game?
4.5. How do I know if I’ve won a prize in the Piratapult?
4.6. I have reached the milestone of 1,500 meters. What now?
4.7. How do I know when the campaign is about to finish and the extra prizes are about to be allocated?
4.8. What's the Piratapult final?
4.9 What if I can't participate to the Piratapult final?
4.10. Are the results of the Piratapult final published?
4.11. Are there any conditions linked to the extra prize?
5. The treasure chamber and prize catalogue.
5.1. How long does it take to get the free text messages or minutes added on my phone?
5.2. How long does it take for my gift to be delivered?
5.3. My physical prize is damaged. What can I do?
5.4. I don’t like the gift I chose. Can I choose another one?
5.5. Can I transfer my bonus to another mobile phone?
5.6. Can I have my prize delivered overseas?
5.7. I don’t think my bonus was granted. How can I check this?
5.8. I have chosen “Free calling minutes to a Proximus number” as a network bonus. How can I check if I’m calling a Proximus number?
Any Pay&Go customer can play the game! Top up for at least €15 to play the game.
1.2. Not a Pay&Go customer yet?
Sign up now so you can join in the fun. Surf to and go to “All prepaid cards” under the tab “Mobile” for more information.
1.3. I have a code, what now?
Go to the homepage of the Play&Gold website, enter your mobile phone number and your code and click on “Connect”. Do not forget to tick the box “I accept the terms and conditions” before logging in.
1.4. How do I get a code?
Simply top up with an amount of €15 or more. We'll text you a code within a few hours. You'll receive a new code each time you top up for at least €15.
1.5. I topped up but didn’t get a code. Why not?
This is probably because you’ve topped up for less than €15. You can only receive a code to win a prize with top-ups of €15 or more. Next time, top up this minimum amount. Please also note that the number of Play&Gold codes is limited to 8 codes per customer, per calendar month.
If you’ve topped up with the minimal amount of €15 and you have not yet reached the limit of 8 codes per month, you will receive a code within 24 hours. If you haven’t received a code within 24 hours, we suggest you call our customer care team on the number 6030 (toll-free from you Proximus-gsm).
1.6. How long is my code valid?
You have 31 days, starting from the day you top up, to use your code.
1.7. Does it cost anything to play?
Only the price of a top-up of at least €15.
1.8. I picked a gift but I haven’t received it yet. What should I do?
A network bonus will be granted to you within 24 hours. You will receive a confirmation message when your bonus is activated. Please call our customer service on 6000 (toll-free from a Proximus mobile phone) if you have not received this gift after 24 hours.
For other gifts, you will receive an e-mail within 24 hours with more information about your gift. If you do not receive an e-mail from us, check your spam folder. Your spam filter may have stopped our message. Otherwise, contact us via the contact form available on the homepage (playandgold.be).
If you received an e-code from us as a gift but lost the e-mail in which this code was sent, log in via the homepage using a valid Play&Gold code and your mobile number, and ask for your e-code to be sent again by pressing "Send again" under "Chosen gifts".
1.9. What’s the Play&Gold small print?
You can consult the Terms and Conditions (T&Cs). You need to confirm that you have read and accepted the Terms and Conditions before you can play the game or collect your prize.
1.10. I don’t know my mobile phone number
Check the packaging that your SIM card came in. Your number will be on it. You can also type the code #122# on your mobile and press send; you will receive a message with your mobile number.
1.11. I can’t open any pages or links on the Play&Gold website
The pop-up blocker on your Internet browser may be switched on. Check the instructions next to the toolbar and click to allow pop-ups.
1.12. I don’t have the time to play. / I don’t like games. Is there another way to receive free minutes and SMSes?
We understand that you may not always have the time or inclination to go on treasury hunt, but it should not prevent you to receive a reward for your loyalty! Jimmy Chase, the infamous treasure hunter, would like to buy your place aboard the ship for 25 gold coins. If you agree, simply click on the link "Not in the mood to play?" and you will immediately receive 25 gold coins and be granted direct access to the gift catalogue. However, in doing so, you will miss the opportunity to win extra prizes with the Piratapult or collect additional gold coins.
1.13. I do no longer want to receive texts from Play&Gold
If you do not want to participate in Play&Gold, and therefore no longer want receive texts related to Play&Gold, send "STOP" by SMS to 8930.
If you want to register again, send "START" to 8930.
2. Using my code
2.1. How long is my code valid?
You have 31 days, starting from the day you top up, to use your code.
2.2. When will I receive my code?
Generally, you will receive it within 15 minutes; however, sometimes it can take up to 24 hours after topping up for at least €15, which is the maximal delivery time.
2.3. Can I use my code more than once?
No. You can only use your code once to dig for treasure and take part in the Piratapult competition. However, you can reuse your code to log in at a later time. This is handy if you want to check your balance or choose a gift.
2.4. I don’t have internet. How do I play?
You can't play without the website, so ask a relative or friend if you can use their computer.
2.5. It’s been over 24 hours and I still haven’t received my code.
First, check that your top-up amount was above €15, since you can only receive a code with this minimum amount. If this applies to you and you still haven’t received a code within a timeframe of 24 hours, you can recover your last code by pressing “Need a code?”-link on the homepage. Your last code will be sent to you as quickly as possible, provided it is still valid.
2.6. My Play&Gold code doesn’t work
Check that your phone number and code were entered correctly and that your code has not expired (it is valid for up to 31 days after the top-up). Every mobile display is different. If you have doubts, try replacing the "U" with a "V", or the "I" with an "L". If you still have problems, call 6030 (toll-free from a Proximus mobile) or contact us via the contact form on the homepage.
2.7. I’ve lost my code. What should I do?
You can retrieve your last code by pressing the “Need a code”-link on playandgold.be and entering your mobile phone number. Your last valid code will be sent by text message within a period of 24 hours.
If your last code expired, we will send you a new code that will just allow you to log in to redeem your gold coins or adapt your personal details.
2.8. My session crashed. Is my code lost now?
No. Go back to the homepage and log in as usual. The game will resume where the previous session ended, provided your code is still valid.
2.9. How can I redeem my gold coins without reloading?
You no longer have a valid code? Don’t worry! Press the "Need a code?" button and we will send you a new code, which gives you access to the treasury chamber and your personal profile, within 24 hours.
You still have a valid code but you completely forgot about it? So much the better! Who knows, you might discover a forgotten dig.
3. The Play&Gold treasures
3.1. What kind of treasures can I dig up?
Play&Gold is a treasure hunt for an attractive hoard made up of coins, a Piratapult championship ticket and multiple objects to form a collection. Gold coins can be immediately exchanged in the treasure chamber for a network bonus, saved for later, or offered to someone you know. If you find a
3.2. How many times can I dig per session?
Each time you top up for €15 or more, you receive a code to participate. If you top up via a top-up card, you can dig four times. If you top up via 1-2 ring, 1-2 surf or automatic top-up, you can dig five times.
3.3. What is a ticket?
A ticket gives you access to the Piratapult competition.
3.4. Do I win something every time I dig?
You can dig up as many treasures as you have turns to dig. Try to choose a good place to dig because sometimes you only get an empty hole.
3.5. How do I know I’m not digging in the same place as before?
In each session, you resume the previous game. This is, after all, a real treasure hunt and Rome wasn't built in a day! You can look at all the gold coins and collectibles you have collected when you log in again. The places where you dug during a previous session (i.e. the boxes you checked) will also be clearly indicated.
3.6. What is a collection?
A collection consists of a number of collectibles. The collection is complete when you have found all five collectibles. Each collection is different. Some collections are rare and you receive lots of gold coins for them.
Click the backpack in the bar above the playground. Here, you can see the status of all your collectibles. A collection completes itself. You just have to be lucky when you dig.
3.8. How do I find gold coins?
There are several ways to find gold coins. You can dig a certain number of times during each session. Many gold coins lie hidden under the sand. If you find a collectible instead of a gold coin, this can also bring you gold if you can complete a collection with that object. You can get the largest number of gold coins with the Piratapult. Different types of turtles are floating around in the water. If one of your pirates hits one of these turtles, you are rewarded. If you achieve a top score, you'll be covered in gold!
Yes. Extra gold coins can be won in the Piratapult competition. If you throw a certain distance, you win the amount of gold coins corresponding to this distance. Moreover, turtles are placed at specific intervals in the water. If one of your pirates hits one of these tortoises, you get extra gold coins. The amount of gold coins won, will be transferred to your account after playing the game so you can immediately exchange them for a gift in the treasure chamber.
Gold coins can be immediately exchanged for a nice gift in our treasure chamber. You can also decide to save your gold coins and exchange them for a gift with a higher value later on. Or you’re in a generous mood and offer them to someone else. Or you’re in a generous mood and offer them to someone else.
When you log in with your personal code and mobile number, you will see an overview of the number of gold coins you have collected. This overview can be consulted at any time, as long as your code is valid.
You have no valid code left? Don’t worry. You can request a new code using the “Need a code”-link on the homepage.
You can exchange your gold coins for a gift of your choice any time you like. So you don't have to do it right after digging or playing with the Piratapult. You can log in again with a valid code at any time to consult your coin balance or the gift catalog. Please note that the gift catalog may change after a certain period. However, network bonuses are always included in the gift catalog.
You have no valid code left? Don’t worry. You can request a new code using the “Need a code?”-link on the homepage.
3.13. I am not able to simultaneously order multiple gifts. What should I do?
If you wish to order more gifts at once, you return to the homepage after each gift choice and you log in again with the same code before choosing a new gift.
3.14. I have gold coins on several mobile phone numbers. Can I gather them on one mobile phone number?
Yes. If you have gold coins on several mobile phone numbers, you can easily transfer them to one mobile number by following the link 'Transfer your gold' in the Treasure Chamber. Simply log in with the mobile number on which you have gold coins and go to the Treasure Chamber. Follow the link 'Transfer your gold', enter the number of gold coins you would like to transfer and enter the mobile phone number that you would like to receive them on.
3.15. I would like to give some of my gold coins to someone else. Is this possible?
Yes, it is. You can give all of your gold coins or part of them to any Pay&Go phone number that has played at least once with Play&Gold. All you need to do is log on to with your mobile phone number and a valid code. In the Treasure Room, you follow the link 'Transfer your gold’ and enter the number of gold coins you want to offer and the mobile phone number of the recipient.
4. The Piratapult contest
4.1. What is the Piratapult contest?
The Piratapult contest is a game of skill that is played with a pirate catapult, better known as the Piratapult. During the competition you can instantly win a large number of gold coins or win numerous prizes. In the game, you have to throw three pirates as far as possible by calculating the force and direction of the Piratapult. The number of gold coins you win depends on the distance you threw. If during the game you hit a red or green turtle, you win extra gold coins.
All participants throwing a distance of 1.500 meters or more on the website, or those who end up in the top 50 after each campaign in the app win a great prize.
4.2. Why participate in the Piratapult contest?
IIn the Piratapult contest you can win extra gold coins and numerous prizes. Challenge: throw your pirates 1500 meters or further on the website or end in the top 50 at the end of the campaign in the app! If you reach one of the milestones, you win the number of gold coins corresponding the distance you threw. Moreover, if one of your pirates hits a red or green tortoise, you get extra coins.
The Piratapult allows you to win additional gold coins and/or numerous prizes.
You can win additional gold coins by touching red or green turtles or by throwing a certain distance. Please consult the “Conditions” at the home page for more information about the distance and corresponding number of gold coins that can be won.
All participants throwing 1500 meters or more on the website and those who end up in the top 50 in de app after each campaign, win extra prizes.
Gold coins will be transferred to your account immediately after playing the game. If you win an extra prize, it will be send via email after each campaign.
To play the Piratapult game, you must first dig up a Piratapult championship ticket.
After each game, so after having thrown away your 3 pirates, you will see a score board with your result and your gain. You immediately know what your throw is worth. You don’t need to undertake any further actions. The gold coins you’ve won during the game will be transferred to your account automatically, enabling you to immediately exchange them for a gift.
If you win an extra prize, it will be send via email at the end of each campaign.
If you have thrown 1,500 meters or more on the website, you are one of the better Piratapult players and you get an extra prize at the end of the campaign (max 1x per 18 months). Did you play via the app? Then you need to end up in the top 50 to get an extra prize.
4.7. How do I know when the campaign is about to finish and the extra prizes are about to be allocated?
Each competition has another running time. Take a look under the "Terms" for more information about the start and end dates of the current competition period.
The Piratapult final is the final round that will be held among the players who were able to reach the 1 500 meter milestone and are thus considered to be the best players of the previous contest period. The final will be organized on location along with the other winners. At the start of the Piratapult final all results are put back to zero. The player with the best result will win the Super Treasure. The other participants win the other prizes. Check the "Terms" on the home page to see what prizes can be won this contest period.
ATTENTION: Due to the COVID-19 situation, the finals are currently suspended.
If you are one of the lucky ones that received an invitation to the Piratapult-final but are not able to free up that day, you may send a representative who participates in your place, provided that they are 18 or older. You will get the opportunity to share the name of your representative in the reply form at your invitation.
ATTENTION: Due to the COVID-19 situation, the finals are currently suspended.
4.10. Are the results of the Piratapult final published?
Yes. You can view the results of the previous Piratapult final via this link.
4.11. Are there any conditions linked to the extra prize?
A maximum of 50 customers can win an extra prize per competition period. If more than 50 customers achieve more than 1500m, the winners will be selected based on the best scores.
Maximum 1 an extra prize per person. If a customer has achieved more than 1500 m several times during the competition period, or has also places in the top 50 in the app (see Article 8), the customer will only receive one extra prize
A customer can only win an extra prize once every 18 months. If a customer has already received the prize in the past 18 months, the prize will not be transferred at the end of the competition period.
5. The treasure chamber and prize catalogue
5.1. How long does it take to get the free text messages or minutes added on my phone?
It can take up to 24 hours to have your network bonus (texts, minutes) activated on your mobile. This happens automatically. We will send you a confirmation message (SMS) to let you know when this has been done.
Once you have chosen a gift with your gold coins, you will receive a confirmation e-mail within 24 hours containing a description of your prize and all the necessary information regarding the method and time of delivery. If you have any questions or problems, please contact our customer service via the contact details provided in the e-mail.
When you see your package is damaged, do not accept it. We will send you a new package.
Proximus/Belgacom cannot be held responsible for material damage that has been caused to the package through delivery.
If you have chosen your gift and confirmed your choice, you will not be able to change it. If you have not yet done so, you can browse through the prize catalog and read the description under each prize.
No, the bonus is exclusively for the number that was topped up. However, if you want your friends to benefit from the program, tell them about it. If they are not yet Pay&Go customers, they can start receiving codes and prizes by buying a Pay&Go SIM card and topping up for at least €15.
No, it can only be delivered to a Belgian address.
You can check your personal usage via the online e-Services, a personalized customer environment which gives you more control over the Proximus/Belgacom services you have subscribed to. If you do not use the e-Services yet, you can activate your account here: .
5.8. I have chosen “Free calling minutes to a Proximus number” as a network bonus. How can I check if I’m calling a Proximus number?
The website gives you access to a public database which allows you to easily obtain the number location of the called person.Our Community
Our Lady of the Assumption is a diverse and growing parish located in Brookhaven, Georgia with over 1,500 registered individuals and families who are deeply involved as stewards to the parish and to the Brookhaven community.
We seek to follow the teachings of Jesus Christ, within the Catholic tradition. Informed by the spirit of the Society of Mary (Marists), the ideal to live like Christ in the world, is expressed in our parish under the broad areas of Worship, Education and Service. As a Marist community: “We carry out the Ministry of Jesus, the Christ, in the compassionate Spirit of Mary.”
We are a parish of many cultures, including Indonesian and Latino. Parishioners include people who live in the Brookhaven - a city nestled north of downtown Atlanta and Buckhead - and the surrounding community. The Atlanta area is a hub for many new residents from around the country.
Our community offers something for everyone: Parish Preschool, Elementary/Middle School, Parish School of Religion, Adult Faith Formation, and Youth Ministry along with a multitude of social functions and ministry opportunities for all ages, interests, and time commitments.
Active membership at Our Lady of the Assumption provides opportunities to enrich your faith and your life through Worship, Education, and Service.
We invite you to learn all about us by exploring this website and visiting us this Sunday!
Rev..
Whenever there is a time duration between the production of hydrogen and its use, the hydrogen needs to be stored in a certain location, preferably near the point of use. Some German companies and research institutes investigate a new way of storing hydrogen: in synthetic aromatic-based heat transfer oils that are normally used in bakery systems and other high temperature applications./unloading is a reversible process; hydrogenation (loading) requires higher pressures, is exothermal and therefore releases energy, whereas dehydrogenation (unloading) is an endothermal process which requires energy and therefore higher temperatures - both catalyst-driven.
Bronkhorst’s distributor, Wagner Mess- und Regeltechnik, is requested to assist the German partners in their R&D. instruments need to be able to cope with these viscosity changes..
Of the hydrogen that is fed to the LOHC process, the flow is only measured. This hydrogen (that leaves the electrolyser in a previous stage prior to entering the reactor vessel) is pressure-controlled.
For this application, several Bronkhorst instruments are being used for several aspects of the process:
The combination of these devices makes it a highly functional solution.
Stay up to date with the latest developments in high tech with our newsletter.8801 s. yale ave. suite 500 tulsa, ok 74137 phone: 9184975500 email: email protected
ai amp; machine learning in space operations. current space exploration missions use ai and machine learning capabilities in many areas of space operations including mission planning and operations, data collection, autonomous navigation and maneuvering, and spacecraft maintenance. future missions will need to rely on the same.. here we present a novel.
art machines are an evolution of a core tinkering activity, scribbling machines. these playful contraptions use a single hobby motor, a aa battery, and a hot glue stick to produce an erratic motion. when mounted on a body with a pen attached, they move and
man vs. machine in space exploration from: as robots become more capable, the debate over the role of humans and machines in space is
data exploration, also known as exploratory data analysis (eda), is a process where users look at and understand their data with statistical and visualization methods. this step helps identifying patterns and problems in the dataset, as well as
characterizing signatures of geothermal exploration data with machine learning techniques: an application to the nevada play fairway analysis connor m. smith1, james e. faulds1, stephen brown2,3, mark coolbaugh1, cary r. lindsey1, sven treitel4, bridget ayling1, michael fehler2, chen gu2, and eli mlawsky1
create machine learning models. microsoft learn provides several interactive ways to get an introduction to classic machine learning. these learning paths will get you productive on their own, and also are an excellent base for moving on to deep learning topics. from the most basic classical machine learning models, to exploratory data analysis
data exploration in gis. gis (geographic information systems) is a framework for gathering and analyzing data connected to geographic locations and their relation to human or natural activity on earth. with so much of the world's data now being locationenriched, geospatial analysts are faced with a rapidly increasing volume of geospatial data. advanced gis software solutions and tools can
exploration vs. exploitation. online decision making involves a fundamental choice; exploration, where we gather more information that might lead us to better decisions in the future or exploitation, where we make the best decision given current information. this comes up
in this work, we would like to develop several machine learning (ml) models to assess the widely accepted phase design rules for heas 1,8,31,32 and also to
reinforcement learning – exploration vs exploitation tradeoff. reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning which teaches us to take actions to maximize rewards in a particular situation. reinforcement learning is used in a various of fields, starting from automobile to medicine and many others. in reinforcement learning, the agent.
exploration of neural machine translation in autoformalization of mathematics in mizar cpp 20, january 20–21, 2020, new orleans, la, usa isabelle library and its archive of formal proofs 9, which has more formalized computer science knowledge, but less
explorationexploitation dilemma. understanding and addressing that dilemma has become a key part of an algorithmic approach to computation, machine learning, as it is applied to information provision. in simplest terms, even if one achieves success with one
exploration: surface. you need diamond core drilling solutions for both shallow and deep hole, small and large diameter core, including wireline and conventional. for your next surface core drilling project, insist on the best rigs and tooling for the best results.
explore in 3deyes on the solar system. eyes on the solar system lets you explore the planets, their moons, asteroids, comets and the spacecraft exploring them from 1950 to 2050. ride with the curiosity rover as it lands on mars or fly by pluto with the new horizons spacecraft all from the.
function machines 1 (functions and tables) drop a number into a function machine, and see what number comes out! you can use one of the six preset function machines, or program your own function rule into one of the blank machines. stack up to three function machines together. input and output can be recorded in a table and on a graph.
here for your consideration: 1999 release galoob micro machines exploration adventure. perfect for any collector for display or play. 3 bayou patrol. included are 3 floating swamp watercraft: swamp glider, caravan raft wguide amp; river trek canoe.
to answer this question, we should remind ourselves of why, in machine learning, we split data into training, validation and testing sets (see also this question). training sets are used for model development. we often carefully explore this data to get ideas for feature engineering and the general structure of the machine learning model.
a machine learning based exploration of covid19 mortality risk. poned2109671r1. dear dr. kamrani, were pleased to inform you that your manuscript has been judged scientifically suitable for publication and will be formally accepted for publication once it
machine learning series!!! h ello folks!!! i hope that you are well off earning the best data science skills and helping you achieve the best results in your career. you have a great experience
as automation technologies such as machine learning and robotics play an increasingly great role in everyday life, their potential effect on the workplace has, unsurprisingly, become a major focus of research and public concern. the discussion tends toward a manichean guessing game: which jobs will or wont be replaced by machines in fact, as our research has begun to show, the story is
explore in 3d. introduction. earth is made up of complex, interactive systems that create a constantly changing world that we are striving to understand. from the vantage point of space, we are able to observe our planet globally, using sensitive instruments to understand the delicate balance among its oceans, air, land, and life.
machine learning algorithms or automated exploration software can easily identify relationships between various data variables and dataset structures to determine whether outliers exist, and create data values that can highlight patterns or points of interest. both data exploration and machine learning can identify notable patterns and help draw conclusions from datasets.
machine learning engineer nanodegreeThis common sense solution to jump starting the American economy and the job market is simple and it has nothing to do with government. Like other revolutions it will start with people like you and me. If you are a small business owner, you already know the answer to this.
Over the weekend I went to a local sporting goods department store and purchased some exercise equipment. Out of the weights, bands, and other accessories, nothing was made in the USA. I purchased a rather large piece of equipment that allows me to do chin-ups. This thing was huge, all metal and had lots of parts. It sold for under $100. No way should it be that cheap. If it were made in Alabama, or New Jersey or even California it probably would have sold for $150 – $199, but it would have been worth it.
The problem is that we have been lulled into a false sense of value due to cheap imported products from China, Indonesia, Thailand and other (mostly Asian) countries, and it is all in the name of profit for the department stores as well as in the name of (economic) power for these countries. Nothing wrong with that, except we have overindulged to the point where nothing much is made in this country and our economic power is being given away. Therefore, we don’t have the job base anymore, nor will we (unless…) You can see it in every community that used to support manufacturing, distributing and even now customer support functions (which is now often in India, for crying out loud).
Here is the point. Unless we start manufacturing and servicing customers in America, we will not see the strong American jobs that we once enjoyed. Duh! OK, so that’s been said. Now what? It’s complicated, right? Requires governmental incentives, accelerated depreciation schedules, accountants, lawyers, lions, tigers, bears (oh my), all the rest, right?
Not only no…But hell no!
Getting our strong American economy back with more jobs and goods being made right here simply means that we as individuals and business managers make a decision to ask for and buy products that are made in the United States. In the case where no products are available (as is often the case nowadays) find a way to let the store and/or chain management know. Businesses like Wal-Mart and others listen to the sales figures and are keen to bad press. When they see that sales are off on a range of imported products, then they will start asking for it to be made here. That is when American manufacturing will be reborn. Believe me…when Wal-Mart speaks, suppliers listen. The same goes for Target, Sears and the rest of the pack.
Small American businesses know this, and many of us already make our products in the USA, and many do it in our homes, garages and business. But we need to educate the consumer that if they want American products, American jobs and American profits (to pay for it all), we have to ask for and demand American products!
So, if you want American products, ask for them! Demand them! Buy them!
Robby Meadows
Nashville Wraps
And this is Why I buy American whenever possible… Whenever I buy store supplies for Etsy shop Lili D Magpie Creations, I can be comfortable in the knowledge that in my small way I’m helping the US economy and supporting US workers. This is my version of “put your money where your mouth is” and “you get what you pay for” all rolled into one sound business decision.
Well said. I have a vegetable peeler that is well over 50 years old that is sharper and peels better than any new one on the market. It was made in America. I also own a vintage 1956 Kirby vacuum that we just replaced the bag and is still going strong, again made in America. As consumers we have to seek out products made here and show that there is a demand for good quality products. Not all of us want to do our shopping at the dollar store. Oh, and tell your bank we Americans can answer a phone just fine. I let mine know I appreciate the fact that I’m talking to someone in Texas or Nevada not India. If we invest in ourselves it can only get better.
I haven’t shopped at Wal-Mart or Sams for over 10 years. It’s small but if more people made this decision we could have some impact. I am also starting to look for USA sources more and may even quit making gift baskets and go strictly to boxes and totes made in the USA. It’s up to us is right.
We too look for all american products, my personal use ILove Not Your Daughters jeans , can be purchased at Dillards all American Has that beautiful American flag on the tag . For our business we try very hard to have all American products its not possiable but we sure kept trying on the Tee Shirts we wanted to sell one thanking our vets , you can’t have an American logo from china, we found UFCW Union line made in America,our shirts say USA Land of the Free because of the Brave Thank a Vet and they are resonably priced. We purchase our bags and other items from Nashville wraps,because they think like we do. America will come back if we reach out and help. Jt. owner of Sweet Stuff & Coffee
I agree. China is taking over our country a little at a time and us Americans are letting them! My husband and I opened a little under a year ago and believe me it has not been easy in this economy. I have heard it all even the famous ” I can get that at Walmart for half the price”. I tell them yes you can if you want to feed your children candy made in china that is your choice. I know that for every person that is looking for cheap there are two or three willing to pay for quality. We as small business owners need to continue to cater to those who understand and also continue to support our local businesses. Take the time to explain that buying local keeps money in their community. People appreciate it when you give them information and will come back and buy from you again. I also have noticed that more and more people are becoming aware of this problem so keep telling the people to support the local businesses! Thanks NW for taking the time to send these articles they are always good.
I am willing to pay more for Made in the USA. To be able to afford it, I save money on other things – like not having cable TV. I shop at thrift stores and DIY a lot of my home decor so that I don’t have to buy the cheap “made in China” furnishings that Target, WalMart, even Crate and Barrel carry.
So to those who say they can’t afford to buy it, it’s a matter of priorities, I think.
Bravo!! You are correct in that we have become accustomed to paying as little as possible for any type of product. We as Americans need to realize what true “value” is, not just what “as cheap as I can get it” is!
So glad you say these things. As a shop that carries a lot of USA made baby and kids clothes, it’s not always an easy sell. It costs more and Americans have gotten used to buying cheap imported EVERYTHING. We have to start caring about each other, so that all Americans can have decent jobs, homes, health care etc. This may reflect in the end price of a product- but it will be worth it. We can’t afford to disenfranchise members of our society- it’s bad for everyone. We can’t all be rich but we should be able to work and have food, shelter, education and healthcare.
Wow! I’m glad I opened this email. What a great message. As a small specialty store owner, this a a way for us to stand out and as an individual, I can make a difference when I shop. During these tough years, I have found that there is a lot I can do without and the same can work with our purchasing power of American products. If it is not Made in the USA, leave it in the store and as you said, advise the merchant. Timing could not be better for us to change our ways.
I have only one other comment. Sometimes the people that can afford it the most are the cheapest shoppers. I once had a customer
buy an item at 50% off for $10.00 and then ask if we would wrap for a wedding gift. I knew her and knew she could afford to spend more on a gift. Now we wrapped it without putting it in a box (it was a cutting board) and she brought it back at a later date and ask us to redo the wrap, it wasn’t good enought. I still can’t get over it.
“Paymore for America”. Thanks Robby for the inspirition.
It is difficult (but not impossible) to change the motivation of the average consumer. While many people only see price and don’t care about anything beyond that, others do care but can’t afford it. This is why we are a free nation and have choices. If those who can afford it will ask for US products the volume and demand will increase and will allow the prices to be more competitive. With the inflation rate in China and fuel costs escalating the differeces are becomming less and less based on price.
Robby Meadows
Nashville Wraps
Yes, buy domestic – great, or buy local – even better. Grassroots action is needed, but also top-down change. How about eliminating income taxes and replacing them with a carbon tax? If we could make international shipping (and other fossil fuel use) more expensive, perhaps we could accelerate toward a cleaner and more localized economy. Thanks for the post!
Couldn’t agree more with this article. I recently opened a gardening/ green living retail store and made the choice to only sell products made in the USA. While it was a struggle to actually find all the products I wanted to carry, I was able to do it. And now everytime a customer here’s that everything is made in the USA they smile and say “Now you don’t see that very often.” While some of the products are a little more expensive than those made in China, many are comparable and the quality of all is deffinatley better. We even went as far as making sure all of our store supplies are made in the USA. Thanks to Nashville Wraps we were able to get the cutest gift and shopping bags!
We try very hard to promote US made products in our store. One classic example is Lodge cast iron. The big problem is survival against the WalMarts of the world. People come in with a preconceived notion that the big chains Menards, WalMart etc are sooooo much cheaper but the cast iron there is made in China not the US. They don’t compare apples to apples. When they see that you are higher in one area (not comparing US to China) it just comfirms their ideas. I had a customer come in who wanted a flag set and his friend told him- it’s bound to be cheaper at WalMart- I then questioned where it was made. It really gets to me when you have people buying American flags to show their support that are made in China ( or elsewhere).
Willing to pay for American products? With what? I beg to differ that the higher price of American products is “worth it”. In fact, I would argue that the demise of the American product is shoddy workmanship while charging exorbitant fees for it. The auto industry is one of the largest examples of this. Expensive cars, not well made, minimally equipped yet $$$ allowed foreign markets with well made cars that lasted, well equipped for relatively the same $$$ to dominate the market for the last several decades. American workers did this to themselves. We’ve become a nation with the worst work ethic of any developed country. We have an inflated sense of entitlement that says we should have, have, have while putting forth as minimal effort as possible. “Greed” is the mantra of the American product, not “quality”. There is no pride in work and the average worker has an adversarial view of their employer. If an American product is suffering and falling short of it’s foreign counterpart, it need only look to itself and not blame it’s lack of success on consumers not “buying American”.
I am a small business suffering greatly in this economy. I will put the few hard earned dollars I have into the product with the highest quality to price ratio I can find. If that happens to be foreign, so be it. And shame on the American product for falling short. Not shame on me for wanting quality and value in the products I purchase.
Very powerful post. 100% agree. Our country is lost in the fog of cheap is better, forget the quality and great customer service, attention to detail that can be found in American based company’s. Understanding the value of things made here in the US.
Wonderful Article. I am committed to purchasing USA made items for my shop as much as I can.
Other than my personal and professional commitment to increasing US manufacturing I was in my favorite farm store last week and noticed some T-Shirts promoting the USA with a flag graphic and a supportive US theme…but the label said “Made in Honduras”.
I contacted the President of the company and asked the more emphasis be given to US suppliers and the clothing especially. The next day I got a reply and to my surprise learned that the t-shirts were printed in the US at least. But more than that I was told that US suppliers are sought after first, then imports when products are not domestically available. I commented that due to the chains buying power, (largest farm chain in the US) they could give suppliers incentives to made products in the US once again.
Weaning ourselves off the imports is going to be a slow process, but one important to start. Big hitters are necessary to get the ball rolling and to maintain competitive prices, so continue to let them know and support US products.
R Meadows
Nashville Wraps
A few of my friends who travel often to China talk about the explosive building growth, and nice cars (many are new to driving, so they are inexperienced), and how their economy is elevating their lives. Although, it is altruistic to know their quality of life is better, I quickly wonder where the USA will be if we continue to spend our dollars elsewhere. The time has come to take back some of what America has lost in manufacturing. We want our children to have a good future.
Sixteen years ago I made the decision to become a part of Nashville Wraps. It was a decision between a secretarial job at DuPont and coming here. One of the key factors that swayed me to coming to NW was the fact that you tried to carry only USA products and it was so important to you back then.
When you look back at the Spring/Summer 1995 catalog – 32 pages – on these pages 16 years ago we were telling our customers about US products and recycling;
HD Bags made from Milk Jugs
T-Sacks 30% recycled Florida Diamond approval
Natural Kraft Groove Boxes 100% recycled, Made in USA.
List goes on…
We’ve always been the leader and now we can tell the story louder. To quote what was written on the last page of that catalog – Dispensers & Cutters, “Made in America and Built to Last!! That says it all.
Thanks for taking a stand .
These are awesome comments. It is a complex issue, the most common challange mentioned seems to be price. As inflation continues in China, this may soon take care of itself. In the meanwhile I will continue to seek and ask for American made products professionally and personally.
Robby Meadows
PS: All of our products have “Country of Origin” listed on the product pages of our website. just drill down and it will be there.
RM
Thanks for putting this in your email blast today.
I Tweeted and FB posted this.
Thanks also, for having so many recycled products.
You guys are GREAT!
I totally agree with the premise. My complaint is, as is with most of us, price. Originally, I wanted to do all of my manufacturing in the US. However, when looking for a company to produce my first product, the mold costs here started at $100,000 and I got it done in China for $17,000. I am sorry, but that is waaaay too big a difference for me to have “made in the USA” stamped on the box. I do have all of my other items made in the US, even though it does mean higher pricing. I think the solution is some kind of happy medium. Americans have to figure out a way to manufacture products more competitively priced. I took a tour of a factory years ago and the guy staring at the machines work (just to be sure they worked right) made more money than school teachers who really work for their money, have a college degree(s), and put up with all kinds of $%##$%%&. I prefer buying items made in America, do it whenever possible, but, I simply cannot justify 6 times the price.
Excellent post. I’m very serious about buying American made products. I’ve been noticing a lot of “Made in PRC” on products now. It’s a weak attempt at trying to fool some consumers. PRC= People’s Republic of China.
Yes, American made products are a bit more expensive but if quality and supporting OUR ecomomy are important, you’ll swing it! 🙂
I love this article, and very happily support “made in the USA!”. I will post and share this article with some of my friends, and make a bigger deal of it on all my products. Which I produce, or buy from other crafters, which naturally means to me…”MADE IN THE USA!”
That’s all good and well, except that when an American MP3 player costs $500 and a chinese one costs $100, the choice isn’t “buy something American, or buy something imported.” The choice is “buy imported, or don’t have it at all.”
I already sacrifice a lot. We have one car, and it’s over 15 years old, where most families have 2, fairly new. We have no car payments, but we know that if anything goes wrong with our car, we’ll be walking or doing without for weeks while we get it fixed and try desperately to be able to afford to pay for repairs.
I live in an apartment because I’ve never in my life had enough money to be able to think about affording a down payment for a house. It’s unlikely that we will ever have a house, and there’s a part of me that’s desperately worried about what that will mean in another 20 years when we can’t even think about retiring, because we wouldn’t have any money to live on.
I rarely travel out of the state, except to see my mother every other year. We live less than a mile from my husband’s work so that he can bike, or I can drive him in case of bad weather, and we fill our car up with gas about once a month. And even then, the $40 that it takes to fill the tank is a blow.
You say “vote with your dollars” and that sort of assumes that I have any.
You can cry American, American all you want, but unless salaries go up and people make what they deserve, or prices come down, I’m not really seeing lots of options.
Excellent post! Something else to consider: not only be willing to buy American-made, but be willing to spend more and to value what you buy…take care of it and don’t have the mentality that you can just throw it away and get a new whatever when you get tired of the old one.
Your absolutely right, buy domestic or local whenever possible. When I shop, I think locally, regionally, nationally, then neighborly (if it’s not from the US is it from a neighboring country or from a country that pays and treats their workers well). It’s not always possible to shop that way, and if it costs a lot more I may not be able to afford (unless I know it will last longer and be better quality).
One thing that people forget in all the hullabaloo about the economy, is that the US is still the world’s biggest manufacturer:
“… the world’s largest manufacturer, representing 19% of the world’s manufacturing output …”
I am an online merchant. I am trying desperately to buy materials and products that are made only in America. I agree with this part of your statement: “The problem is that we have been lulled into a false sense of value due to cheap imported products . . . ” but I do not agree with the latter part — putting all the blame on “department stores” that want to make huge profits. The unsaid problem is that we have spoiled American citizens who want what they want, when they want it and for a cheap price. I’m all for buying America and selling American. But you can’t BE American without free trade. Are you not in business because you want to make a profit? It’s the pot calling the kettle black to put all the blame on your fellow businesses. And the government IS to blame in a major part of the equation: If corporations were not paying the highest corporate taxes in the world in America, they would not move to other countries to produce their goods. Less tax + more products made in America = MORE JOBS AND BETTER PRICES ON ALL AMERICAN MADE PRODUCTS. DUH!
Hi! I am bootstrapping my American Dream, PrizeBite.com which is a business focused on the best of the best American-made food gifts. We purchase some of our supplies from Nashville Wraps.
Please check us out: … We have very strong testimonials on our website, some specifically praising the fact that the foods are made in the USA and we give a portion of our proceeds to domestic-hunger-relief.
Each of our items has been carefully and personally selected because it is extraordinarily delightful, yet not necessarily widely available. At PrizeBite, our focus on American-made food reflects our love for the delicious melting pot of cultures & evolving flavors that makes our country uniquely wonderful. In fact, smaller U.S. food companies have always fascinated and inspired us. Often owned by families, these companies are led by visionary individuals who personally invest everything to create and maintain a singular taste – a truly prized bite. In our day-to-day relationships with our suppliers, we are continually renewed by their passion, creativity & dedication to quality. We feel privileged to be a platform that highlights and shares their tremendous contributions to the world of food.
Best Regards,
Michelle Helena Denk
Founder of PrizeBite Inc.
I agree with Martha,
I believe you do make a note when products are made in the USA, however, I’d love to see more. Especially paper goods. Most of the plants that could be making products such as paperboard boxes, have closed and manufacturing has gone to countries like China.
I do believe as the dollar continues to decline relative to the Euro, the benefit of off-shoring production will diminish. Perhaps Nashville Wraps can help revitalize the paper industry? You could start with helping your suppliers such as BoxCo to see the light. Perhaps team up with them to shift their production back to the U.S.
Very happy to see this truth in your article. Thank you! I am a small business owner in Oregon who makes handcrafted jewelry. People are buying locally made products, so much so that I am hiring! I feel it will simply take a lot of time for the general public to get to a place where they can not only see that it is very much worth it to buy items made locally, but to also have the economy to support that choice. It is a cycle, more people will be able to afford the higher price of USA made items when more local businesses sell so much more that they are hiring people at higher wages. But then we are going back to the “how can they afford it to buy it in the first place” conundrum. So this will take time, but I firmly believe it will happen.
Don’t buy anything at a big box store. That’s a great way to start if you’re serious about this. Really, shop at farmer’s markets and on main street and you’ll do a lot more than any other action.
I believe a lot of what you said. However, in my small, rural town, no one is willing to pay the prices for the American made goods. At least not enough are willing. They want a piece that looks expensive, makes a nice gift, free gift wrapping, maybe free delivery, and all for $20.00. I had a couple in buying a bridal gift recently. Everything had been sold except some of the bride’s dinnerware. A plate was $26.00. The guy told my assistant he wanted something more “impressive”, but their budget was $30.00. My assistant and I almost fell out laughing when they left. Demanding American made goods alone is not enough, Americans must be willing to pay for the products.
Great points..
As an American craftswoman, I have seen quite a bit over the past 40 something years.. the demise of manufacturing in the USA has made us a country of debtor citizens who do not know how to make things, and require two incomes to buy groceries ..
Not enough room here for all the things that we all know have contributed to the destruction of the middle class, the destruction of our education system .. on and on..
I do have a request from Nashville Wraps – I purchase ribbon, organza bags, tissue, tape.. etc. from you – and love the great service..
I would prefer to know when I purchase my supplies where they are produced so when I can, I will be able to support made in USA products..
just saying…
Martha
I couldn’t agree with you more, Robby. As a small store owner I feel like it is becoming more and more difficult to find products made in the USA. We keep asking, but the vendors keep worrying about their ability to provide cost effective products and shy away from trying to find products made here. It’s going to take not only what you propose, but a mindset change within american industry to stop shipping procurement to Asia just to improve the bottom line. This is a daunting task. Wall Street barks and american business reacts..
This article really hits home for me. My last order was delayed for months as it was awaiting delivery from China. I was discussing with my sales assistant that the next time I will not subject myself to the delay and will gladly pay a few dollars more to support an American business. You better believe I will honor this statement. GOD BLESS AMERICA! Let’s all work together to create jobs here at home.
And, when you DO need customer service, and you are connected to someone outside the USA… simply pause, take a breath… and nicely ask to be connected to a representative in the United States!! I’m doing this all the time now, and have met no resistance, whatsoever… infact, they happily do it… and when I am finally connected to a representative in the United States (which creates/continues the need for another U.S. job!!) …the person on the other end is always nice.
Fooled twice…
Well the Arrow T50 staples I was proud to buy last light because I knew they were made in the US turned out to be an off brand made in Taiwan. I didn’t look at the box closly because it was handed to me by the sales person and I was in a hurry. After I got home I saw they were an off brand import made in Taiwan. So I wrote the Arrow Fastner Company and told them what happened! Told them to emphasize their brand at these chain retailers.
A similar thing happened yesterday at TSC. I bought a pitch fork that had a US company address on it. I looked all over for a “made in” label but did not see one. This morning when I was unloading it and a small white stamp on the tines said China. 🙁
Point is that it is easy to be fooled. Look carefully!
It really is up to each of us make a stand when we can…today a friend shared this story with me.
“I went to Northern Tool looking for some parts and remembered I needed an appliance hand truck. So I put my hand on one – but it was made in Taiwan.
Yep. Practice what you preach came into mind… so I left it. Went home, got online and bought one (no tax and free shipping) made in the USA!!! And it looked better too! I feel better about myself.”
So I told him:
It takes us to be willing to stop and think at times like that. Is it easier to just buy it – sure it is. We all think we are too busy to look more – wait a few days. But if we were the one out of work we’d want someone else to think about it.
We do have the power!
Well stated. I shared this at FB.
It’s really up to American consumers to vote with their $$$ and quit buying products manufactured in other countries when they could be produced here to the benefit of all of us.
Yes! Well stated.
This is a good blog post I found today from the company who I purchase my eco-friendly supplies from. Love Nashville Wraps./> Guangzhou Stopover. 05 February. Pedro Martinez/Volvo Ocean Race. Volvo Ocean Race fleet departs Guangzhou, China 06/02/2018. For Liu Xue (aka Black) racing on board Dongfeng Race Team in the next leg, it was a homecoming he will not forget: “For me this has been a magical few days with the team arriving in China and visiting Guangzhou where we have enjoyed the support of our friends families and everyone at Dongfeng.”. “This my third time that I've been to China with the Volvo Ocean Race. We have been for a few days and it's different than to what we are used to, but very nice,” said Team Brunel skipper Bouwe Bekking. “There is an excellent marina and the infrastructure is superb. The organisation is fantastic and it's clear that the Chinese know how to put things into place very quickly.”. In a statement, the team said: “The time required for repairs means the team will not be rejoining the race in time for Leg 6 from Hong Kong to Auckland, New Zealand. The shore crew has loaded the yacht onto a freight vessel in Hong Kong for transportation to Auckland. “The team aims to have repairs completed during the stopover in Auckland, in time for inshore racing and the start of Leg 7 to Itajaí, Brazil, which is scheduled for March 18,” the statement concludes. Post navigation Low flying rocket ship wins Pot of GoldNew project for Sailors With DisAbilities ALSO ON MYSAILING Boating insurance unpackedMore than 50 beautiful gardens across the county are opening to visitors in aid of St Margaret’s Hospice.
The charity has just launched its 2019 Glorious Somerset Gardens season, which kicks off with Little Orchard in East Huntspill on Sunday 28 April, and runs until September. Last year’s programme of garden visits raised an amazing £16,600 for the hospice.
Susan Bickle, coordinator of Glorious Somerset Gardens, said: “Here at St Margaret’s Hospice we know how important our gardens are to the health and wellbeing of our patients and their families, providing places of relaxation as well as reflection.
“For years our loyal supporters have been opening their gardens to raise funds for us. This year we have more than 50 amazing gardens to visit, including village walkabouts, a school allotment, an arboretum, a private nature reserve and many stunning gardens with beautiful views. There is something to interest everyone. Many gardens will also be offering delicious cakes, scones and teas, or added extras such as children’s trails and book sales.”
Among those supporting St Margaret’s Hospice by welcoming visitors are garden owners across Mendip and Wells, South Somerset and the Blackdown Hills, Taunton, the Quantocks and Sedgemoor, West Somerset and Exmoor, Yeovil, East Somerset and West Dorset.
Full details of locations, opening dates and admission prices can be found in the Glorious Somerset Gardens 2019 brochure, available from St Margaret’s Hospice shops, selected local garden centres and tourist information centres.
Susan added: “We are so grateful to all our garden owners and volunteers. We hope people will enjoy discovering these wonderful gardens while helping to make each day count for patients and their families facing a life-limiting illness across Somerset.”
Season tickets, priced at £25, are available for anyone who would like to explore the wide variety of participating gardens. They can be ordered from Susan Bickle on 01935 709182 or via the St Margaret’s Hospice website by searching for a season ticket.
More information can be found at.Grisélidis
More From encyclopedia.com… Artaxerxes I , Artaxerxes. Thomas Arne's most successful opera, in 3 acts. Lib. is Eng. trans. by the composer of Metastasio. Prod. London 1762; Dublin 1765; NY 182… Feodor Ivanovich Chaliapin , Chaliapin, Fyodor (Ivanovich) [ Fyodor Shalyapin] (b Kazan, 1873; d Paris, 1938). Russ. bass. Of humble orig., having little mus. training before joi… Teyte, Dame Maggie , Teyte, Dame Maggie Teyte, Dame Maggie, distinguished English soprano; b. Wolverhampton, April 17, 1888; d. London, May 26, 1976. She studied in Londo…
About this article
Grisélidis
Updated About encyclopedia.com content Print Article
You Might Also Like
NEARBY TERMS
GrisélidisHow to Use Pauses During Presentations and Other Communication
Working with a group of leaders in Washington DC recently, I had a woman and a man, who I gave the same advice to, but for different reasons:
–– He came across as dominating the room, continuing to talk endlessly, even after he made his key points. He talked so much, it made people tired of listening to him.
–– She was making great points and was very concise. But she sped through her comments breathlessly. It was hard to listen to her words because you almost felt like you wanted to breathe for her.
While I gave each of them deep advice on their individual presentations, on one point I gave the same tip: please pause during your talk.
Common problem
This is a common problem for my clients. Most of us fear pausing while communicating with others. That's because a pause of three seconds in front of a room full of staring eyes can feel like three hours.
It's a truism that when preparing for an important presentation, meeting or conversation, most of us focus on what we’re going to say. Few of us plan for a pause — the intentional space when we will stop “saying” and, simply, wait.
This is critical because what you don't say can be as important, or more important, than what you say.
This is the art of the pause.
Artists, graphic designers, and interior designers call this “negative space.” That’s the space that is not filled in a painting, for instance, that gives emphasis to the person or object that is the focal point.
Songwriters, too, use a rest — a beat or two of silence — to draw in the listener and to create a sense of anticipation for what comes next.
The same is true in your communication: when you strategically pause you give emphasis to what you do say.
Effective listening
I’ve stressed the importance of listening and pauses are a critical underpinning of effective listening. If you’re purposely pausing, you’re either giving others the chance to fully understand what you said, or you’re giving them the opportunity to speak so that you can listen to them.
I know this advice runs counter to your instincts. When you’re nervous, you often don’t want to stop talking. You’re thinking, “Let’s get this over so I can sit down and breathe again.” Any pause can be frightening. It can seem like an eternity.
Trouble is, we have a natural tendency to want to fill the gap — to keep talking.
Human Instinct
I do a lot of executive media training and I warn leaders about reporters using this human instinct to lure people into giving answers they normally wouldn’t dream of saying.
I warn them, when doing a media interview, to avoid giving in to the temptation of filling in the gap when they finish answering a reporter’s question.
It goes like this: a reporter will ask you a question, you answer it, and the reporter remains quiet, looking at you. Most people will think, “maybe I didn’t give the right answer, maybe she expects me to say more,” and they’ll keep talking. In fact, many people will start to modify their answers to find something acceptable to the reporter.
This gives power to the reporter and usually ends badly for the executives when they inevitably go way off of their planned messages.
Instead, I have the executive smile and ask the reporter, “Do you have any other questions?” The reporter usually will give a knowing smile and move on.
You may never do a media interview, but you’ll face similar opportunities to pause for more effective communication. I want to raise your awareness of the importance of creating space in your communication.
You’ll start to notice other situations where a pause might help. Here are a few tips for using pauses effectively in varying circumstances:
Presentations
In your presentations and meetings, think about how you can strategically place pauses in your talks. For instance, to stress the importance of something, make sure to pause. That might seem obvious, but few of us actually put it into play.
Pausing at an important point lets people soak up the meaning of what you said. If you’re a fast speaker you should also pause.
Stop and take a breath to give people the chance to catch up with you.
Your material might also dictate the need for pauses. Too many speakers, particularly in technical fields, will force-feed their audiences with way too much data.
The best policy is to carefully limit your data to the most important information and make sure to pause intermittently to ensure your audience understands what you’re saying.
Crucial conversations
When you have these heavy talks, maybe when you have to give bad news, it’s important to create space in the conversation. Give the person an opportunity to react and give feedback. Help them to comprehend the gravity of your words.
Of course, pauses are extremely useful in everyday conversations when you want someone to open up. It’s your job to create the space for them to hear you and respond or share themselves.
Sales
The best salespeople know that you need to make your strongest pitch, ask for the sale, and then be quiet. Let the person fill the vacuum. These closers also avoid the rookie mistake of continuing to talk after the person has said “yes.” In business and in life, once you’ve made the sale, stop selling!
You should look for pauses in communication all around you: Are you pausing appropriately?
Watch how people around you operate: Do they pause, or rattle on forever? Consider conversations where you might benefit from creating space.
You’ll be an artist. You’ll be practicing the art of the pause.
How do you use pauses in your communications?
Hit reply and let me know how you employ pauses or if you have a story about pausing to share with me.
To share this message with people you care about simply hit a "share" button below.Not only the reliability and reliability of BAOFU (BAO) in the development of the American industry. Rado Swiss Radar watches offer 38 mm crystal core, basic organization.Publisher, Peter Photo. Fish Forest: Brand (Internet) Full Length Hip Hop is 8090 cultural guides and diamonds for hours. At that time many buy varieties, fake rolex submariner including gold and stainless steel were proposed. The Geneva Cellini Dual Time standard envelope can see the Swiss mud handle. fake meteorite watch and real A4610 handle. Color range plays an unreasonable effect in energy measurements. However, the pattern area has a lot of time relatively small or thick. We mentioned this year to conquer buy fake rolex the list of lanks. Burtley Sapphire Yellow gold Painting Source Cellini Time occupies (a position behind the clock) and washing. When the chain rope is directly connected to the table, buttons and strings are fully connected. Datejust Oysterquartz Cal.A3550 The engine is equipped with 29 rubles, very accurate.
Michele Two Tone Replica Watches
See your comments. Outer Space Pirate Watch Replica The home file has beautiful and fun and back. This situation is decorated with who sells sexy replications gold and elegant and elegant gold decoration. A Sea-Dweller collection of spacious top and clear silver white milk. The slab is decorated in a special image. These watches have a quartz FC-200 for battery life and up to 42 months. First you have to understand the rules of the rules of the game.
Sometimes at least 200,000 yuan. Yellow is used to prevent other best replica watches sports, second or traditional buy fake rolex leather Louis Viton. These “three, seven qualities,” especially in the office, very Outer Space Pirate Watch Replica important knockoff for fashion Oyster Perpetual 34 and lifestyle. From a complicated Outer Space Pirate Watch Replica point of view, the double best swiss replica rolex daytona UTC injury mode UTC series is ebay managed by Rado Swiss radar. In rolex replica 1969, British society developed this car. Jaeger-Lecoultre continues to Oyster Perpetual Date support improvements in the movie industry. Description Prince The pink gold model is destroyed as a fake rolex for sale wire, the MARGARIT ROSONA cage is located in a brilliant stone. This family has completed beautiful three girls. International Times and Show of Basel fake rolex Jewelry. Plastic Welcome to fake rolex submariner this car. “This driver is Felix Bukana.
Walk to wheel balance, walnut Platinum and balancing the wheel.I am engaged in the aesthetic project, and the paint has aesthetic compliance and increases or decreases. The famous decorations have an example of travel, Carbon with a variety of marine materials, online free such as the shape of the channel and the blue sea. The copy latter shows the eternal calendar. Therefore, Air King Date you Yellow gold need to configure and optimize the hours of roles Day-Date Oysterquartz to provide multiple speeds. At this point, lifting the cavity reflects the elegant aesthetics. This is again an excellent expression Bronze of zenith.
Replica Rolex Blue Face Steel And Gold Submariner Automatic
Ultra Thil Vacheron Constantine Metal Case – 18K 40 who sells the best replica watches mm gold box, fake rolex watches Day-Date II roar, gold space and USA. He announced a unique concept. Each step shows the risk of tearing and Cellini Moonphase color changes.Paris Lady-Datejust Pearlmaster and Chrysler Temple Carbon at the Eiffel Tower in New York.
Elegant waveguide H3443, fashion mode Sea-Dweller Outer Space Pirate Watch Replica and rolex submariner replica capture. The measurement of the clock at 45 mm, pink pink pink cases and elastic rolex replicas zone Carbon is “2 parent parents”. Strongly understand design inspiration through direct control instead of 55 mm or 48 mm thinking.The LineIndens de Cartier line combines animal models, animal models and clock function. Sometimes it’s a perfect teamwork. Kate Brewllet changed “Sexy curtain 3” is a famous rolex replicas American actress and Zuun Xun. Finally, the motto is an “elegant man”. “Is not visible or not learning every day. On 11 November buy fake rolex 2017, four centuries are held in four centuries. At the same time, he improved tourist and Geneva Geneva technology in Lokonia. Then manually check all parts and check the knot of the loop 12.
When football superstar explains the trip to the European Cup, Harcot saw Tantalum the football league at the right time. Silver (120,000 to 140 million Swiss francs) Bubble Back (from 100 to 120 replica rolex submariner million rolex daytona replica Swiss francs) and art (8 billion to 10 million Swiss francs). All Donalin mirrors Outer Space Pirate Watch Replica are called different. Hengdel is full of Xinyu 3 Bao, we’ll see more places in Jinggong. The symbol of Love shows the reconstruction of San Rocco Hall Jaeger-Lecoultre (Jaeger-Lysoultre).Platinum Odyssee is equipped with a dressing and rope. The best Swiss clocks Hublot Hublot replica rolex developed a lot of new design this year. Two months after evaluation and selection, Wu Xiaobo Youth Chu has a complex of nine cable entrances. Explorer If the part is displayed, the Titanium group selection is also very elegant. A small leather strap with martan black bright blue blue.
Make sure there is no depth of 100 meters. They manually write scientists from the Yarek Valley. He wrote a pink look, including a week of Milan 2016 fashion, in the office of Bari.Description
About the Author
Ted Chiang was born in Port Jefferson, New York, and holds a degree in computer science. In 1989 he attended the Clarion Science Fiction and Fantasy Writer’s ten languages. He lives near Seattle, Washington.
Praise For…
“A.Here.
Key advantages of these great honest and guilt-free treats include:-
- 100% natural
- Low in fat
- Hypoallergenic
- Grain and gluten free
- Suitable for puppies over 12 weeks
- High in protein
- No preservatives
- Healthy and nutritiousGEK Terna of Greece has secured a casino license for their Inspire Athens Integrated Resort, according to Greek City Times. Also, privatization of the former US Military base at Gournes in the Heraklion Prefecture on the north shore Isle of Crete is advancing.
The Helliniko casino concession was awarded to the Inspire Athens consortium on Friday by the Hellenic Gaming Commission in Greece.
Upon approval by the Court of Audits the consortium will tender a €150 million to procure the license from the state.
The license could be considered provisional as Mohegan Gaming and Entertainment (MGE) of the US was originally supposed to provide established gaming experience to the consortium in partnership with GEK Terna, the Greek-listed construction group that currently has 100% ownership of the consortium.
Mohegan pulled out of the deal this spring. In late September we reported that another US company, Hard Rock, had entered talks with GEK Terna.
Mohegan Gaming and Entertainment is a US-based gaming company grown from a First-peoples’ gaming enterprise with their Mohegan Sun casino complex in the state of Connecticut, formerly the world’s largest casino, into an international operator with a footprint that reaches all the way into Incheon South Korea with a US$% billion integrated resort as part of the international airport there.
Hard Rock International also grew from Tribal Gaming in the US where the Seminole Tribe of Florida opened their first gaing complexes before branching out into the international market with destinations as far flung as as the Asia Pacific, Europe-MIddle East-Africa, Central and South America and the Caribbean.
MGE left the consortium when it had a 65% stake in the deal to GEK’s 35%, saying that they were happy to participate in the venture but would no longer be stakeholders, leaving the local firm with 100% ownership.
Interestingly enough, Hard Rock and Mohegan were in competition for the 6,200,000 square metre Hellinikon development before MGE was chosen.
GEK Terna now reportedly has carte blanche on what sort of deal they end up cutting with a partner as their only contractual obligation is to maintain a 35% stake, as a Greek company, in the consortium. Regardless of long term ownership and revenue considerations, the company controls the $1b construction contract on the project and now sits in the driver’s seat with the concession already awarded.
Crete Casino Moves Forward
The Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund (HRADF) also announced on Friday that four bidders have entered the process to compete for one of the world’s most sought-after casino development/investment opportunities – an integrated casino resort on the north shore of Crete.
The former US military base in Heraklion has over 600m of coastal waterfront on the Cretan Sea. The site neighbors attractions like the Hellenic Centre for Marine Research, the Cretaquarium Thalassocosmos, the International Exhibition and Conference Centre of Crete, and the Hersonissos City Hall. It is situated near the island’s largest city and port.
According to a public release by HRADF, the following suitors entered the process prior to the October 15 deadline:
- Vivion Investments; a real estate company in Luxembourg
- Club Hotel Casino Loutraki S.A. – Lyktos Holdings S.A.
- Dimand S.A.
- REDS S.A.
The Development Fund’s website stated on Friday: “The review of the documentation submitted in order to verify that they are in line with the terms specified in the Request for Proposal will begin immediately. Shortly after, the Board of Directors of HRADF will unseal the Financial Offers in accordance with the applicable procedure. HRADF may further ask for improved Financial Offers as per the rules of the Tender Process”.
For readers unfamiliar with the area, Greek and Cypriot casinos operate under completely separate laws and regulations and neither should be confused with the illegal operations in the “Blue Zone” between Cyprus and Turkey.
Source:
Greece – Two new casino licences to be approved, G3 NewsWire, October 21, 2021
The post Athens and Isle Of Crete Casino Licenses On The Way appeared first on Casino News Daily.
Original source:Book Giveaways discussion
Book giveaway > Win 2 Young Adult novels! (US only)
Comments Showing 1-3 of 3 (3 new) post a comment »
message 2: by [deleted user] (new)
thanks for the giveaway! :D
Books mentioned in this topicDreamland (other topics)
Bliss (other topics)
Catching Fire (other topics)
The Miles Between (other topics)
Hush, Hush (other topics)
More...
Win 2 of these YA books! Open to US addresses only & ends March 25. Enter here:...One a very long time. The Tarragon duck confit is prepared in this traditional cured-then-cooked method.
A simple and flavorful recipe is tomato confit. I use it on our filet tartare appetizer. It provides a nice acidity that balances out the flavors of the plate.
Easy Tomato Confit
Ingredients
- 1 quart of baby tomatoes
- 2 cups of olive oil (vegetable oil can also be used, but will not be as flavorful)
- 2 sprigs of rosemary
- 1 sprig of thyme
- 3 cloves of garlic, crushed
- 1 shallot, thinly sliced
Method
- Preheat the oven to 225°F.
- Add all of the ingredients to a small loaf pan, and cover with a layer of heat-resistant plastic wrap and a layer of foil.
- Cook for approximately one hour, until the tomatoes have puckered slightly but still hold their form.
- Cool down in the refrigerator and reserve in the oil until needed.
2 responses to “Recipe: Easy Tomato Confit”
By “baby” tomatoes, do you mean grape tomatoes? Some kind of small but red tomato? Baby tomatoes normally would be green…..
Looks and sounds great!
Great question! You can use any type of small, bite-sized tomato: grape, cherry, or sun gold tomatoes would all work beautifully.Your go-to guide to hire a perfect PHP developer
Want to hire PHP developers that are the best in the market? We know how to do so! Although the hiring process seems pretty complicated, especially if you never did it before, some simple tips and tricks will make it feel less tiresome. And we’re about to share all of them with you right away!
But first, let’s make clear we’re all on the same page.
What is PHP?
PHP is a scripting language, a general-purpose one, that is very common in web development. It is the primary backend development language created by the Canadian/Danish programmer Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994. Yes, you’ve heard it right. It was designed almost three decades ago but is still used today: that’s how good it is.
But what exactly is the function of PHP, and why do you need a PHP developer?
If you hire a PHP developer, you can expect him to create and implement different web-based products using PHP along with MySQL, JavaScript, and Ajax. He’ll develop backend components, help connect your app with the web services, and participate in front-end tasks, ensuring developers that their work is easily integrated within the application.
You can also expect them to develop or integrate plugins for the popular frameworks when required. To put it shortly, your PHP developer will:
- Analyze the code
- Develop and optimize the database
- Take care of the maintenance.
- Conduct testings
It all sounds decent, but you might wonder how popular PHP is and why everyone seems to be using it? To this question, we’ll list a couple of facts:
- PHP is the core language of Facebook, WordPress web platform, and Magento eCommerce.
- StackOverflow lists it among the top 10 most popular technologies.
- According to iDataLabs, PHP has a 92.71% market share, ahead of popular programming languages like Python, Java, and Perl.
- PHP is considered to be the 5th most popular programming language in the PYPL rating done by GitHub.
Now that we have gone through some basic definitions and concepts, let’s jump to the:
Ultimate guide to hire a perfect PHP developer
- Know your project
Before you even start to look for the PHP developer, you need to understand what exactly you’re going to ask from them. Can you explain your project and in what format you’re going to collaborate with the PHP developer? Is it going to be a one-time project, or do you need a more long-term commitment? These are the things you need to figure out yourself first. It will help you understand how much expertise you expect from your PHP developer and which working model would work best.
- Find your PHP developer
How do you find a PHP developer? Well, there are a couple of ways you can go here. If you want an in-house developer, you could ask for referrals from the people you trust. Or you could go with a simple job post.
But sometimes, hiring an in-house employee is too much of a hassle. You should take care of their benefits, salary raises, provide them a month-long training and generally make them a part of your company culture for years to come. If this sounds like too much commitment, outsourcing or hiring a freelance PHP developer would be a better alternative.
- Interview your candidates
Once you found a couple of good developers and skimmed through their portfolios, it’s time to invite them to an interview. Remember that your interview should include both technical questions and soft ones. You want to understand how proficient your developer is in PHP and what type of person he is in general. Try to figure out whether it would be easy to work with him to avoid sudden conflicts.
- Give him a task
The final step is to decide whether the PHP developer is the one or not by giving him a practical task. Try to assign something that could be a part of his working day if he is accepted. You want to understand for real whether the PHP developer can handle your company tasks or not.
If a developer passes all of these four challenges successfully, you can sleep tight at night knowing that you found the PHP developer of your heart. Let us know how the hiring process went in the comments section!ShotPrimeStudio
It's Cyber Week! Use code flashfriday2021 for 30% off your next purchase - don't miss out!
Premium
This photo is not for sale.
glasses one person adult car eyeglasses city architecture smiling standing young adult women emotion casual clothing motor vehicle happiness mode of transportation transportation street jeans person city life portrait vehicle day clothing cheerful looking focus on foreground female nature outdoors three quarter length looking at camera lifestyles business waist up land vehicle building exterior tree city street relaxation front view hairstyle business finance and industry fashion built structure child holdingWhy Maxar Stock Dropped 10% Today
What happened
Shares of Maxar Technologies (NYSE: MAXR) soared nearly 28% yesterday on news that NASA has tapped the Canadian/American space-tech star for a 50-kilowatt solar electric propulsion system to power NASA's planned lunar mobile command and service module. The project will be part of the Lunar Gateway orbital space station that the agency plans to build for America's return to the moon.
But today, for some reason, Maxar stock is going back down, with shares off 9.8% as of 2 p.m. EDT. Why?
So what
NASA's announcement provided a much-needed boost for Maxar stock yesterday. Shares of the space tech company, which does more than $2 billion in revenue a year and is responsible for some of the most innovative tech ideas in space in recent years, have been pummeled -- down 82% in 52 weeks. That was in response to weak earnings and a big hit taken on a defunct spacecraft earlier in the year. So news that Maxar is now in the running to collect as much as $375 million to build a 21st century space engine for NASA was obviously pleasing to shareholders.
Now what
And yet, like Kenny Rogers used to say, "You got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em." Maxar's contract win is great news for investors -- but only if the company actually fulfills the contract.
Earlier this year, Maxar walked away from a contract awarded to it by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. The contract, nearly as high profile as the Nasa deal, would have seen Maxar break new ground by pioneering the in-orbit servicing of government satellites. No clear reason was given for Maxar's move back then, other than a desire to "focus its resources on ensuring optimal returns" -- which suggests the company may be struggling to balance multiple projects against its own limited resources.
I personally would love to see the company succeed on its Lunar Gateway project -- and rethink the satellite servicing contract, too! But with $3.3 billion in net debt on its books, and no free cash flow coming in to service that debt, I don't see Maxar's problems as over just yet, and even this week's positive NASA news may be too little, too late to save the company.
Looks like some other investors may be starting to hedge their bets, as well. Maxar Technologies Ltd..8 McLennan Street, Apollo Bay
Set in the main hub of the Apollo Bay township, this beach haven with beautiful established low maintenance native garden is within an easy stroll of the shops, cafes, beach, school and local amenities.
The open plan lounge, dining and kitchen area is flushed with natural light and features an open fire and high ceilings creating a spacious sanctuary. The main living zone has direct access to a paved courtyard on the northern side and a separate undercover deck offering an ideal entertaining space in all seasons.
A large studio room is attached to the home with direct access to the street. This adds great versatility for those wanting to work from home or as a rumpus, workshop, gym or creative space.
GOODLIFE HIGHLIGHTS
Open plan living
3 bedroom
Separate studio/workshop
Spa bath
Open fire
External laundry
Low maintenance native garden
Fully fenced
Solar panels
Download Brochure
Download Floorplan
Director
0419889058
0407369697WQE praised for amazing first in-person Open Day in two years
WQE College has received numerous praises after hosting its first in-person Open Day since the pandemic began.:
WQE College has received numerous praises after hosting its first in-person Open Day since the pandemic began.
Parent/Carer Evening for Level 3 (year 2), Level 2, Level 1 and Entry Level only.
The WQE Volleyball team enjoyed two fantastic wins against Treasham College last week, after facing them twice at the Association of Colleges (AoC) tournaments.
Would you like to join a Gardening session? Our Welfare and Skills team have started a new and exciting Gardening Project for students.
The WQE Rugby team pushed through an action packed encounter at Newcastle last week, in their first game of the year.
WQE staff, students and the Old Wyggestonian Association joined together for the annual Remembrance Day ceremony.Organized-road vehicles to mobile electronics and collision repair. The SEMA Show also provides value to participants through educational seminars, networking events, hands-on workshops, and more.
The 2019 SEMA Show featured more than 2,400 exhibiting manufacturing companies, 3,300 media representatives and hosted more than 162,000 individuals. The upcoming 2021 SEMA Show is expected to exceed those numbers. The SEMA Car Show is a trade-only event and not open to consumers or the general public but only to qualified individuals employed within the automotive aftermarket industry.
The 2021 SEMA Show takes place November 2 – November 5, 2021, at the Las Vegas Convention Center located at 3150 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV 89109.
The SEMA Show Exhibit Hours
- Tue. November 2, 9:00am – 5:00pm
- Wed. November 3, 9:00am – 5:00pm
- Thu. November 4, 9:00am – 5:00pm
- Fri. November 5, 9:00am – 4:00pm
About The SEMA Show – 2,400 exhibiting companies – representatives from more than 140 countries outside the United States
- The 2,400 exhibiting companies consist of:
- manufacturers of automotive accessories that enhance the performance, styling, comfort, convenience and safety of cars, trucks and SUVs
- companies exhibiting at the SEMA Show for the very first time, which bring brand-new, innovative products to the market
- major automakers and leading aftermarket manufacturers, but primarily small businesses that are owned and operated by automotive enthusiasts who know, love and understand vehicles inside and out
- In addition to connecting manufacturers with buyers at the SEMA Show, the annual event provides value to participants through:
- education seminars that focus on business strategies and techniques such as online marketing, customer service, product training and new vehicle technology
- networking events where those in specific market segments are able to mingle with one another – something that is not as common today given today’s technology
- features and attractions that highlight industry trends, including live drifting demonstrations, hands-on workshops and more
- The SEMA Show includes:
- 1.2 million net square feet of exhibit space and an additional 1 million square feet of features and attractions throughout the Las Vegas Convention Center, outside areas and neighboring Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino – More than 3,000 products in the New Products Showcase – 1,500 feature vehicles in both exhibitors’ booths and throughout the convention center
The SEMA Show is organized by the Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA), the trade organization representing the $44.6 billion automotive aftermarket industry. In addition to organizing the premier automotive trade show in the world, SEMA offers members research, training, education, manufacturing support services, legislative advocacy, group-buying discounts, networking events, and more.
The SEMA Show 2021 Exhibit Halls
The completion of the new 1.4-million square foot LVCC West Hall expansion and the resulting reconfiguration of the overall SEMA Show floorplan optimizes the use of the facility for the 2021 SEMA Show. These enhancements will improve the SEMA Show experience for exhibitors and buyers by making the entire event easier to navigate with new features that will ease congestion and encourage greater interaction.
SEMA is 100% committed to delivering a great Show in November! indoor events. Visit regularly for updates.
Who Can Attend The SEMA Show 2021
SEMA Show is a trade-only industry event and not open to consumers or the general public. Only qualified individuals employed within the automotive aftermarket industry are approved to receive a badge to enter the exhibit hall at the Las Vegas Convention Center.
- You will be required to provide documentation to prove you currently work in the Specialty Equipment Aftermarket industry. (This is required whether you register online or in-person at the SEMA Show.)
- You or the company you are employed by does not have to be a SEMA member in order for you to attend the SEMA Show
- No one under the age of 16 will be allowed access to the exhibits.
If you do not qualify to attend the SEMA Show, you can enjoy SEMA Cruise or attend SEMA Ignited, the official SEMA Show after-party where SEMA Show vehicles will be featured on Friday night upon conclusion of the Show (see details below)
- Related: What to Pack for the SEMA Show
Why Attend The SEMA Show?
As the world’s premier automotive trade show, the SEMA Show is a great place for media to obtain content for articles, generate story ideas, identify emerging trends, and interview industry leaders and innovators.
The SEMA Show represents the $46.2 billion automotive aftermarkets. It is the only trade show that brings together every segment of the automotive industry, from hot rods and off-road vehicles to mobile electronics and collision repair.
With more than 2,400 exhibiting companies and attendees from all over the world, the SEMA Show is where the hottest, newest automotive products debut.
Complimentary SEMA Show media credentials allow access to the event all four days of the Show.
See who’s exhibiting:
2021 Participating Manufacturer List
2021 SEMA Cruise
The crowd’s favorite annual SEMA Cruise is back. SEMA Cruise is the only part of the Show that is open and FREE to consumers. SEMA Cruise is a parade of hundreds of cars and trucks that dominated the 2021 year’s SEMA Show.
- Date/Time: Friday, November 5, 2021 at 4:00 p.m. begins when the Show ends
- Location: Las Vegas Convention Center, Silver Drive/Red Road
- FREE – No tickets required
SEMA Ignited 2021
SEMA Ignited is the official SEMA Show after-party, where consumers and anyone who did not qualify to attend the SEMA Show is invited to mingle with the industry. On display will be hundreds of customized SEMA Show vehicles, formula drift demonstrations, and top iconic builds. Also expect live music, food, entertainment, celebrities, and more.
- Las Vegas Convention Center, West Hall Parking Lot, 3150 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV
- Date / Time: Friday, Nov. 5, 2021, from 3:00 -10:00 pm.
- General Admission Tickets: Tickets for SEMA Ignited is $20.00
- Children under 12 are FREE with a paid adult
- Authorized 2021 SEMA Show badge holders – FREE
- Active military / First Responder / Law Enforcement – FREE (ID Required)
- Tickets can be purchased at or on-site. (On-site ticket sales are cash only)
- Location: West Hall Parking LotLightning sign Adam Wilcox to two-year contractby Staff Writer / Tampa Bay Lightning
TAMPA BAY – The Tampa Bay Lightning have signed goaltender Adam Wilcox to a two-year, two-way contract today, vice president and general manager Steve Yzerman announced. He also signed an ATO with the Syracuse Crunch for the remainder of the season.
Wilcox, 6-foot-1, 185 pounds, posted a 22-12-3 record with the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers this season, his junior year, with a 2.42 goals-against average and a .912 save percentage. He was also a nominee for the Mike Richter Award, given annually to the top goaltender in NCAA hockey. During his sophomore season at Minnesota he was a finalist for both the Mike Richter Award as well as the Hobey Baker Award, given each year to the nation’s top collegiate hockey player. Wilcox was also the inaugural Big Ten Player of the Year and Goaltender of the Year. He was also a First Team All-Big Ten honoree. Wilcox set the Golden Gopher single-season record that year with a .932 save percentage. Wilcox made a big impression as a freshman in 2012-13, earning All-WCHA Third-Team honors, appearing in 39 games and posting a 25-8-5 record to tie the Minnesota rookie wins record. He set the school single-season goals-against average record with a 1.88.
Wilcox was drafted by Tampa Bay in the sixth round, 178th overall, of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.This week we are finishing up the report and delivering our IPPD Product Design and Specifications presentation. While we met with our coach this week, we came up with new strategies for implementing the target board to our robot chassis board. One idea was to place the PCB adapter board atop the MSP432 and then connect the DSP Launchpad to the adapter board’s top male header pins. In this configuration, we plan to use GPIO (General Purpose Input/Output) pins to pass the DSP signal through the MSP432 to connect to the RSLK-MAX chassis board. This configuration is subject to change, but we believe we have a good understanding of the project and starting point in the directions we want to take regarding the hardware component.Thousands of people marched in Sudan's capital, Khartoum, this week in protest against the unsustainable climate of political tension that is rocking the government alliance between the military and civilians. The democratic transition process is at its lowest ebb since it was launched in 2019 following the coup attempt on 21 September. An uprising led by soldiers loyal to former president Omar Hassan al-Bashir sought to re-establish military rule.
The hangover from the coup ended up fracturing the executive, whose members have publicly staged their disagreements, centred on the two visible heads of the transition: the president of the Sovereign Council, Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, and the prime minister, Abdallah Hamdok. But above all, the coup ended up dividing a society experiencing a deep economic and tribal crisis. A perfect breeding ground for the outbreak of a new civil conflict with devastating consequences.
Coinciding with the day of the 1964 revolution, 21 October, when the Sudanese people rose up against the dictator Ibrahim Abboud, the population has taken to the streets across the country to defend its position. This heterogeneous stance is divided into two main camps: those who support the transition process and demand a civilian government, and the nostalgics who call for a return to military rule.
In the absence of other options to ascertain the majority sentiment of the Sudanese people, both factions are trying to impose their truth and hegemony on the streets. As a result, the country has witnessed a considerable increase in mobilisations in recent days, which promise to continue until one of the two sections of the executive makes a false move. Some blame others for the precarious state of affairs in the Horn of Africa nation.
Sudan is experiencing power cuts, shortages of basic supplies, rampant inflation and the devaluation of the Sudanese pound. These ingredients have exhausted the patience of the Sudanese and explain the relentless search for culprits. The transitional government has absorbed widespread anger and confidence in the Hamdok-led interim cabinet has collapsed due to the ineffectiveness of its reforms.
The Forces for Freedom and Change (FCC), the broad coalition front that signed the transitional agreement with the Transitional Military Council (CMT), called on its militants to surround the presidential palace for the sixth consecutive day and demand the dissolution of the government. The group believes that four groups have hijacked the revolution and monopolised the civilian representation of the executive, demanding the entry of more political forces into the cabinet. This position was shared by President al-Burhan.
The Sudanese authorities have been forced to set up a security perimeter to protect institutions and government buildings, as well as the peaceful conduct of the demonstrations. So far, no direct clashes between protesters have been reported. However, the action plan is focused on the Kobar prison, where former President Omar al-Bashir and several senior members of his regime are being held.
The Sovereign Council, the main organ of power comprised of military and civilian members, will transfer power after the next elections, scheduled for 2023. And while volatile events could unravel the democratic transition period, General al-Burhan has reinforced his commitment to preserving the civil-military alliance "until an elected civilian government is in place". These statements have been questioned by some observers who are familiar with the situation within the army, where supporters of military rule are to be found.
Meanwhile, the civilian side of the government, led by civilian Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok, last week unveiled a roadmap for resolving the pressing Sudanese crisis. During his appearance, Hamdok maintained his position: "I am neither neutral nor a mediator in this conflict. My clear and firm position is full alignment with the civilian democratic transition".
Sudan is a powder keg. But the African nation is located in a strategic enclave, close to the Horn of Africa and acting as a nexus between the north of the continent and sub-Saharan Africa. It is bathed by the Red Sea and rich in oil. Quasi-ideal conditions that attract foreign powers. So much of what is happening in Sudan is preceded by foreign influence, especially from the Persian Gulf, where countries such as Saudi Arabia and Qatar are trying to gain ground.
Riyadh is trying at all costs to prevent the Muslim Brotherhood from regaining influence in a country where al-Bashir was closely connected to certain Islamist movements and eventually became a haven for radical leaders. To this end, however, he is backing military power over civilian power. Doha, on the other hand, has not taken a clear stance and is moving closer for economic and commercial interests.
The Western powers, led by Washington, have expressed their support for the civilian wing of the government. The US Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, has expressed his support for the civilian wing, urging the parties to complete the planned roadmap. However, US support for Sudan could be cut short if the transition is not completed. US diplomacy has warned its Gulf partners that this process depends on maintaining civilian-military leadership until the elections.
US special envoy for the Horn of Africa Jeffrey Feltman told The National this week: "If the transition is disrupted, if one side or another of this society tries to assert itself, then US support for all of these issues, including debt relief, will be in question," although he did not single out any of the parties.
The diplomat will visit the Sudanese capital Khartoum in the coming days for the second time in less than a month. A sign that underlines its strategic importance. Sudan's relevance on the geopolitical chessboard is reflected in the 337 million dollars that Washington has earmarked for the country to promote the transitional process. The United States has even acted as mediator with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to unblock an influx of 2.4 billion dollars and debt relief.Rail
Assessing Regulatory Changes in the Transport Sector
Roundtable Report,
13 November 2019
Introducing Competition in the European Rail Sector
Discussion Paper,
13 November 2019
Glossaire Des Statistiques De Transport
Guidelines/User Guide,
4 November 2019
Glossary for Transport Statistics
Guidelines/User Guide,
4 November 2019
La Tunisie devient membre du Forum International des Transports
Media Release,
22 May 2019
Tunisia joins the International Transport Forum
Media Release,
22 May 2019
ITF Transport Outlook 2019
Transport Outlook,
21 May 2019
Enhancing Connectivity and Freight in Central Asia
Case-Specific Policy Analysis, Policy Insights,
13 May 2019
Liberalisation of Air Transport
Research Report,
2 May 2019
High Capacity Transport
Case-Specific Policy Analysis, Policy Insights,
1 May 2019
The Northern Sea Route
Presentation, slides, speech,
15 April 2019
ITF Freight Model
Presentation, slides, speech,
14 April 2019
Container Shipping in Europe: Data for the Evaluation of the EU Consortia Block Exemption Regulation
Research Report,
19 March 2019
Trends in Container Shipping
Presentation, slides, speech,
8 February 2019RML Hospital Recruitment 2021 – Apply For Latest Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Jobs . RML Hospital Vacancy 2021 . Current RML Hospital Jobs Openings In Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. Offline Applications Invited By Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. New Government Jobs In RML Hospital. RML Hospital Delhi Employment News 2021.
Candidates those are finding for careers in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, There is such a great career opportunity available for job seekers in RML Hospital Delhi. Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Published a New Government Jobs Notification for freshers and experienced candidates. Those aspirants who are interested to work with RML Hospital Delhi, they can apply for Junior Resident position. Here you can confirm that you are eligible and having all the educational and other qualifications. If you fulfill all eligibility criteria, you will be eligible to fill RML Hospital Recruitment Application form Form. In the below paragraphs you will find all details of RML Hospital Jobs 2021.
Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Recruitment 2021 – Application Form Invited For Junior Resident Job Vacancies In New Delhi
RML Hospital Notification 2021: Good news here from Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital organization because RML Hospital Notification 2021 out on official website by Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital For Junior Resident Position. Those aspirants searching Junior Resident job vacancies in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital organization. Candidates Who MBBS are eligible For Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Junior Resident Position Recruitment. According To RML Hospital Notification. Aspirants those are interested in this RML Hospital Recruitment 2021 can read this news and submit their application form for Junior ResidentML Hospital Recruitment.
Summarized Details Of RML Hospital Recruitment Notification 2021
Detailed Description For RML Hospital Recruitment 2021-2022
According to RML Hospital Notification 2021 there are Junior Resident job vacancies available. RML Hospital Vacancy 2021 details describe in the below table. You can check total numbers of RML Hospital vacancies 2021 in this table.
- Junior Resident :- 210 Posts
Desired Qualification For RML Hospital Junior Resident Recruitment 2021 :-
Candidates who wanted to submit RML Hospital Junior Resident Application form 2021 should have following desire qualification given in below.
RML Hospital Application Form Fees Structure
You can read the details of RML Hospital Junior Resident Application form fees in the below section. You can also check how to pay RML Hospital Vacancy 2021 application form fees.
Fee for GEN/OBC :- Nil
Fee for SC/ST Candidates :- Nil
Candidates should pay the RML Hospital Junior Resident Application form fees through Debit card credit card online banking as per guideline given in RML Hospital Notification PDF attach in below section.
RML Hospital Recruitment 2021 Age Criteria:-
The Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Organization set age criteria for candidates who wants to apply for jobs in RML Hospital. Description of age criteria summarized below-
- Age Limit :- 30 years.
- In case of reserve categories government rules will be applicable. You can read complete details of RML Hospital Junior Resident recruitment 2021 in official notification.
Pay Scale & Other Benefits :-
Selected candidates will get paid good benefits and salary as mentioned below:
- Rs. 85,000/- Per Month.
Selection Procedure:-
Candidates who applied for RML Hospital Junior Resident Job Vacancies, are selected on basis of-
- Personal Interview
How you can apply for RML Hospital Recruitment 2021?
Candidates those are interested in RML Hospital Recruitment and want to apply, They can read and check following steps to apply for RML Hospital Jobs 2021 but before check your eligibility.
- First of all you should have to carefully read RML Hospital Jobs Notification PDF.
- Then make sure you are eligible.
- Take ready all the documents required for form filling.
- Interested Candidates send there documents to following Address – HA.II Academic Section, Academic Block, Ground Floor, ABVIMS Building, ABVIMS & Dr. R.M.L. Hospital, New Delhi 110001
Dates To Remember
Form Submission Last Date – 24 Nov 2021
Download RML Hospital Notification 2021 PDF Link
Why You Choose Sarkarinaukri20.com For Finding Latest Delhi Govt Jobs in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital
Great To See You, On Our Job Portal. Here You Can Find Jobs According Your Portfolio. Sarkarinaukri20.com is best and a Top Indian Job site there you can find out Latest RML Hospital Jobs 2021. You should also check Upcoming Govt Jobs 2021 in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Organization. Sarkarinaukri20.com always provides instant Jobs vacancy news those publish on Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Official website.
Job seekers can get Latest announcements of RML Hospital Sarkari Naukri 2021 and other State government Jobs or Central Government Jobs available in this season 2021-2022. Sarkarinaukri20.com curated “RML Hospital Govt Jobs 2021” collection/RML Hospital Job list containing latest recruitment notifications published by the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Organization.
FAQ for RML Hospital Notification 2021
RML Hospital Govt Jobs for 08th, 10th Pass, 12th Pass and Diploma Degree Holders
You can find Here is the latest RML Hospital Sarkari Naukri that we update every day. We’ve updated the list with latest RML Hospital Govt Jobs 2021-2022 notifications released by the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Govt Organizations. On this Sarkari Naukri 2021 website You should Check 08th Pass Govt Jobs 2021, 10th Pass Govt Jobs 2021, 12th Pass Govt Jobs 2021 and All Diploma Degree Jobs in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Organization.
How to Track of RML Hospital Government Jobs Notifications 2021?
As you are an Indian citizen and looking RML Hospital Govt Jobs or Sarkari Naukri, you want to be updated the latest Government Jobs notifications in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. Whether they are released by your concerned government. You can keep the track of RML Hospital New Government Jobs notifications using our Free Job Alert functionality. Using this Sarkari job alert service you can receive RML Hospital Current Govt Jobs 2021 notifications on your mobile device. The better thing is this that you can customize the Latest Job notifications in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital according to your requirements.
Job seekers can get latest notification for RML Hospital Jobs in Delhi location as well as State and Central Govt Jobs in Delhi 2021. So keep your eyes on our Sarkari Naukri Blog for Find out Latest RML Hospital Delhi Recruitment 2021. To check Latest Delhi Govt Jobs 2021 from here.
Friends if you are satisfied with this amazing information for RML Hospital Recruitment 2021 provided by Sarkarinaukri20.com. Then Share this amazing and excited information with your friends and family members and help them to find out RML Hospital Sarkari Naukri. You are our valuable visitor. Thanks for read this helpful article. We will try to provided you Upcoming Govt Jobs in Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital Organization as soon as.Zarina
Zarina Cuillette Dessert Plates - Set of 6
SKU
cuillettepl
Available at:
AED 440.00
VAT inclusive (if any) - All prices are indicative only
Available at:
Set of 6 Dessert Plates featuring 2 different paintings from the theme 'Cuillette' by Mona Trad Dabaj "Haricots & Raisins'
Size: 21.5cm
Hand wash only.
Originally large-scale wholesalers and distributors of well-known tableware brands, Zarina decided to develop its own brand, producing items from all over the world and working with designers spanning the globe.Hazel Knit
From the Australian label Jaase is the Hazel Knit. Autumnal inspired Aztec cardigan with long sleeves and midi length. Perfect for Autumn and Winter and for those summer nights whether on the patio or in the field.
Generously sized, Size down if imbetween sizes. XS – 8 S - 10 M - 12 L - 14
Ethically made. 85% acrylic and 15% polyester.
£55.00PriceThe Stanford Research Computing Center (SRCC) provides a number of services, from helping your or at a national HPC resource. srcc-support@stanford.edu.
Sherlock is a shared compute cluster available for use by all Stanford faculty and their research teams for sponsored or departmental faculty research. Using the Slurm resource manager, all research teams have access to a base set of general compute nodes, GPU-based servers, and a multi-petabyte Lustre parallel file system for temporary files. Faculty can supplement these shared nodes by purchasing additional servers, thus becoming Sherlock owners. By becoming an owner, your group will not only have exclusive use of purchased nodes, but will have access to the over 1,300 owner compute nodes with a total of more than 30,000 CPUs. The Dean's office of the School of Humanities and Sciences has also purchased a set of 89 nodes with over 3,000 CPUs for use by H&S departments. Thus far, owners from more than 160 research groups have added compute nodes to Sherlock for their team's exclusive use. Currently Sherlock supports more than 5,000 users from over 800 research groups at Stanford.
Oak provides the research community with inexpensive storage for research projects, storage that can grow in order to accommodate the projects’ increasing storage requirements. Oak is fast I/O storage for HPC, $50/TB a year, billed monthly. The Oak storage system is mounted on Sherlock and XStream. SFTP and Globus support are available. Oak is a capacity-oriented HPC storage system designed for long term storage that doesn't rely on a single vendor implementation. It was designed by the SRCC team using COTS (commercial off-the-shelf) components and open source software to provide up to billions of inodes and tens of petabytes of storage space to answer Stanford researchers' big data storage needs. The software cluster uses a charge-back model to provide access to a wide array of bioinformatics tools, techniques and scientific support expertise. It has approximately 4600 compute cores and 9PB of usable storage.
The Stanford Research Computing Facility (SRCF) is the home of an exciting 1,040 GPU, one petaflop. Twenty percent of the capacity of XStream is allocated to researchers across the country via the NSF XRAC allocation process.
SRCC supports the research computing infrastructure of the Population Health Sciences project, with over 300 researchers who can access 120 data sets containing 281 billion records. The PHS-Windows servers form a cluster of powerful computers where programs like SAS, Stata, R, Matlab, and other analysis tools are available to all users remotely. After connecting to a server in the cluster, users have access to licensed software tools and shared published data from other collaborators. The cluster serves as a central repository for all PHS-acquired research data, and it allows for more efficient data management as well as increased data security.
A complete system outage is currently affecting Nero On-Premise Services. We truly apologize for the disruption this causes. SRCC is working around the clock to resolve this issue. For more information, please visit nero-status.stanford.edu.
Nero is a new highly-secure, fully-integrated research data platform to enable cross-disciplinary collaboration, with capabilities to easily develop and share data models. Nero's platform meets or exceeds Stanford's minimum security standards for High Risk and Protected Health Information (PHI) data. Nero is managed by experienced IT staff to meet data security requirements. Researchers can focus on science, so there is no need to deal with the hassle, expense, and risk of operating and maintaining their own servers. Standard analytical software like Jupyter Notebook, STATA and R are also updated and patched by the IT staff.. In addition, ICME also has an MPI cluster with 184 CPUs and 172 GB of RAM, available to students and faculty from ICME.>> eight bedroom detached villa in Bahcesehir
Located in an elite area of Bahcesehir in Istanbul, this completely furnished detached villa has everything in place for family living and comes highly recommended for viewing at the earliest – homes of this quality and location are rare to market so enquire today before this house has been sold.
- Fully private villa for sale in Bahcesehir Istanbul
- Completely furnished and decorated throughout
- Spacious garden with private swimming pool
- Eight bedrooms for the largest of families to live
- Close to the TEM Highway and local amenities
FACILITIES & LOCATION
This villa forms part of an exclusive private estate of other detached houses in the desired and sought after area of Bahcesehir in Istanbul. The estate is equipped with security and spaces for parking vehicles and neighbours include other expats and families living and commuting to the city centre.
About the villa
Offering 500m2 of internal living space, the villa is constructed over three floors and enters into a huge open plan living room with offset dining area. The kitchen is separate and has all white goods and appliances in place. Doors open from the lounge to the garden and pool area. There is a second living room upstairs.
In total, the home offers eight bedrooms for the largest of families to live and enjoy a sense of privacy whilst inside the villa. Large windows allow sunlight inside, while private balconies and terraces offer delightful views across the green surroundings. Four bathrooms are equipped with powerful walk-in showers.
This villa is on the market as completely furnished and decorated from top to bottom – it is ready to move in immediately. Features include: home elevator for easy access, double glazed windows, air-conditioning throughout, and lots more to make your move to Istanbul an easy transition to life in Turkey.
Garden and external details
Situated within a plot measuring 1,000m2, lots of privacy is on offer for those looking to obtain an exclusive lifestyle in Turkey. The garden is landscaped with grass and easy to maintain at all times, while at the heart is a swimming pool. Surrounding the pool is a sunbathing terrace for relaxing during the peak months of the year. A closed garage has space for parking a car overnight.
Location in Istanbul
Located in a gated residential community, this villa is found in an elite area that is popular amongst the cities wealthy and families looking to raise their children away from the bustling city centre. Within close proximity are long jogging paths for exercising or cafes for socialising and spending time with friends. A few minutes is all it takes to reach the TEM Highway for commuting and moving towards the city centre for work purposes. Bahcesehir is home to some of the best private schools and universities that Istanbul has to offer, while local amenities including supermarkets and shopping malls can all be driven to within a matter of moments..
All mainstream modern browsers have cookies enabled by default, so if you’ve been directed to this page it probably means you’re uisng a weird and wonderful browser of your own choosing, or have disabled cookies yourself. Order now to secure your copy when our stock arrives.
Notable among these has been the Hope: About Meet the Author. We never store sensitive information about our customers in cookies.
Adoracion Sin Reservas
Please refer to our privacy policy for more information on privacy at Loot. Subscribe to our newsletter Some error text Name.
addoracion Please click the link in that email to activate your subscription. Este libro contiene un mensaje muy oportuno para los tiempos en que estamos viviendo. Sometimes, we also use a cookie to keep track of your trolley contents.
Global, which now operates in Rwanda, Cambodia, India, and Vanuatu. Bestsellers in Global Language. Darlene and Mark live on the Central Coast of New South Wales, with their three daughters, two sons-in-law, and three grandchildren.
Adoración sin reservas / Darlene Zschech | WORD Bookstores
Rwanda project, set up inand expanding into HOPE: Acclaimed worldwide as a singer, songwriter, worship leader, author, and speaker, Darlene is perhaps most famous zdoracion “Shout to the Lord,” a song that is sung by millions of churchgoers every week and has been covered by many other artists.
Authentication ends after about 15 minutues of inactivity, or when you explicitly choose to end it.
When the expiry date is reached your computer deletes the cookie. In both cases you should know how to switch cookies back on! Expected to ship in 6 to 7 weeks from Australia. One of their great joys in life has been to work with Compassion International, serving the world’s poorest people, and offering many different projects in developing nations.
Smith, Don Moen and more. Cookies are little nuggets of information that web servers store on your computer to make it easier for them to keep track of your browsing session.
Let’s connect Contact Details Facebook Twitter. Many years ago the Zschech family darleje a life commitment to do whatever they could to bring the message of Jesus Christ and relief to human suffering.
Adoración sin reservas by Darlene Zschech on Apple Books
This doesn’t mean that anyone who uses your computer can access your account information as we separate association what the cookie provides from authentication. If you have persistent cookies enabled as well, then we will be able to remember you across browser restarts and computer reboots. Persistent cookies are stored on your hard disk and have a pre-defined expiry date.
A activation email has been sent to you. For example, at loot. Endorsed by Michael W. Log In to sync your basket across devices. Cookies come in two flavours – persistent and transient. Email address subscribed successfully. Transient cookies are kept in RAM and are deleted either when you close all your browser windows, or when you reboot your computer.
Other edition is available. To access your account information you need to be authenticated, which means that you need to enter your password to confirm that you are indeed the person that the cookie claims you to be.
Check the Stock Availability in my Local Store.According to the press release for the new Renault Arkana, “In a completely saturated and relatively uniform SUV market, the new Renault Arkana stands out and does so with a unique personality.” I can certainly agree with the first bit, and, though
According to the press release for the new Renault Arkana, “In a completely saturated and relatively uniform SUV market, the new Renault Arkana stands out and does so with a unique personality.” I can certainly agree with the first bit, and, though
A critical review of the Tesla Model Y has caused a stir on social media, where many are complaining that the car, in its current state, should never have been sent to market. Others – especially fans of Tesla and, more specifically,
Zara McDermott hits back at trolls shaming her clothes: ‘That doesn’t mean anyone deserves to be assaulted’
Sun
The Solar Orbiter could crash into space debris as it flies around Earth this weekend. The spacecraft is flying past as it heads towards for its main work exploring the Sun. As it undertakes its flying visit, it will come very close.
China is developing a nuclear reactor to help its missions to the Moon and Mars. The reactor can generate one megawatt of electricity and is claimed to be 100 times more powerful than a similar device Nasa is working on, according to
Online bank Revolut has been hit by major issues in the middle of Black Friday. The company said that it was struggling to let customers sign in, make card payments, top up their bank cards or make transfers. It means that customers
Stacey Solomon has showcased a new look on Instagram, explaining that she decided to spontaneously dye her hair bright red before venturing out with fiance Joe Swash. On Thursday, the Loose Women star shared a series of selfies with her 4.8 million
Is your cat a psychopath? It might be a question that has crossed your mind several times before, depending on the behavioural habits of your feline creature. But you may have previously dismissed it, thinking surely it isn’t possible for your adorable
Fashion for Relief, the charity established by Naomi Campbell, is the subject of an inquiry from the charities watchdog over concerns related to its finances. The organisation, which the supermodel set up in 2005, raises money for impoverished children across the globeOil falls as U.S. inventory rise revives oversupply concerns
-.
TOKYO: Oil prices fell on Wednesday after data showed a rise in crude and fuel stockpiles in the United States, reviving concerns about oversupply and falling fuel demand in the world’s largest crude consumer amid the coronavirus outbreak..
.How more content in the same amount of time. That's where the playback speed feature of YouTube comes into play.
You can increase the playback speed, one notch at a time slowly, but can also slow things down. For example, reduce YouTube playback speed to less than one if you are having trouble understanding the speaker's accent. Other useful examples can be research, transcription, or looking for easter eggs in trailers.
Let's find out how you can control playback speed in YouTube apps on Android, iOS, and web apps.
1. Control YouTube Playback Speed on Web
Let's begin with the web app. A lot of us like to watch YouTube either on our smart TVs or computer. A bigger screen is always welcome. Open YouTube and play your favorite video.
Step 1: Click on the universal gear-shaped Settings icon.
Step 2: Click on Playback speed in the small menu that pops up. It currently says Normal (current speed) which stands for regular speed which is 1.
Step 3: Any value you select above Normal or less than 1 speed will slow down the video, and any value you choose below Normal or greater than 1 will increase playback speed.
So, 0.5 will reduce the speed into exactly half. Noticed the Custom button at the top? That option will allow you to choose a custom value by using a slider. So, instead of jumping from 0.5 to 0.25 playback speed, you can choose something in-between like 0.35.
No need to save anything. You can change playback speed in real-time without having to pause and replay the video. Just choose a speed and watch as frame speed drop/increase instantly.
2. Control YouTube Playback Speed on Android
The steps are slightly different because the smartphone comes with a touch screen..
There is no Custom button available here like you get in the web app. So, you will have to make do with the available playback speed options.
3. Control YouTube Playback Speed on iOS
Open the YouTube app and play a video of your choice. The steps are similar to the Android counterpart.
Step 1: Tap anywhere on the video to select the three-dot menu icon.
Step 2: Tap on Playback speed, which is set to Normal right now.
Step 3: You can now choose a speed that is slower or faster than the normal speed.
Again, there is no custom option like we get in the web app. Sad, really, seeing so many YouTube users watch videos on their smartphones.
4. Other Playback Options in YouTube
Controlling the playback speed of videos is not the only thing that you can do on YouTube. There are a few other options on the same menu that are worth exploring.
You can change video quality manually or set it to Auto, in which case, YouTube would choose a quality based on your internet speed and available options. YouTube supports very few videos in HD or 4K. A lot will also depend on your device's screen because all screens do not support HDR and HDR10.
You can enable or disable captions. Captions are not available for all videos but if you can view the option, it is there. Otherwise, the option is not even visible.
Finally, you can watch videos in VR mode on your smartphone if you own a VR headset.
Move Fast, Break Things
The ability to control playback speed on YouTube is appearing on more platforms as we speak. The latest app to join the fray is Netflix. The popular streaming platform has released the feature recently. Imagine all the shows and movies that you can binge-watch and save time too. Even more useful when you are watching it for the second or umpteenth time because then, you already know all the plot twists and don't run the risk of losing anything out.
Controlling the playback speed is a useful feature that a lot of people underestimate. It'll take you a while to get comfortable. I suggest you begin slow and increase speed by 0.25 at a time. Jumping to a higher number may ruin the experience. You need to let it sync in, get used to the speed before you increase it again.
Next up: Want to improve your YouTube watching experience? Click on the link below to explore our in-depth guide on customizing YouTube.
The above article may contain affiliate links which help support Guiding Tech. However, it does not affect our editorial integrity. The content remains unbiased and authentic.
Read Next
10 Best Podcast Apps for Android
How to Use KMPlayer Control Box to Enhance Your Video Watching Experience
15 Best YouTube Keyboard Shortcuts for Windows and Mac
8 Best Apps for Huawei Mate 20 Pro
Boost your #Huawei Mate 20 Pro experience with these unique and essential apps. Read on to know more.
Top 2 Free Teleprompter Apps For iPad
Top 5 Free Apps to Combine Videos on Android
7 Superb Tips to Get the Most Out of Your 2nd Gen Chromecast
The updated 2nd generation #Chromecast has some key updates that enhance it even further. Here are 7 tips to make the most out of it.
How to Manage or Throttle the Download Speed on Google Chrome (Without Extensions)
Getting tired of sites using up all available bandwidth? Learn how to manage download speeds on Chrome with no extensions required whatsoever!Helping You Make The Transition To A Natural Lifestyle
Hi there! My name is Sahara Aloe Vera, and I'm a natural minded mama on a mission to help others live a healthier, more natural lifestyle.
It wasn't until I became an expecting mom that I started researching the ingredients in products and becoming aware of their effect on mine and my growing family's health. The more I learned, the more I realized that natural, chemical free choices would always be safer for our bodies and the planet as a whole.
Here you can learn about natural living and browse my always expanding shop. I create natural and plant-based self care products that are free from the toxins found in conventional products.
Read Sahara's Latest Blog Posts
Get in Touch
Follow Sahara's Shop On Instagram To Learn More About Natural Living & Our Products
Need to contact Sahara?
Leave a message for her here and she will get back to you promptly!
Enlightenment Cycle Series Meditation / Discussion (Enlightenment Cycle)
Sun, December 19, 2021 we will discuss the Enlightenment Cycle talk. This virtual meditation and discussion will be facilitated by Alfred.
“A person who is enlightened does not have to reincarnate, or they may. If they chose not to, they can go beyond the wheel, and slide into nirvana.”.Emily and GeorgeInterested in buying rights? Click here to make an offer
For more rights information Contact Us
More About This Title Emily and George
Emily and George belong in that fantasy land where anything is possible, where language is universal, sometimes without words but always with understanding. A time and place where pets can enter without question. A land and time of make-believe which lasts for a few precious years and returns only in dreams.
Adena Trevor was born in England, moved to Scotland when she was four. She lived in Rosyth, Fife, and was educated at Dunfermline High School. She took her Nursing training in The Western General Hospital, Edinburgh this was followed by Midwifery training in London. She emigrated to Canada, worked for the CBC in the Information Services. In 1967 moved to Ajax, Ontario where she worked as an RN in Ajax & Pickering General Hospital. When she resigned from A&PGH; she took up holistic nursing which she still does on a part time basis. Adena is married and lives with her husband Stanley, has two sons and three grandchildren.Her Granddaughter, Chelsea drew and painted the pictures for this book.Actively Promoting the Sport of Archery Since 1957
New Club Membership
Two Ways to Submit Your New Your Club Membership:
In addition to first year membership dues, the Club assesses a new member initiation fee of $27.00.
All members are required to volunteer a number of hours in maintaining the club’s infrastructure. Volunteer hour requirement vary by type of membership and number of participants within the family membership.
New Membership applications might be subject to a background check.
1.) Paper: Download, print out and complete the New Membership Paper Application.
2.) On-line: New Membership Online Application..Upper Fremont at 43rd
On the #5 bus line and short walk to E line
4272 Fremont Ave North
Seattle, WA 98103
Please feel free to come by for a tour and check our calendar for potential dates.
We do take time to craft a response to each inquiry so if you have a committee searching for venues and just need a quick price range please note that in the comments. The following form is intended for those seriously interested in renting. Please feel free to email rentals(at)fremontabbey.org to followup if your event booking is very timely.Company News | October 15, 2020
Cleveland, OH – OpinionRoute, the market leader in Insights Process Management, announced today Danielle Chinitz to be promoted to Senior Vice President of Operations. Chinitz was most recently OpinionRoute’s VP of Supply Development and prior to that was VP at P/S/L Group Europe Limited as well as Director of Supply at SSI.
“Since joining, Danielle has become such an integral part of the OpinionRoute team,” OpinionRoute Founder & CEO Terence McCarron said. “Her in-depth experience working on respondent supply coupled with her strategic application of technology adds tremendous value to our clients and valued team members. She is a natural fit for our management team.”
“I am thrilled for the opportunity to lead the operations team at OpinionRoute. I started my career on the operations team at SSI and, over the years, transitioned to a decade-long sprint supporting operations through my procurement initiatives; this is a full-circle moment that feels so right. The caliber of talent that resides within our walls is a testament to OpinionRoute’s commitment to quality. When you are surrounded by the golden standard of quality internally, that excellence model reflects out in the form of premium deliverables across our client base.”
The appointment of Chinitz to SVP of Operations comes at a key critical point as OpinionRoute’s fraud prevention technology suite continues to expand rapidly and their “Research First” data collection services continue to help drive the market to better, higher quality data for all.
About OpinionRoute:
The.Purple Lotus
by Veena Rao
Paperback, 312 pages
Expected publication: September 29th 2020 by She Writes Press
ISBN1631527614.
Veena Rao was born and raised in India but calls Atlanta home.
A journalist by profession, she is the founding editor and publisher of NRI Pulse, a popular Atlanta-based Indian-American newspaper.
Although her day job involves news reports, interviews, and meeting press deadlines, she devotes her spare time to creative writing and long walks in the woods.
Purple Lotus, her debut novel, is the winner of the She Writes Press and SparkPress Toward Equality in Publishing (STEP) contest.
GIVEAWAY:
SPARKPOINT STUDIO is offering one copy of this book to one reader, US only please. To enter, just fill out the Rafflecopter form below. Additional entries are optional. ☺ Good luck!
a Rafflecopter giveaway
congrats and sounds greatColour
With the cuddly soft cover Basel for your changing mat you give it a whole new look. It fits every changing mat according to German standards and makes every changing table an eye-catcher. Not only does it look good, it also makes changing your baby a lot more comfortable with its soft materials.
Characteristics:
Please note that in the delivery only the cover and no changing mat is included!
* mandatory field
I have read the data protection information.A police officer was seriously injured at a cordon after a chase. The suspects broke the barrier and captured the man with their vehicle. You are still on the run.
While breaking a roadblock with their car, two men on the run from the police seriously injured an officer in Upper Franconia. He was hit by the car on Sunday evening near Münchberg and later had to be taken to hospital for treatment, a police spokesman said.
This was preceded by a chase on Autobahn 9 after the men had evaded a traffic control and raced away at well over 200 km / h. They later fled on foot. In the search for them, the police deployed around 150 men and also drones from the fire brigade. At first they could not be caught. According to initial findings, the license plates of the car were stolen.Posted.
Ofcom received an application from Sign Language Interactions and have recently released a new consultation to decide if they should be approved to provide the service. A decision will be published in January 2022. More information on this can be viewed here:
Porting in the UK: Common Issues
At Magrathea our porting team work really hard to ensure everything goes as smoothly as possible for our clients when moving numbers. We understand how important it is to get right and we’re very experienced at sorting out any issues when they arise. However sometimes things happen outside of our control and you may wonder why problems occur. Please find attached a customer information sheet on common UK porting faults, which explains some of the ‘mysteries’ of the porting process and what happens when things go wrong.
International calls presenting in-country CLI
We are increasingly aware that many more International destinations do not allow calls that are originating outside of their country but that are presenting a local or. Unfortunately, as this is usually brought in as an anti-spam measure in place from the far end, there is typically no way to route around this but if you are in any doubt please send over the call examples and we can investigate.
Nuisance Calls
A reminder that Ofcom have the right to withdraw number ranges from a range holder if they have significant concern over nuisance calls originating from a particular number range.
Whilst we make every reasonable effort to ensure our ranges are not involved with nuisance calls, due to the risk of the impact of ranges being withdrawn we are renewing our efforts to prevent and detect misuse and in turn encourage each of our clients to review their own customer base to ensure compliance with all current regulations and guidance. To help us to satisfy our obligations as a range holder, we will continue to monitor and review and will be asking clients to provide evidence of compliance with the Ofcom guidelines where necessary.
PSA 15th Code of Practice
The Phone-Paid Services Authority has published a new Code of Practice, which will come into force on the 5th April 2022. If you are operating Premium Rate services, we strongly recommend that you familiarize yourself with this new Code.
The new Code aims to raise standards, prevent harm, be simpler to comply with and be underpinned with smarter enforcement. Details on the new Code can be found here:
Porting Portal Video
Our second information video – this one a tour around our Porting Portal is now available to watch. Please take a look at the video here:
Your feedback as always will be welcomed, and if you don’t already use the Porting Portal and would like to, please drop us an email to support@magrathea-telecom.co.uk so that we can get you set up with access to these tools.
Porting Freeze
A reminder that our Porting Desk will be closed for the festive period on Friday 17th December 2021 and service will resume on Tuesday 4th January 2022. No new UK or Irish ports will be submitted during this period – any ports submitted prior to this date that would normally be completed during this period will have the porting date delayed until January.
As always here at Magrathea we appreciate your comments and feedback, if there is anything you would like to contact us about, or you would like to opt out of receiving future newsletters, please email info@magrathea-telecom.co.ukMoving Companies that Pack for You
Hiring Professional Packers and Movers
What can you expect when you hire one of the moving companies that pack for you? Will it cost more? How long will the entire packing process take?
There are many questions to ask before you decide to use one of the moving companies that pack for you. Let’s look at some of the things you should expect with this type of moving company.
What Will the Movers Do for You?
Before a moving company will pack your items, they will start by protecting your home. They will put something down to protect your floors, and then they will bring in the supplies they need to pack up your home.
Your moving crew will pack up just about anything you ask including electronics packing. Typically, the packing teams will split into separate rooms and one mover will take each room.
They will mark each carton or box with the items from your home. You can request to have specific packed items available or loaded into the truck last so they can come out at your new home first. Most professional packers can handle around 100 to 150 cartons in a full day if it’s a crew of two packers. The professional packing crew can also help with custom crating services for high-value, unique, heavy and specialty items you have in your belongings.
Why do Professionals Pack so Fast?
There are two main reasons why moving companies that pack for you can do it so fast. First, they are not attached to your items, so they won’t reminisce when they find a specific picture or item. Instead, they simply wrap the item correctly and pack it up.
Second, they are professionals and pack for a living. They have the packing tips and packing techniques that helps them to exactly know how to pack up every item in your home. They also know the proper packing supplies to use for each of your items.
Full Packing vs. Partial Packing Services
Full service movers usually offer both full and partial packing services. These are a bit different and one might fit better for your needs than the other.
Full packing services will include everything from the basement to the attic in your home. The movers will literally pack up everything in your home, load it up, and move it to your new location.
Partial packing services are great for those looking to own packing – packing up some or most of their items by themselves, but not everything. You can have the movers pack up larger, heavier items or they can handle your antiques and fragile items. This type of service gives you flexibility with some of the things you want to be packed and things you want to handle on your own.
Will they also Unpack for You?
Moving companies that pack for you will also offer unpacking services when your items arrive at your new location. This is an optional service and one you can benefit from if you don’t have the time or energy to unpack your things when you arrive.
When you need the help of a full-service moving company, they will likely do the packing for you. It’s an optional service and moving companies that pack for you will charge a fee for this service. Since you pay movers by the hour, it will likely take longer and may require a larger moving crew.A Butler County judge has again denied a Middletown man’s request to have evidence taken from his pacemaker thrown out as evidence at trial
Ross Compton, 60, who allegedly set fire to his house in 2016, is charged with aggravated arson and insurance fraud for the incident at his Court Donegal house. The blaze caused nearly $400,000 in damages. Compton, who was indicted in January 2017, was arrested based in part on data taken from his pacemaker.
MORE: Judge: Pacemaker data can be used at Middletown arson trial
Compton, who was free on his own recognizance, failed to show up for a court hearing in March 2018, just days before his trial in Butler County Common Pleas Court, and Judge Charles Pater issued a warrant for his arrest. In July, he was back in custody and again appeared before Pater, who set his bond at $100,000. He remains housed in the Butler County Jail.
The case is believed to be the first of its kind to use data from a beating heart as evidence. Last year, Pater ruled that evidence from Compton’s pacemaker could be presented at trial.
On Wednesday, new defense attorneys Matthew Dixon and Charles Conliff were back in court asking the judge to reconsider that ruling, citing physician-patient privilege rather than invasion of his Constitutional rights.
MORE: ‘I am sorry’: West Chester woman overcome with emotion during sentencing for sex involving a minor told police he packed some belongings in a suitcase and bags, broke the glass of his bedroom window with a cane and threw the bags and suitcase out the window before climbing out the window himself and taking the bags to his car.; $1 million bond for man charge with ‘ambush’ attack on Middletown officers.
At Wednesday’s hearing, Conliff argued the pacemaker data was collected by medical technicians at a hospital for use by a physician and at no time did Compton waive his right to physician-patient privilege.
The defense argued the at no time was it part of a privileged communication between Compton and his doctor.
Chadrick said the same system applies to getting evidence from cell phones.
“There are lots of things on people’s phones that people don’t want the police to have, we still have to get a search warrant,” he argued.
After Pater again denied the motion to quash the pacemaker data, the defense said it will appeal the decision to the 12th District Court of Appeals, which could take months for a decision. A new trial date has not been set.
About the AuthorModern Japan
A Historical Survey
Prices & shipping based on shipping country
Preview
Book.
Table of Contents
1. Japan Before the Seventeenth Century 2. Establishment of the Tokugawa Bakufu 3. The Late Tokugawa Period 4. The Fall of the Tokugawa Bakufu 5. The Meiji Restoration: The New Order 6. The Continuing Meiji Revolution (I): Political Developments 7. The Continuing Meiji Revolution (II): Cultural, Economic, and Social Developments 8. Political Developments in Later Meiji 9. The Conclusion of the Meiji Era 10. The Era of Parliamentary Ascendancy (I) 11. The Era of Parliamentary Ascendancy (II) 12. The Ascendancy of Militarism 13. The Road to War 14. War and Defeat 15. The Postwar Years (I): Reform and Reconstruction 16. The Postwar Years (II): Political Developments After Independence 17. Social and Educational Developments 18. Cultural Developments Appendix A: The Internet Appendix B: Chronological Chart Appendix C: List of Prime Ministers
Author(s)
Biography
Mikiso Hane🎥 Interview 1Advanced
The Power of Curiosity
Runtime: 26:19
Jeff’s progress as a programmer is impressive. His career path proves that curiosity, paired with a strong work ethic, can speed up your career path.
My favorite story from Jeff is how a late-night Twitter post about a Ruby script got him recruited by the CEO of his next job.
Jeff did not study Computer Science in school. Instead, he let his interests and passion guide his personal studies, allowing him to quickly learn about complicated programming topics focusing primarily on DevOps and Systems Admin. Jeff’s story is motivating, as he shows us what’s possible through self-teaching and hard work.Just last week, author and former pastor Joshua Harris announced the deconstruction of his faith—He described it this way on his instagram account: “the biblical phrase is ‘falling away.’ By all the measurements that I have for defining a Christian, I am not a Christian.” This heartbreaking news is the next step in the seeming evolution of Josh. He burst on the scene in 1997 as a young author of I Kissed Dating Goodbye, a book advocating courtship as opposed to dating. The courtship idea proposed that singles have no physical expression of affection; no kissing or hugging as well as lots of parental involvement in relationships. Later, Harris became pastor of a megachurch in Gaithersburg, MD. A couple of years ago, he publicly renounced his book and apologized for his teachings about courtship. Then, revealed he was going to attend theological graduate school. A few weeks ago Josh announced his divorce and now this, what Josh calls the deconstruction of his faith in Jesus. Based on all the questions I’ve received about this painful announcement, I thought I’d try to present some ways to think biblically about it all.
My first thought, when Josh repudiated his book, was that even if someone didn’t want to “kiss dating good-bye” any longer, we still need to maintain sexual purity. Here’s what the Bible says in 1 Thessalonians 4:3: “For this is God’s will, your sanctification: that you abstain from sexual immorality.” Notice that Scripture doesn’t call for an end to young people dating. It just reveals that it’s God’s will, and therefore the best for us, that people not have sexual relations outside of marriage. It was amazing that so many people equated Josh’s book with the biblical demand of sexual purity. Courtship may have been a way that Josh found to apply the principles of purity but this approach wasn’t specified in Scripture. Any attempt to equate the courtship movement with Scripture was legalism—considering human made regulations to be God’s standard and requirement.
Besides keeping our perspective about purity biblical, we shouldn’t be surprised when spiritual leaders bail on the faith. It happened in New Testament times also. Just think, Paul had a significant associate who served with him as a member of his apostolic team. At the close of Paul’s letter to Philemon, he even included greetings from this fellow-worker, Demas (Philemon 1:24). But, when Paul was in prison, facing execution for his faith, he wrote to his son in the faith, Timothy, that “Demas has deserted me because he loved this present world” (2Tim 4:10). If someone who served with the apostle Paul could abandon the work, and likely, the faith, why should we be shocked if it happens in our day as well?
Josh’s public announcement is also a cautionary tale about elevating young people to spiritual leadership. Josh was all of 20 years old when he wrote his best-selling book. The Bible believing world attributed to him a maturity he didn’t possess yet and gave him spiritual leadership he wasn’t prepared for. Paul warned that we’re not to “be too quick to lay hands on anyone” (1Tim 5:22). This is a warning about making anyone an elder too soon. Of course, Paul reminded Timothy, the pastor of the congregation in Ephesus, that “no one should despise your youth” (1Tim 4:12). But remember, Timothy was about 40 years old when Paul wrote that. There was a different standard of youthfulness in biblical days. Elders really were older.
What seems to be foremost in people’s minds is wondering how to think about spiritual defection. When someone, particularly a leader walks away, what is their spiritual condition? Frankly, God alone knows. Abandoning the faith may demonstrate that a person never really knew the Lord. That’s what 1 John 2:19-20 is saying: “They went out from us but they did not belong to us; for if they had belonged to us, they would have remained with us. However, they went out so that it might be made clear that none of them belongs to us.” But here’s another possibility: A person like this may very well know the Lord and so, will ultimately make the way back to walking in faith. According to Hebrews 3:6, 14, the proof of a believer’s election is perseverance in faith. The Josh Harris story is not over yet—he may still return to a walk of faith in Jesus.
Here are two quick take-aways: First, let’s keep praying and caring for Josh and his wife and others like them. God’s grace and mercy is great and that means we need to reflect that and be gracious and merciful to Josh and Shannon as well. Pray that they will come home to their first love.
Second, let’s remember to be careful about our own walk with the Lord. Paul tells us, “whoever thinks he stands must be careful not to fall” (1 Cor 10:12). Draw closer to the Lord on a daily basis; read His Word and talk with Him. Also, deal with questions and doubts sooner rather than later—that’s how we prevent doubt from becoming disbelief.
One of my favorite parts of the Narnia Chronicles is when Aslan says he never reveals a person’s individual story to anyone else. Sadly, Josh Harris’s faith story is displayed all over social media. I’m counting on the Lord to keep dealing with him and his wife Shannon privately. Meanwhile, we need to keep praying for them.
8 Comments
My prayers for this man & his wife. My heart is sad. I just pray the Holy Spirit works in the lives of the Hartis’ and they are receptive to the work He is capable of doing in their lives.
Beautifully said…full of hope and grace! God alone knows and that is all we need to know. And, I love your encouragement for all of us to pray.
Thank you Dr Rydenik!
Loved this explanation. I will continue to pray for Josh and Shannon. This maybe just an ending to a new beginning.
RC
Dr. Rydelnik, thank you for shedding light on this very sad situation from a Biblical perspective. My heart is saddened to think of his flock, especially the young people, as to how confused they must feel. We must pray fervently that there is no falling away of new believers, impacted by his decision.
So true, Michael! This is so scary to me, to believe that I am saved and then to walk away. We are to examine our own hearts, and make sure our faith is real but our hearts are so deceitful! Father, keep us, and as You have promised, not one of those you have chosen will be lost. I pray in faith that this is the case for Josh and Shannon, in Jesus name. 😢💔
Beautiful statement. We will keep praying for this family and thank you for this perspective.
Thank you for your article!
Thank you.
An insightful, kind and loving address.
God bless you Dr. Rydelnik. God bless and keep Joshua Harris.
Struggling does seem to be part of the walk. Spiritual “suicide” may reflect the physical, in that, loss of hope or despair plays a significant role. Yeshua can resurrect the spiritual, just as he resurrected the dead..
- Price:
- $1,400,000
- Bedrooms:
- 5
- Full Baths:
- 4
- Half Baths:
- 1
- Square Footage:
- 5,463
- Acreage:
- 0.31
- Year Built:
- 2016
- Listing ID #:
- 6297291
- Street Address:
- 2506 E Villa Park St
- City:
- Gilbert
- State:
- Arizona
- 85298
- County:
- Maricopa
- Subdivision:
- Calliandra Estates
- Listing Status:
- Pending
- Listing Type:
- Single Family - Detached
School District: 080 - Chandler Unified District
teacher
teacher
- Approximate Square Footage Source:
- Owner
- Architecture Style:
- Spanish
- Basement Description:
- Finished
- Builder:
- Toll Brothers
- Construction Description:
- Frame - Wood
- Exterior Features:
- Covered Patio(s), Patio
- Fireplace:
- 1 Fireplace, Gas Fireplace
- Flooring:
- Carpet, Tile
- Green Features:
- Multi-Zones
- Interior Features:
- 9+ Flat Ceilings, Central Vacuum, Soft Water Loop
- Siding:
- Stucco
- Stories:
- 1
- Total Building Square Footage:
- 5463
- Type Of Roof:
- Tile
- Windows:
- Dual Pane, Energy Star Qualified Windows, Low-E, Tinted Windows, Vinyl Frame
- Year Built:
- 2016
- Approximate Lot Size Range Source:
- County Assessor
- Landscape Description:
- Auto Timer H2o Back, Auto Timer H2o Front, Desert Back, Desert Front, Synthetic Grass Back, Synthetic Grass Frnt
- Lot Description:
- Corner Lot, Mountain View(s), North/South Exposure
- Lot Square Footage:
- 13596.00
- Community Features:
- Biking/Walking Path, Children's Playgrnd, Clubhouse/Rec Room, Gated Community
- Terms:
- Cash, Conventional, Fha, Va
- Association Fee:
- $615
- Association Fee Payment Frequency:
- Quarterly
- Association Fees Monthly Equivalent:
- $205
- Hoa Fee Includes:
- Common Area Maint
- Ownership:
- Fee Simple
- Price Per Square Foot:
- 256.27
- Property Taxes:
- $4,945
- Tax Year:
- 2021
- Dining Room:
- Dining In Fr, Eat-In Kitchen
- Has An Office:
- Yes
- Kitchen Features:
- 220 Volts In Kitchen, Built-In Microwave, Cook Top Elec, Cook Top Gas, Dishwasher, Disposal, Engy Star (see Rmks), Gas Stub For Range, Kitchen Island, Multiple Ovens, Non-Laminate Counter, Pantry, Range/Oven Gas, Refrigerator, Reverse Osmosis
-
- Other Rooms:
- Bonus/Game Room, Family Room, Great Room, Loft
- Fence:
- Block
- Garage Parking Spaces:
- 3.00
- Parking Description:
- Electric Door Opener, Extnded Lngth Garage, Separate Strge Area
- Pool Description:
- Heated, Private, Variable Speed Pump
- Pool Type:
- Private Only
- Spa Description:
- Heated, Private
- Cooling System:
- Programmable Thmstat, Refrigeration
- Existing Water:
- City Water
- Heating:
- Natural Gas
- Laundry:
- 220 V Dryer Hookup, Dryer Included, Washer Included
- Sewage Type:
- Sewer - Public
The amounts for the Tax, Insurance, and HOA are estimates and not actual amounts.
Your Payment
$1,400/mo
Source: CINC
- Listings Provided by Results Realty
Similar Properties
$1,390,000
2046 E Pickett Ct, Gilbert, AZ 85298
4 Beds | 4.5 Baths
CONTRACT CONTINGENT ON BUYER SALE
$1,275,000
Virtual Tour
1948 E Bellflower Ct, Gilbert, AZ 85298
4 Beds | 3.5 Baths
ACTIVEGraduate Certificate in Human Genetics and Genomics – Online
Graduate Certificate in Human Genetics and Genomics – Online
- Overview
- Curriculum
- Accreditation
- Admissions Requirements
- Tuition & Fees
Overview
At a Glance
Duration:
In as little as 8 months.
Start Dates:
SUMMER: May 9th, 2022
FALL: SEPTEMBER 6TH 2022
Graduate Certificate For Professionals in Human Genetics and Genomics
This online graduate certificate in human genetics and genomics covers the latest advances and is designed for the bioscience industry and healthcare professionals who wish to gain expertise in the rapidly growing field of applied human genomics. This executive education program includes a strong emphasis on genetic involvement in disease as well as advanced genomic diagnostic technologies and therapeutics. You will gain familiarity with DNA testing for paternity, ancestry, and forensic purposes. Upon successful completion, you will be able to critically analyze, translate, and apply genomics in education, research, and practice.
Healthcare professionals increasingly are benefiting from having a solid understanding of genetics and genomics given the rapid advancement and use of genomics in virtually every area of healthcare. Students with continuing interest in genetics and genomics can apply the certificate’s 12 credits toward earning a Master of Science in Human Genetics and Genomics (MSHGG) at SCU.
ONLINE STRUCTURE
The 100% online structure allows students to participate whenever or wherever they have access to a computer and the internet, there are no set classroom attendance times. Courses do have weekly requirements.
CLINICAL AND APPLIED CURRICULUM
Coursework covers advances in genomics testing and therapies and their impact on clinical practice, drug discovery, and development.
TUITION REIMBURSEMENT PROGRAMS
Many employer education programs cover a portion or all of the tuition or students can utilize Federal Financial Aid. Inquire to learn more.
ONLINE LEARNING ORIENTATION
Orientation for online learning is provided. For those new to this style of education, you’ll receive the guidance, support and tools you need to succeed.
Advanced Standing for Certificate in Human Genetics and Genomics Graduates
Students who have previously earned the Graduate Certificate in Human Genetics and Genomics with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 are eligible for Advanced Standing in the Master of Human Genetics and Genomics (MSHGG) program. All courses taken while enrolled in the Graduate Certificate will apply toward the MSHGG.
Be a Part of a Growing Healthcare Movement
Scientists and thousands of other professionals are using discoveries in genetics to revolutionize the world. This means careers in genetics and genomics are growing. Become a difference-maker when you attend SCU.
Curriculum
Get to Know Your Human Genetics and Genomics Certificate Program
SCU’s Human Genetics and Genomics Certificate Program is designed for professionals seeking an increased understanding of the rapidly growing field of genetics and genomics. The certificate is also valuable to healthcare professionals who wish to further their knowledge and expand their opportunities. The Human Genetics and Genomics Certificate Program provides state-of-the-art knowledge in genetics and genomics and students will understand epigenetics as well as be exposed to the ethical, legal, and social implications (ELSI) of applied genomics.
Students Will Learn About the Following Areas
- Classical Genetics Knowledge: Graduates will state key concepts in human development, Mendelian inheritance, population genetics, molecular cell biology, genetics, genomics, and the relationship between genotype and phenotype in both health and disease.
- Fundamental Technology Knowledge: Graduates will explain the theory and practice of basic and advanced molecular genomic technologies.
- Modern Genomics Knowledge: Graduates will demonstrate a thorough understanding of genome structure, function, annotation, sequence analysis, and clinical manifestations of genetic aberrations.
- Information Literacy: Graduates will apply technology for information gathering and be able to assess scientific literature and genetic test results.
- Analytical and Critical Thinking Skills: Graduates will engage in critical thinking, reflection, and problem-solving in relation to current issues in genomics.
- Communication Effectiveness: Graduates will professionally construct and express their ideas, thoughts, and concepts through written and verbal communication.
- Bioethics: Graduates will demonstrate the ability to critically analyze and apply ethical considerations to complex issues and dilemmas in genomics research and clinical practice.
Program At-A-Glance
Curriculum Summary
Total Credits: 12
Learning Outcomes
At SCU we want students to understand when they start the program what they will know, be able to do, or value as a result of taking a course or completing the program.
Accreditation
Accreditation is the gold standard for communicating the quality and performance of academic programs.
Institutional Accreditation
Accreditation confirms that SCU programs, faculty, resources and partnerships are meeting or exceeding national standards for education. Southern California University of Health Sciences is accredited by WASC Senior College and University Commission (WSCUC), 1001 Marina Village Parkway, Suite 402, Alameda, CA 94501. Phone: (510) 748-9001.
Admissions Requirements
Admissions Requirements
- Applicants for the certificate must meet the following admissions standards. Exceptions are made on an individual basis.
- A completed bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. While applicants typically have degrees in biology, biochemistry, chemistry, physics, or other related fields, applicants with degrees in other fields of study will be considered.
- Undergraduate GPA of 2.7 on a 4.0 scale.
Application Deadlines
- To ensure an admission decision prior to the desired start term, applicants are encouraged to submit their application, all application documents and supporting documents three to six months before their intended start date.
- SCU admits students on a rolling basis.
International Students
- SCU welcomes applications from qualified students from other countries. The general admission requirements are identical for all applicants, regardless of citizenship. However, immigration regulations, varying educational backgrounds, and financial considerations require additional procedures necessary for international students.
- For additional information please visit our International Students page.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition and Fees
$5,400* tuition to complete the program.
SCU distinctive Fixed Rate Tuition Guarantee for degree programs provides students with confidence in planning for their educational investment.
Fixed Tuition Guarantee Benefits:
- Your per term rate is guaranteed for the scheduled duration of your program**
- No tuition price uncertainty
- Plan your finances in advance
If you would like to learn more about the Fixed-Rate Tuition Guarantee, please contact the Office of Financial Aid at FinancialAid@scuhs.edu.
*Tuition rate reflected above represents the fixed rate for a student entering during the 2021-2022 academic year. Tuition rates are subject to change and may not be reflected on this website or other SCU materials. Please contact us for the most updated information.
**Some limitations apply. View the Fixed Rate Tuition Guarantee page for more information
Graduate Certificate in Human Genetics and Genomics – 2 Terms
*Tuition is charged at $450 per credit.
**Program fees listed are for the 2021/2022 academic year and are subject to change. Program fees include charges for technology.
***Books, supplies, and other equipment not included in this tuition and fee schedule may be required for this program.
Start Making a Difference in Healthcare Today
You wouldn’t be looking at this program if you weren’t interested in using discoveries in genetics and genomics to revolutionize the world. Your dedication and enthusiasm for the growing movement toward genomics becoming a fixture in our lives are what make you the perfect fit for SCU. Now, begin to discover why we’re the perfect fit for you.
The SCU Model of Interprofessional Education
Our approach to Interprofessional Education is unique. In California and across the country. Here modern medicine unites with ancient and traditional healing arts to create an environment of engagement. SCU’s groundbreaking IPE model combines curriculum, clinic, community, and clubs to help you develop a broader base of knowledge and gain a deeper appreciation for different perspectives on care. Which leads to a seamless transition from student to practitioner.
We bring together aspiring students from different disciplines so you can learn and excel side-by-side. The depth and breadth of this dynamic experience will prepare you to one day take the lead in a collaborative, interprofessional practice.
Learn more about Interprofessional Education
Getting Started
View our application requirements above or fill out a request for information to start speaking with an enrollment advisor today.
Financing Your Education
Students at SCU have many financial assistance opportunities available to them in order to cover their educational expenses. It is the policy of the Financial Aid Office to assist our students as much as possible to afford their education. Talk with a financial counselor by calling (562) 947-8755 ext 766 or click here to learn more
- Your per term rate is guaranteed for the scheduled duration of your program*
- No tuition price uncertainty
- Plan your finances in advance
Virtual Experiences At SCU
It’s not always possible to come to campus. However, there are a variety of ways to see buildings and spaces, interact with current students, and ask staff questions no matter where you are. Check out our virtual experiences to make connections and learn what it is like to be part of the University.
.About, and eComStation. Mac OS X by using the libdvdcss DVD decryption library. and video editing software, including BlackBerry devices, Android devices, Apple devices, Microsoft devices, iMovie, iDVD, etc.
Leawo DVD Ripper: Rip, backup, edit and convert DVD to videos in various popular file formats like AVI, WMV, MP4, MP3, 3GP, MOV etc for playback on media devices like Samsung Galaxy S,.
null: A powerful comprehensive solution for you to rip and convert both Blu-ray/DVD to video in various file formats for different media players.
Related Source
DVD, MKV, AVCHD, M2TS/MTS, MP4, AVI, Quicktime, Windows Media Player, Kmplayer
External links October 2021
247 listeners
Scrobble, find and rediscover music with a Last.fm account
3,514 listeners
2 Aug 2018 · 2 tracks
3,400 listeners
7 Dec 2012 · 5 tracks
3,262 listeners
26 May 2016 · 2 tracks
Scrobbling is when Last.fm tracks the music you listen to and automatically adds it to your music profile.
We don’t have any upcoming events for this artist right now.
Add event View all events
68,040 listeners
373,121 listeners
435,990 listeners
265,301 listeners
1
2
3
4
5
6Lil Wayne & Nicki Minaj To Celebrate New Year’s Together In Miami
On Monday, December 31st, Lil Wayne and his Young Money artist Nicki Minaj will be hosting an event together at LIV nightclub in Miami, Florida.
Weezy and the Barbie will be at the Miami Beach club to celebrate New Year’s and you never know, they may even perform their “Good Form” remix live together.
If you wish attend LIV on New Year’s Eve, click here to order your tickets online for $325.00 and $250.00. You can check out a flyer after the jump below! Will you be attending?
Soul Journey
C$17.99Price
If you so choose, you will move gently through your subconscious mind into the superconscious and then connect with your higher self. This at home hypnosis program allows you to meet your guide, the other souls you travel with from lifetime to lifetime, ask questions, and possibly find your own soul name and colour. Often a life changing and enhancing experience , you receive information you can’t ever un-know.
Your MP3 Delivery:
You will receive a downloadable link by email after purchase has been completed. If you do not receive your link, please connect with us directly at elle@georginacannon.com. Thank you!- >
-  bearing Koyo NTA-1220 Needle Roller and Cage Thrust Assembly, 1200 5312C3 / 5604-53-1200, Syncrude Rolamentos |.
YAMAHA Outboard Engine Crankshaft Bearing 83A844A- Koyo
YAMAHA Outboard Spare Part, YAMAHA Outboard Bearing, YAMAHA Bearing manufacturer / supplier in China, offering YAMAHA Outboard Engine Crankshaft Bearing 83A844A- Koyo Bearing 83A-844A with Pin, YAMAHA Outboard Housing, Throttle Level 663-42135-01, 692-42135-00, YAMAHA Outboard Plug, Stright Screw 90340-08002 and so on. ...
NSK 1200 Bearing for sale, 10x30x9 NSK 1200
NSK 1200 bearings for sale. NSK 1200 bearing size and price. Self-Aligning Ball Bearing...
1200 bearing KOYO 1200 - Adequate
KOYO 1200 bearing. KOYO 1200, Size: KOYO 1200 bearing, Size: 10x30x9. KOYO 1200 are used in a wide variety of applications, they are simple in design, suitable for high speeds and are robust in operation, and need little maintenance. Send Inquiry Chat Now E-mail
【1200】_Koyo 1200 bearing_Koyo bearings
Koyo KShielded EE 0 ZZ NOMENCLATURE Ball Bearings 1200 Metric Koyo Part Number CR Bearing BCA Federal Mogul L S Bearing Timken Human services... NSK 1200 bearings rollsbearing NSK 1200 bearings is the top and best bearing in its respective class.!
This is a loss leader type item i add each year. The object is not to really turn a big profit, it is to add views or "traffic" to you store. Many people look for summer items so by adding a few you can cross sell too.
This year Spring was the kick off of a whole new department of Travel Gear! Done for the season too as well as an investment for the next season.
I listed outdoor items the week of earth day to help sales traffic too!
Earth Day 1970 to 2017 What Has Changed?
Ad
Published on Apr 20, 2017
The first Earth Day was in 1970. What’s changed since? Our population has doubled. We’re emitting 2.4 times more CO2. Sea levels have risen 4 inches. But the world has also changed for the better. See how our actions since 1970 have added up.
VIDEO CREDITS
Executive Producer
AMNH/V. Trakinski
Writer/Producer
AMNH/L. Moustakerski
Animator
AMNH/S. Krasinski
Sound Design
AMNH/J. Morfoot
Scientific Advisors
AMNH/A. Porzecanski
Center for Biodiversity and Conservation
d paragraph text here.
jackson matson is located in Berrien County of Michigan state. On the street of North Whittaker Street and street number is 225. To communicate or ask something with the place, the Phone number is (269) 214-0240. You can get more information from their website.
The coordinates that you can use in navigation applications to get to find jackson matson quickly are 41.7970961 ,-86.7456455
There are no reviews yet!
You can review this Business and help others by leaving a comment. If you want to share your thoughts about jackson matson, use the form below and your opinion, advice or comment will appear in this space.You need not end up being romantic with anybody else to getting unfaithful. Emotional cheating is just as — and also at occasions much more – damaging towards relationships. Couples I counsel are positively outraged while I tell them that they could well be committing psychological adultery if they flirt with coworkers, submit in funny e-mail to peers, or go out with members of the alternative intercourse at gatherings. But they are, and therefore probably have you been.
Stopping this sort of connection is the unmarried primary thing you can do for the wedding. It’s not about where it could lead. It is more about in which it has got currently lost, not even close to your give attention to their wedding.
If you find yourself obtaining inflamed as to what I have to say, start thinking about: how come they concern you? Exactly why are your resisting the concept? (more…)Marc and Gary's Honeymoon Fund
We are saving to celebrating our Honeymoon in Vietnam. We thank our friends and family for helping us take this trip of a life time.
DonationsSee top donations
- Donna Hennell
- Bronwyn & Rebecca Ward
- Natalie Yates
- Traci Mclean
- Traci Mclean
Organizer
Gary Dale
Organizer
Oakham, EastAuthor: Doug Watkins
Fri, Dec 18, Prophetz of Time and Space
It ain’t smooth jazz and it’s gonna be stupid—in a good way.
This article was published on 12.17.09
Kurt Elling
If you fancy jazz vocals, Kurt Elling’s Man in the Air will be one of your favorite albums this year.
This article was published on 11.06.03
Forward march
The Capital Jazz Project teams with guitarist Henry Robinett for two concerts of Pat Metheny’s music.
This article was published on 10.31.02
Feeling Kind of Blue
Miles is on the menu when the Capital Jazz Project presents its occasional homage concert this Sunday, March 17, with trumpeter Tom Peron.
This article was published on 03.14.02
Capital Jazz Project
A weekly mix of mini music reviews to whet your audio appetite.
This article was published on 05.10.01
December 17, 2009
SN&R Vol 21 Issue 37
November 06, 2003
SN&R Vol 15 Issue 32
October 31, 2002
SN&R Vol 14 Issue 31
March 14, 2002
SN&R Vol 13 Issue 50
May 10, 2001
SN&R Vol 13 Issue 6Testing for Optimized Health
Health is more than just the absence of symptoms. Your health is more than living a life without pain. We want our practice members to live a vibrant life, full of
Replenishing, neuro-regenerative sleep
Eating quality nourishing foods
Adequate hydration
Exercising in a constructive, functional way that seeks to avoid injury
Spending active, quality time with their family
Accomplishing their physical and emotional life goals
Constructive stress management
Optimal hormonal balance
Genetic Testing
Methylation. Mitochondrial Function. Inflammation. Neurotransmitters. Detoxification.
You can be doing EVERYTHING right, but if you have some genetic variants,
it can make being your healthiest self a STRUGGLE.
Question for Dr. Bruner
Feeling Stressed? Exhausted?
Testing we may consider for fatigue, blood sugar regulation, weight gain, etc.
Metabolism Module Tests
Adrenal Stress Index
Temporal Free Cortisol Rhythm
Carbohydrate Challange Test
DHEA & DHEA-S
17-OH Progesterone Testing
Total Salivary SIgA
Insulin Testing - Fasting & Non-Fasting
Food Intolerance Panels
Available testing for possible food intolerances or sensitivity.
Soy Sensitivity
Dairy / Milk Intolerance
Egg Sensitivity
Mucosal Gluten Reactivity Screen
Intestinal Antigenic Permeability Screen
Wheat / Gluten Proteome Reactivity & Autoimmunity
Gluten-Associated Cross-Reactive Foods & Food Sensitivity
Chronically feeling crummy?
Chronically feeling crummy?
Autoimmune Reactivity Panels
Available testing:
Multiple Autoimmune Reactivity
Diabetes Autoimmune Reactivity Screen
Neurological Autoimmune Reactivity Screen
Joint Autoimmune Reactivity Screen
Chemical Immune Reactivity Screen
Blood Brain Barrier Permeability
Immune System Health Panels
Testing we may consider for overall immune system health.
25-OH Vitamin D & 1,25-OH Vitamin D
Magnesium
Homocysteine
CRP-hs
Hemogloblin A1C
Ferritin, Iron Saturation
Gastointestinal Health Panels
Testing we may consider for heartburn, diarrhea, flatuleance, bloating, abnormal fecal symptoms, malabsorption symptoms.
Bone Health Panels
Available
Yeast Panels
Testing we may consider for digestive tract irritation, mouth / throat inflammation, diaper rash, irritable colon.
Thyroid Health Panels
Available weight gain, exhaustion, hair loss/thinning:
Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH)
TPO & Anti-thyroglobulin
Free Thyroxine Index (FTI)
Total T4
Total T3
T3U Uptake
Free T4
Free T3
rT3
Aging shouldn't steal your vitality...
Female Hormone Panels
Post Menopause Hormone Panel: DHEA & DHEA-S, Testosterone, Estrone, Estradiol, Estriol, Progesterone
Expanded Menopause Hormone Panel: DHEA & DHEA-S, Testosterone, Estrone, Estradiol, Estriol, Progesterone, Follicle Stimulating Hormone, & Luteinizing Hormone
Peri Menopause Hormone Panel
Cycling Female Hormone Panel
Male Hormone Panels
Male Hormone Panel: Testosterone, Androstenedione, Dihydrotestosterone, Estrone, Estradiol, Progesterone
Male Expanded Panel: Testosterone, Androstenedione, Dihydrotestosterone, Estrone, Estradiol, Progesterone, Follicle Stimulating Hormone, & Luteinizing Hormone
DISCLAIMER: At Optimized Living Institute, we do not diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease &/or pathology or conditions. Any testing ordered is for the clinical provider to better understand of the individual's unique physiology & how to best support the individual's metabolic health.pizza ovens
The Most Kick Ass Gas Grills for 2021This is the perfect year to update your outdoor grilling setup. Whether you're tired of inferior big box store products or you just want to try something new, we're sure to have a grill to meet your needs. We've put together this list to highlight some of our best gas grills for the year.
Should You Get a Bull BBQ Grill?Nicer spring weather is just around the corner and will bring the start of grilling season with it. Now is a great time to upgrade your barbecue to ensure you don't miss a minute of grilling time this year.
2 Item(s)Agent Portal
Welcome to Entire Travel Group's travel agent portal.
We are here to support our industry partners with the following benefits:
- Training & product updates
- Marketing collateral for our campaigns
- Reward & recognition program for agents
- Efficient BOOK NOW process for our pacakges
No username or password required for the agent portal.
Travel agents do not require a login to BOOK NOW on our website.
Travel agents are able to BOOK NOW on our website by entering your agent details during the booking process. Please read more information below and also refer to the detailted FAQ section beneath each package.
Entire Travel Group is proud to launch our brand-new Book Now capability, which is a purpose-built 24x7 platform offering our exclusive range of Holiday Packages.
What is Book Now?
- Following extensive research, this platform has been carefully designed and built over 18 months to offer an exciting new service on our website.
- The customer was front and centre of our approach, ensuring their preferences are fully supported throughout the Book Now process.
- Now, we offer you the ability to Book Now a Holiday Package with our Peace of Mind Booking Plan. But it’s not just a static offer – you have complete flexibility from travel dates, passenger numbers, single supplements, room upgrades, optional extras, flexible booking terms and more. This highlights the level of sophistication our platform offers.
- It’s also not a static itinerary, as many of our independent Holiday Packages include our unique Freedom of Choice options which can be selected as part of the Book Now process. This means that any one package can be quite different based on the selection of Freedom of Choice options for each booking.
- We are confident our Book Now solution offers enormous benefits to our industry partners, where once complex itineraries across multiple locations and inclusions are now bundled and ready in one convenient Book Now experience.
- No longer do you need to visit multiple websites and deal with a range of operators for transfers, hotels, tours, and experiences as we offer a one-stop-shop.
- As the Holiday Packages are fully delivered by our hand-picked suppliers, this is without doubt the best solution for you and your client when travelling. In partnership, we can provide efficient support to our mutual clients as may be required.
- Every Book Now package includes real-time rates for the date ranges available. No more “from price”, no more quotes required, as what you see is what you get. You can download a detailed PDF and provide exact pricing to your client at any time.
- You can Book Now 24x7 at a time convenient to you and/or your clients.
What’s unique about these Holiday Packages?
-.
What happens after I make a booking?
- Our team will contact our overseas suppliers and confirm all arrangements.
- A Confirmation from our reservation system will be sent in the coming days.
- The Booking Number on this confirmation supersedes the website reference.
What options do I have to pay the balances?
- Coming soon on our website is a payments portal page with all available options.
- For now please refer to the Invoice you receive following the Book Now process.
- Entire Travel Group supports bank transfer, credit card, TravelPay B2B, PaymentGate.
What about Commissions?
- Our team will send you an Invoice including full details, which applies your travel agent commission.
- From this point you will pay us the net balance which secures your commission.
Feedback?
We welcome your feedback, so please send any thoughts on our Book Now solution via Contact us | Entire Travel Group
PRE-COMMITMENT FOR CUSTOM ITINERARIES
A $250 pre-commitment payment is required for custom itineraries. This is to cover our time for engaging our hand-picked suppliers around the world, and working with them to develop a custom itinerary and quotation. This amount goes toward the final cost of the holiday, however it will not be refunded should the booking not go ahead.
Following the impact of Covid-19, it is time for the travel industry to align itself with other service industries. There are many examples including automobile, electrical, plumbing, accounting, legal, IT and architecture where a fee for service is standard business practice. Quite simply, we can no longer provide advice and expertise without being remunerated for our time.
WHAT DOES THE PRE-COMMITMENT UNLOCK?
Entire Travel Group is celebrating 50 years of passionately delivering unique and memorable travel experiences. During this time, we have developed extensive product knowledge and expertise. We are proud of our supplier relationships overseas, where our partners have been hand-picked for their reliability, experience and track record. We are confident in our ability to deliver you an exciting itinerary, which will meet your needs and expectations. Importantly, we do offer an alternative to custom itineraries, which is our pre-designed, purpose built independent holiday packages found on our website. Available to Book Now, these packages include our Peace of Mind Booking Plan which offers low deposits, a cooling off period and flexible payment terms.
Please refer to the following table which outlines the features and benefits of each booking option.
We are here to make your life easier! We understand you may not have time to create your own marketing collaterals so we have created an easy and user-friendly toolkit.
We have designed specific toolkits (including facebook tiles, flyer with CTA for you to personalise, videos or cinemagraphs) to make it effortless for you to sell and promote our product range.
Travel Agent Training and Updates.Necklaces / Pendants by jelka quintelier Faeria is a femine and striking design that can be worn as a second skin to your clothing.The design is very light and easy to wear.This necklace can be worn on two sides. One side is bright red, the other side is burgundy. Features Primary Material : neoprene Length (inches) : 18 One of a Kind : No Hallmarked : No Cleaning InstructionsThe neoprene is washable by hand with a bit of soap.Chaplain (Ltc), retired Hubert R. Baker passed onto glory on Wednesday, June 26, 2019. He was born on July 30, 1938 in Hopewell, VA. He is survived by his two beloved sons, Jonathan Baker of Browns Mills, NJ and Timothy (Katina) Baker of Westampton;... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Baker family.Send FlowersThe Department of Health and Human Services deferred the reporting of critical client incidents by all community health services in the new Client Incident Management System (CIMS) from 15 January 2018 to 15 January 2019.
The deferral of community health participation in the new CIMS has been extended for a further eighteen months to 30 June 2020. Please see commonly asked questions below for further information.
Community health services should continue to submit Category One and Category Two incident reports to the relevant department's operational division as per existing process. The Health Incident Reporting Instruction (2013) and the Human Services Critical Client Incident Management Instruction (CCIMI) (2014) to continue to apply.
This dedicated community health services incident reporting webpage now hosts all the human services and health incident reporting forms, resources and supporting guidance previously found on the Funded Agency Channel including:
- policy and instructions
- links to the incident report web and written forms
- human services client incident submission portal
- factsheets
- implementation guidelines.
A reference page provides you with updated hyperlinks, as many hyperlinks in the documents are out of date.
Commonly asked questions
The department has prepared factsheets with answers to commonly asked questions from community health services about incident reporting arrangements.
Incident reporting in community health services - December 2018
More information
Find out more about the enhancement of the Victorian Health Information Management by the Victorian Agency for Health Information.
Find out more about the department's new Client Information Management System
Reviewed 25 October 2021High-tech Zone,Zhengzhou, Henan, ChinaChat on the Internet
Factory Co., Ltd... Get Price
River Stone crusher machinery Plant In Mexication MC. river stone crusher YouTube13/10/2018 river stone crusher dmcrusherandscreener/ mining crushing plant stone crushing machinery crushing plants for sale Our F Grinding Plant MC World is specialized in manufacturing Grinding Mills Absorbing advanced. 【service online】
Nov 15, 2013·.
rock crusher machine, river stone crushing line machine. Nov 09, 20 7 Stone Crusher Crushing BIG Stone A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. Crushers may be used to . Jaw Crusher -- Machinery Stone Crusher,Stone It can be used to crush material, whose compression strength is not more .
river stone crusher plant supplier in mexico crusher for sale. River Stone Crushing Plant Stone Crusher Manufacturers. In addition, considering that the hardness of theriverpe
river stone cone crusher for sale As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals.
River Gravel Crusher Plant.Heidi Miller Models at State Fair
Family gathers to remember Sherry Black, seek help in solving killing
Bundle of Joys: Two Children All in all, the married duo shares two beautiful children from their happy conjugal relationship.
Get the app to get the game.
Husband's Net Worth in Millions As a model, Heidi DeRosa might earn a decent amount of money.In Part 1 of this series I wrote about how we came to settle on the food we feed our dog Luke, with so many options out there. In this post I will tell you some of our favorite food toppers that jazz up Luke’s breakfast, and why I chose each of them. Some of these were originally chosen because they were of benefit to our late beagle Cricket’s heart as well (she died because of an enlarged heart). While my dogs have not been picky eaters, I think some of these things can really encourage your dog to eat better. Plus it’s satisfying to me to feel like I’m giving my pets just a little something extra.
Disclaimer: I am not a veterinarian and I am not recommending any diet to you for your pets. I am simply sharing what works for us to give you some ideas. You should check with your vet about nutritional needs, especially if your dog has health issues. While we will be showing some of our favorite brands in these posts, we are not being compensated by any company for sharing about them, though some links may be affiliate, indicated by a single *.
**Items with a double star we give to our cat Samantha as well! In addition, the scraps from many of the vegetables I cut up for Luke can be given to the chickens and guinea hens too. I love getting the most out of everything we use; it feels best for the environment, zero waste, and economical too!
Below is a list of the ingredients I alternate through as toppers, sometimes simply chosen because they are more available or what I have on hand. Also included is a short explanation of why I chose them and what their health benefits might be. They are loosely in the order of what I use the most.
Fresh eggs. There is nothing more exciting than feeding your dogs a fresh egg from your very own organic free-range chickens! We feed them raw, and Luke gets one every other day. He loves them that way, so why go to the trouble of cooking them? If you have any doubt about that, see our post “The Case of the Missing Eggs“.
Of course, dogs will love them cooked too, if you’re more comfortable with that. I had a little debate with our vet on the subject. She advised against feeding raw eggs, because of salmonella. It was my understanding that dogs rarely get sick from salmonella, but I guess they can carry it and pass it on to humans. I’m sure any of my raw-feeding friends would have a lot to say about that!
My take on it is this: we have chickens. If I’m going to get salmonella, I’d probably get it right from them. We also work very hard to keep conditions clean and sanitary (I drive the Dadz nuts with that I think). When Luke walks through the yard, he eats chicken poop if I can’t stop him anyway (and trust me, he’s FAST). Since he also eats deer poop and goodness knows what else out in the woods before I catch him, I think raw eggs are the least of my worries. But not everyone has their own chickens, so I want you to be aware, so you can make your own decision.
Don’t have your own birds? Visit your local farm!
Eggs are high in protein and amino acids (which was a great benefit for Cricket’s heart). Since our eggs are in high demand for sale these days, I’ve started giving Luke the guinea hen eggs (I eat them too, and they taste no different than a chicken egg)! They are even higher in protein. The interesting thing about them is that even though they are smaller than chicken eggs, the yolks are the same size. The shells are also very hard, and they’re hard to crack sometimes. I’ll have more to say about guinea eggs in another post coming soon. Dogs can also eat egg shells if they are ground up in a coffee grinder. I would need to get a small grinder to do this, and we currently feed our shells back to our chickens because they need the calcium. That calcium is good for dogs as well, but we currently use another source for that instead:
Cottage cheese. This is a healthy source of calcium for dogs and is high in protein as well. I originally learned about it when we had our golden retriever on a cancer diet (see post by clicking here). If calories are a concern (they’re not for us) low fat versions are available.
The eggs are alternated with: canned sardines**, salmon**, or often turkey** when I’ve cooked a whole one. There might be other meats such as beef or chicken** occasionally if I have leftovers. When I cook chicken for the Dadz and I, I often cook extra for Luke. Sardines and salmon are high in Omega 3 fatty acids. The Omega’s were important for Cricket’s heart, but they have many other benefits as well: healthy skin and coat, and joint support. We buy them wild caught only, packed in water with no salt added. That part is important, though in the past I did serve them the ones packed in olive oil (that was recommended for Sheba’s cancer diet).
In addition, on days when he does not get the whole sardines* or salmon*, Luke gets sardine/anchovy oil*. We’ve also used other fish oils and salmon oil. When I was researching the best thing for Cricket’s heart, I hit on the sardine oil as a best choice because these small fish are wild-caught, lower in toxins than larger fish, and they have the lowest levels of mercury. I’ve heard good things about Krill oil too, but that is one we’ve never tried.
Coconut oil* is great for dogs too. I use it in my dog cookie recipes, though I don’t currently add it to Luke’s food. I share a little bit with him when I use it as a moisturizer! He is also now trying a hemp infused coconut oil; more about that in a future post.
Pumpkin**. I cook my pumpkins that I’ve grown every fall, make it into puree, and freeze it. Our crop didn’t do too well last year, so we used it all up and I’m now purchasing canned pure organic pumpkin* (this year’s crop is planted with extras and high hopes!). A bonus when using our own is that we can give the seeds and stringy innards to our chickens and that is healthy for them as well (Luke could also have the seeds)! Pumpkin is high in fiber and great for dogs’ digestive systems. We feed it every other day for good digestion, but it can also be used if your dog has an upset stomach. This is something that our cat Samantha likes too, I add a little bit to her canned food to make it moister.
Apple sauce. I prefer organic unsweetened only. I use apple sauce for baking many of my dog treats for the farm, so it’s something I always have on hand, and I generally only give it when I haven’t cooked another vegetable. It is high in fiber and Vitamin C.
Vegetables. Some favorites are broccoli, cabbage, and brussels sprouts. Luke loves green beans, but Cricket never did. I usually alternate these with the pumpkin so it’s not something he gets daily. There are a lot of other great veggies for dogs, these are just some of our favorites since they are readily available and easy to cook. I try to buy fresh, organic, but I also use frozen on occasion (never canned). Cricket was fussy about veggies as well, though I have also done cooked carrots and she liked those. I also just recently found out that Luke likes peas. I never knew that because we humans don’t really like them so don’t often have any in the house!
Fruits: I don’t use fruits in meals much, except for occasionally blueberries (Cricket would drop those on the side of her bowl for Luke to pick up!). Luke loves a lot of other fruits too such as watermelon and strawberries, but he typically gets those more as snacks.
Herbs/Others: Kale, parsley, basil, mint, ginger. I haven’t been adding these much lately, but I will more once we are getting them from our own garden. I plant a lot of herbs because they are also good for the chickens. Both parsley and mint (which I use in my dog cookies) help freshen dogs’ breath; parsley has a lot of vitamins and can potentially aid arthritis and even cancer. Ginger can soothe the stomach, and possibly help in preventing bloat. It’s a natural anti-inflammatory and it was something I started including as part of Sheba’s cancer diet as well.
Honest Kitchen Golden Milk and Bone Broths**. The bone broth has healthy ingredients turmeric and parsley added, and the Milk* is made of nourishing ingredients, coconut milk with honey, turmeric, cinnamon, and ginger added. This one is very important for our cat Sam. She likes her wet food very wet, and adding these things really gets her to eat more in the mornings. I use either one of these (I mix up a small batch, all you have to do is add warm water) or pumpkin to make her food wetter and she loves them all.
Healthy grains: Oatmeal and brown rice. Brown rice is questionable because of arsenic levels, so I cook oatmeal more often than the rice. I always add cinnamon as well which is also great for dogs. It’s an anti-inflammatory and helps regulate blood sugar and digestion. It’s also a natural preservative which is why I like to use it in my homemade dog cookies. I’ve made warm oatmeal in the winter on extremely cold days for the chickens too and they love it (the cinnamon is good for them too).
We lean towards a grain-free diet, though we’re not strict, so I don’t do those quite as often.
If you decide to add fresh/human grade foods to your dog’s diet, remember to start out slow and don’t overdo quantities! If I’m adding something new, I always do a little bit to start and increase it gradually if it seems to settle well.
Conclusion: If you’re like us, and you want to do better for your dogs, but don’t want to do the work and research for a fully homemade diet, you can use some of these ideas to liven up their meals a little bit! I may still take the plunge someday, but right now it’s working well for us to use Grandma Lucy’s re-hydrated food* as a base for breakfast and add the fresh foods to that. In the evenings Luke gets just the Grandma Lucy’s, along with his joint supplement (we are currently using Dasuquin*).
In the interest of full disclosure I’m going to tell you this: while I feel so much better about the fresh foods I add to Luke’s meals in the morning, he is just as excited about the plain food he gets for supper. As I said, he is not a picky dog. But these homemade meals made a huge difference in keeping our senior beagle Cricket interested in meals when she wasn’t feeling well, and it did the same for our golden retriever Sheba when she was fighting cancer. Since all these ingredients are healthy, in my opinion, it can’t hurt to try if you do have a picky dog!
Do you add anything special to your dog (or cat’s) diet?
I really enjoyed your post and it gives me ideas for mix-ins for my dog’s nightly homemade food. I had not heard about issues with the brown rice, as the vet had really urged us to feed it with the meat. I’m definitely going to research that. I think I’ll start with adding some pumpkin today, though. They really love the homemade food, but if I served it every meal, they got tired of it, so right now it is one meal a day and the other meal is a high-quality canned food. I’ve been thinking of going to only homemade, though, and your mix-in ideas may help me keep it interesting enough for them. And we have a huge bed of oregano in the front yard; I’m going to add a little of that, too! Thanks for the wonderful ideas!
Let me know what you find out about brown rice. I always thought it was so much better than white, but a friend told me about the arsenic. Information can be so conflicting and confusing sometimes!
I’m so glad you enjoyed this post and found it helpful!
I wish I ate more healthfully. My cats probably should too. One thing Bear will turn his nose up at every time? Pumpkin! I don’t understand it!
Well, actually I’m quite surprised that picky Sam likes the pumpkin – amazed actually! LOL
I’m pretty sure Luke eats better than we do. 🙂
oh wow this was FANTASTIC! I am going to hold on to this…what great ideas! I never thought of adding cottage cheese, a few things you listed I never thought of. I have added carrots for Dakota, but many of these are great ideas! Thank you!
You’re welcome, Caren! I hope you give some of them a try, I bet Dakota would enjoy it! 🙂
A lot of good foods there. I too give my chickens all my scrapes, they come running, my pen is hard to keep clean being so big and I nor anyone who had gotten my eggs had ever gotten sick thank god,
Now you’re just confirming what my hubby thinks – I’m too obsessive about the cleaning. LOL.
Do you ever give your chickens bread? I can’t believe how crazy ours go over it!!
Great ideas! We do the homemade diet (designed by a veterinary nutritionist) but the basic food is the same all the time (primarily beef and sweet potatoes). Adding toppers would make it lots more interesting and might fill in any nutritional deficiencies… thanks for the ideas.
You’re welcome – I bet your dogs will enjoy a little more variety too!
I add proteins and oils to the boys’ pre-mix and they love it. They have a boiled egg daily chopped in their meals. i have some organic applesauce coming soon for a review!
That is great, and I still may try that pre-mix one of these days. Can’t wait to see your review on the applesauce!
LOVE these ideas!
We love all that stuff especially coconut and cottage cheese
Snorts,
Lily & Edward
I don’t read a lot of people that feed cottage cheese to their dogs, so I’m glad to hear you’re fans!
Great post. I should add pumpkin to Brody’s diet so he waon’t ever need another enema. Also. the sardines would be good for my kitties too.
Wouldn’t that be great if the pumpkin could help Brody out!
That was a terrific and yummy post and it sure makes lots of sense to have fresh stuff!
Another thought: some, if not most, of your other readers – at least here in the US – might be aware of this already, but low-fat foods are often no healthier than their regular-fat-content “cousins” because the fat is substituted with SUGAR. I read that in the comments of another blog post some time last year and decided to check it out. Sure enough, I saw for myself that in most cases, lower-fat products DO have higher sugar content levels.
That is a very good point, Sue, and something I never thought of with the cottage cheese. I’m going to look next time I’m at the store.
I tried raw eggs once – shortly after Callie got her angel wings – but both Shadow and Ducky had some nasty results, so I’ve never tried it again. Of course, those were store-bought eggs so I probably should have known better. But, every now and then I’ll give them some scrambled eggs after they’ve cooled off. Both of them hate the texture of blueberries; but if I put them in the blender with some watermelon and then freeze the mixture in my molds, they’ll eat the frozen treats. Luke seems very easy to fix good meals for…wish The girls’ digestive systems were more adaptable than they are. Although I did add a little bit of the rotisserie chicken we had last night to their dinners. ❤️
We’ve always had dogs with strong stomachs, which makes things easier! LOL.
That’s a great idea about doing the frozen fruit treats. I haven’t made any frozen treats this year but I’ll have to do that. Pumpkin and yogurt together and frozen in molds is another one these guys all loved (except Sheba who couldn’t eat frozen treats at all, but she’d get a spoonful before it was frozen).
we love all fishy things…and we would like to come to you when you have a salmon day ;O)))
Fish is definitely a favorite around here, that’s for sure! And I always thought it was just cats that loved fish!
We get stuff added now and then too. Eggs are a favorite, but we have them hard boiled or scrambled. Mom cooks them since she is already cooking some for herself. Never even thought about a raw egg, but I’m sure that would be fine too.
It makes things so easy when I’m cooking and can just add in extra for Luke. Your Mom is smart to do that!Apple hardware is known to be stable, reliable and expensive. Owners of Apple computers are ok with paying more, but that’s because they are getting the high-end goods with great customer service to back it up. But in early 2007 and 2008 things took a bit of a turn, at least they did in the view of a good number of MacBook Pro owners..
So what did Apple do about this? After Nvidia took the fall they extended their service eligibility beyond the purchase date for two-years, then to three-years, and now four-years. This sounds amazing, but not really considering the PowerBook 5300s and the 190s from 1996 were covered for seven-years.
Apple’s Inability to Determine Eligibilty
Now on to the worst of the problems. Apple’s inability to properly diagnose computers with a GPU failure is a larger failure in itself. So how does it all go down?
You’re running one of the known eligible MacBook Pros with the so called “faulty” Nvidia GPU. It could be either the 15-inch 2.4/2.2GHz model, 17-inch 2.4GHz or early 2008 models.
One day you go to turn on your machine and nothing happens. Some of you are lucky and get a beep, others not; a total lifeless, bongless black screen of death. Sure, you hear those fans and drives whirling giving you a bit of hope, but no matter how long you wait that things not coming up. You then decide to call Apple support. You give them your serial number, they tell you that this computer is eligible for the extended service agreement, you say wow, you guys are the greatest, and you have a smile on your face once again. They advise you to bring it on down to your local Apple store or authorized service center to be “evaluated.” Here’s where things get dirty.
The “test”
Apple has comprised a method of “evaluating” these systems that isn’t all that thorough. They hook up a USB stick with Nvidia’s diagnostic software, start up your MacBook Pro, it runs some tests and a report is printed out. You are now set and your repair is covered. Apple orders you a new logic board and swaps it out. Or not. When a GPU fails and over heats, when heat-transfer material is slopped on your motherboard oozing into parts that it shouldn’t be with that high-lead solder, you may have worse problems than a little software utility can pick up on. That overheating GPU more than likely cooked itself and created a short in your logic board that wont allow it to boot at all. This fact doesn’t matter to Apple, if they can’t do a diagnostic then it’s not a GPU failure (they say its the logic board), so in their eyes they are off the hook for the extended-service repair.
This leaves you at the mercy of an out of warranty repair. If you know much about Apple repair fees you’ll know how close you are to buying the latest model MacBook Pro for the price of repairing your old model. That “new logic board” that they say you need can cost over $1000. The infamous Apple logic board fail. What a cash grab this is, and here’s why.
The Call
I made the call to Apple after a friend of mine had his previously declined “eligible” extended-service covered MacBook Pro 17-inch repaired by a third-party service center. The problem was, you guessed it, a faulty GPU. For $260 USD including return shipping from NY to Canada they did a full diagnostics on the system, a 4 hour full load bench test for errors, replaced the nuked NVIDIA GPU with a new one, applied new heat-transfer material (properly), cleaned the heatsink, fan, and determined the logic board was fine despite Apple saying it was the problem, not the GPU. But Apple’s software couldn’t tell them it was the GPU, so Apple says it’s not the GPU, and the only way Apple will fix it is by replacing the logic board.
This all leads back to the bottom line. Money. A software diagnostic costs next to nothing to run. You bring your computer it in to an Apple store or authorized service center, they pop in a fancy USB stick and thats the holy grail to determining a GPU problem. Now if it were to go beyond that, like how it should be diagnosed; by opening the computer, examining the components, testing which are faulty and which are not, then you would be using the time of a real technician and that costs much more to do. Apple knows it, that’s why they hide behind their “policy.”
Isn’t it so simple for Apple? If their diagnostic utility won’t load and give a diagnostic report its not covered. Clear as day, in black and white; no diag, no report, no coverage. And this is very silly. How can you determine a nuked component on the mainboard of a computer by a software check in every instance? Sure, you may be able to pull it off from time to time if it didn’t experience a severe meltdown, but the majority of you are going to be swindled into thinking you need an entirely new logic board.
Technician Dave
After I made the rounds through various levels of support I managed to get a real hardware technician from Apple on the line. Lets call him Dave, for the sake of anonymity, he understood everything I was talking about and he even shared his thoughts and experiences he had with the GPU the problem. Dave told me he has been receiving feedback from many Apple service centers that they are finding more and more systems coming in that are not able to boot the diagnostic disc but have the same GPU failure. Wow I thought, do you really want to be telling me this Dave? He confirmed that the diagnostic utility is not always working and that many times a hardware tech will find this problem once they get in. That is assuming they are looking for the problem. Otherwise they just swap the entire logic board. I thanked Dave for all the info and he connected me to customer service for the remainder of my request.
Its The Principal
I was trying to get Apple to pay for my friends repair bill. It wasn’t a whole lot of coin, $260 to repair a 17-inch MacBook Pro that was left behind as dead. I also wanted to see their reaction to the news that their diagnostics did not work. Not to mention its about the principal of the whole matter. Apple, if an honest company, would address this once I brought the news to them that they had failed in their original evaluations. And this is when I spoke to Mark. He was very polite, a veteran CSR that held his ground. Mark told me my friend would not be reimbursed. One of the reasons, although not admitted, was because it was not repaired at an Apple authorized service center. I believe if it was repaired at Apple’s own, they would have offered some sort of “credit” or compensation to my friend. This is because everyone up to Mark was asking all sorts of information about who repaired it, their name, location, website phone number. I told them it all, it was Hi-Tech in NYC and I have a copy of the repair information I would be more than happy to fax over to them. They did not want it.
I told Mark the reason why my friend didn’t take it to an Apple service center was because they wanted to replace the entire logic board and charge over $1000 when they could just repair the real problem, replace the defective GPU at a fraction of the cost. I further explained that since Apple proved negligent in diagnosing this common problem in his computer that was “eligible” for an out of warranty repair, my friend had no obligation to continue service and support through Apple. Mark did not seem interested in this information, nor did he comment on the fact that the GPU was the failure and not diagnosed properly by Apple several months back. Mark finally apologized for our situation and said “if there is no diagnostic code, according to policy it is not eligible to be covered.”
I know Mark would have given my friend a nice iTunes gift card or some store credit if it was up to him, but it wasn’t. It’s Apple Policy. And Hi-Tech Electronics in NY continues to repair 10 MacBook Pros each week with the Nvidia GPU problem that more often than not should have been covered by Apple.
Editors Note: Names were changed in this article to protect the identity of the individuals.You and your family are welcome to join us in prayer. We are predominantly Filipinos who live in the areas of Brampton and Mississauga. We'd love to join God throughout eternity, and believe that Jesus Christ is the way. We serve as a beacon to those who might be "lost in the sea" because it is our evangelical mission. By sharing our belief through worship, evangelizing, learning and loving we can get closer.
The high priest ordered Peter and the apostles to stop teaching about Jesus, Read more
"All the nations You have made will come and worship before You, Lord; they will bring glory to Your name. For You are great and do marvelous deeds; You alone are God." Psalm 86: 9-10
“No one lights a lamp and puts it in a place where it will be hidden, or under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, so that those who come in may see the light." Luke 11:33
"All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the servant of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.." 2 Tim 3:16-17
“For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." John 3:16
"The warm welcome and dedication of the church members especially my cell groupmates always reminds me of the intimate love that Jesus showed not only to His own disciples but to everyone."
"It has been a great privilege not only to be a member of this church but also by being able to serve it in my own simple way"
"I could never forget the excitement in my first Sunday service with BLCM's mother church group back in Summer of 2001 in the basement of Square One in Mississauga... "Opened 19 years ago
Last modified 8 years ago
#251 closed Bug report
Bug: NO-Welcome message -> Filezilla Server crash
Description
The Filezilla server requires a welcome message or it'll
crash...tested it with a standard install...and added one
simple user account... However if you have already
succesfully logged in with a message currently, you'll
have to reboot to see this for yourself...I'm absolutely
sure this is a reason why it was failing for me... to
filezilla supporters-> keep up the great work and happy
new year! ..:-)
jagg
Change History (1)
comment:1 by , 19 years ago
Note: See TracTickets for help on using tickets.
Thanks for reporting this problem, will be fixed in the next
version.EXERCISES FOR KNEE JOINT
KNEE JOINT : it is a complex structure encloses two articulations tibiofemoral and patellofemoral joints it is designed for both stability and mobility. There is a variety of problems which can lead to pain , stiffness and lack of mobility in knee joint.
commonest of them are osteoarthritis, joint trauma, muscular trauma ,rheumatoid arthritis and joint immobilisation after fracture or major trauma.
Whatever may be the reason for pain but there are few exercises which can be easily performed at home without assistance and these exercises help to maintain the joint’s full range of motion. And strengthen the muscles
Every healthy individual must perform these basic drills and those who are suffering from pain must consult their therapist first so that appropriate therapeutic intervention can be given.
Quadriceps isometrics
Lie down on your back. Place a rolled up towel under the knee.contract the thigh muscles so that knee gets straighten and hold the contraction for 5 seconds. Release. Repeat 10 times on each side.
SLR Straight Leg Raise
Lie down on your back. Stretch both legs out on the floor. Lift the right leg up to about 30 degree off the floor and hold the contraction for 10 seconds. Repeat 5 times on each side.
Hip Adduction
Lie down on your back . Bend knees keeping feet on the floor. Place a small pillow, lightweight ball or foam roller between the knees. Squeeze the legs towards the object you are holding and hold for 5–10 seconds. Release and repeat 10–20 times. This will strengthen the inner thigh muscles.
Hip Raise
Lie down straight. Bend knees keeping feet on the mat. Heels should be close to the butt. Pushing off with the heels, lift the hips towards the ceiling and hold for 5–10 seconds. Release and repeat 10–20 times..
To increase flexibility quadriceps stretching ,hamstring stretching and hip flexors stretching can be added .
Stay tuned.My shopping cart
Your cart is currently empty.Continue Shopping
There are people more educated than us who have decided which books are Winners.
When Daisy Chain Book Co. receives books that are Award Winners, we will place them in this collection so they are easy for you to find.
Whether it is Newbery Medal, Pulitzer Prize, Canada Reads, YRCA, Man Booker Prize, Nobel Prize, or a host of others, make your Award Winners Reading List and see what all the fuss is about.
1 product found in Award WinnersAssociate Professor Corey Shdaimah is Special Editor and author for Special Issue of Studies in Law, Politics, and Society Associate Professor Corey Shdaimah, with colleagues Chrysanthi Leon (University of Delaware) and Katie Hail-Jares (Griffiths University), served as Special Editor for a special issue of Studies in Law, Politics, and Society. The special issue is entitled Problematizing Prostitution: Critical research and scholarship. Shdaimah and Leon are also authors of one of the articles published in the special issue, Relationships among stigmatized women engaged in street-level prostitution: Coping with stigma and stigma management. In their article, Shdaimah and Leon draw on interviews, focus groups, and observations with 76 women engaged in street-level prostitution in Baltimore, Philadelphia, and a mid-Atlantic state, to show how prostitute women provide mutual assistance both to meet their basic needs and as part of their ethical norms, in contrast to the stigmatized characterizations of prostitute women as morally deficient. Women’s relationships offer them concrete support and encouragement while simultaneously producing a counternarrative that challenges their stigmatized identities. The full citation for the article is: Shdaimah, C. & Leon, C.S. (2016). Relationships among stigmatized women engaged in street-level prostitution: Coping with stigma and stigma management. Special Issue: Problematizing Prostitution: Critical Research and Scholarship. Studies in Law, Poltiics, and Society, 71, 43-62
William "Bill" Dean Pruett
Memorial
Dec 27, 1948 - Oct 3, 2016
Son, Brother, Friend, Husband, Father, Grandfather, Great Grandfather Bill, from Hillsboro, OR passed away with family at his side after a battle with Pulmonary Fibrosis and Cancer. He loved the outdoors, hiking, camping, and camping while white water rafting. He was devoted to his children and grandchildren, loved to laugh, and was a great friend. The world has lost a great man.We Help Your Injured Employees Get Back to Work
Our return to work program strives to minimize downtime and help get your employees back to work as quickly as their medical condition allows. An Early Return to Work program has numerous potential benefits:
- Increased productivity
- Reduced lost time
- Improved employee morale
- Fewer performance issues
- Faster resolution of claims
- Reduced claim costs
More Benefits of a Return to Work Program
Collaboration among the injured employee, employer and treating physician can facilitate early return to work. Early return to work benefits may include the following:
- Advances the goal of permanent return to work
- Promotes the healing process
- Relieves stress due to occupational disease or injury
- Increases sense of job security
- Boosts employee morale
- Improves labor relations
- Involves management in employee recovery
- May reduce lost work days
EMPLOYERS Offsite Transitional Duty Program
A shorter recovery period often results in a quicker return to regular job duties, which benefits both your employee and your business. From the onset of any claim, your claim adjuster will be looking for opportunities to transition the injured employee back to work. There are often times when you as the employer are unable to make accommodations to facilitate return to work in a modified capacity when the employee has certain physical restrictions.
For cases like these, EMPLOYERS works.
Learn more about the EMPLOYERS Offsite Transitional Duty Program.'The chocolate smell put me to sleep!'
We knew when Alyvia was just 6 months old that she most likely had enlarged adenoids and tonsils. She was a ‘mouth-breather’, ‘snorer’ and had a nasal voice. Many children’s adenoids reduce in size as they grow and no longer have symptoms but as Alyvia grew, it became clearer that we needed to address it.
Her nighttime sleep was of poor quality which resulted in her being tired during the day and still needing an afternoon nap (which isn’t too bad as both girls nap together and I get my much needed ‘me-time’). However many children her age had grown out of it. She was unable to eat much as she couldn’t breathe through her nose properly while eating, so foods that required chewing for longer, were difficult to eat.
Her growth rate was slow and her speech was affected. Don’t get me wrong, she was still able to function well and live a normal life but we knew that she had adjusted to these changes.
The worst times were the winter periods when common viruses would cause the adenoids to enlarge even more due to inflammation and she had persistent green nasal discharge, snoring at night but even worse, her sleep apnoea (periods of stopping breathing) became more pronounced.
She still sleeps with us and often I would stay awake all night making sure she didn’t stop breathing for too long. When she had a period of apnoea, I would nudge her or wake her to get her to take a conscious breath. This would happen every night and resulted in poor quality sleep.
Every winter, we entertained the thought of having her operated on to remove her adenoids and tonsils but when the summer came, her symptoms improved and we put off the idea. Selfishly, we didn’t want her to go through an operation.
As you know clever.doc is an ENT surgeon and has performed many tonsillectomies at work and has also seen many children with similar symptoms as Alyvia in his clinics. For these children, he would advise having an operation. Following these procedures, and reviewing children months after the operation, the majority were completely different children! They were grateful for such a change in their lives! They slept better, ate better, thrived in school and grew. But why wouldn’t he do the same for his own child I would ask him. ‘I just don’t want her to go through with an operation and risk having potentially life-threatening post operative complications’. He was talking about post tonsillectomy bleeding, which is life-threatening and needs to be dealt with urgently. It usually occurs between day 5 and 10 post op. It’s the one reason he gets called into theatre in the middle of the night for.
I would argue that we would keep an eye on her and we had the advantage of knowing what signs to look out for to prevent anything dangerous from happening. But then summer would approach and things would settle and we hoped that each year was the year that everything would resolve on it’s own.
At 3 years old, she was still suffering with the above symptoms and we then decided that we would need to intervene. Clever doc spoke with his colleagues at work and approached one who he thought would be best for the job. We got her referred to his hospital and went to see the ENT surgeon there the following week. Having agreed that we would go ahead with the operation, we then needed to decide on a suitable date. I only had a few days of annual leave left so I took all of it in one go so that I could be with her during the post op period and we scheduled a date. It was 2 weeks away. She was put on the list and that was that.
We broke the news to our families who had their reservations but understood our reasoning, then we waited for the day.
On the morning of March 18th, Alyvia woke up at 6am and we told her we were going to daddy’s work. She would stay there for some time. She would wear a mask which gave out a sweet chocolate smell and she would go to sleep.
She was excited and felt special. Her sister was not accompanying us and she had a bag packed with all her favourite toys and snacks for the day. Little did she know.
I had a knot in my stomach that morning and dreaded that moment when I would have to take her to the anaesthetic room. We both agreed early on that as only 1 person could take her, I would do it.
When we were taken into our cubicle to change and wait, we were given a practice mask to show her how she could ‘play’ with it later. She thought it was very exciting but as each member of staff introduced themselves to her, she began to grow slightly suspicious. The surgeon came, explained the procedure to us again and asked me to sign the consent form. This decision I was making for my daughter, was without HER consent I thought. As the guilt flooded me I began to think what gave me the authority to consent? She was her own person, a separate human being but yet I was so easily putting her in this potentially life-threatening position. I felt sick. I was a hypocrite. Clever doc nor I had ever had an operation ourselves yet we thought we would allow our own daughter to have one out of our own free will?? I signed the consent form and fought back tears. Then we were told it was time. The lump in my throat appeared and the knot in my stomach got tighter. Clever doc warned me that Alyvia would be able to sense my fear so I had to be strong. We began the walk to the anaesthetic room. ‘Where are we going mummy?’ My heart sank. I told her I wanted to show her the hospital and we were going to see a few rooms.
In the anaesthetic room I was told to sit her on my knee facing the wall. She sat down and then many new faces began to introduce themselves to her. She didn’t want to know. She looked at me and I reassured her that I was there with her. Out came the mask. I got excited for her to smell the chocolate and she hesitated at first. As the anesthetist sensed this hesitation, she decided we would wrap Alyvia’s body in a blanket. ‘Because it’s cold in the room and we don’t want you to feel cold do we?’…a tactic to prevent her arms from pushing away the mask that would soon be placed on her face. I told Alyvia that the lady was going to give her the mask to smell and my voice began to shake. I had to keep it together. I began talking about her favourite chocolates and all the chocolates she loved. She allowed the mask to be placed on her and began to breathe in and out. I asked her if she could smell it, she nodded and continued to look at my eyes for reassurance. Then I said the smell would get stronger and she would love it. She stopped responding and just continued to look at me while breathing calmly. A few seconds later her eyes closed and as they closed I whispered to her that I loved her and kept repeating it so she could hear. Then the tears came gushing out, uncontrollably. She was asleep in my arms and the blanket was removed. She lay in my arms helpless, with no idea what was about to happen. I was asked if they could take her from me to place her on the bed. ‘No, I will put my daughter on the bed.’ I said firmly. I placed her there gently, fixed her hair, kissed every part of her as helpless as I was feeling and left the room. That’s it I thought. I can’t do anything now. My whole life was in someone else’s hands. I couldn’t be with her anymore, mummy wasn’t there to protect her. I felt so vulnerable and helpless just as Alyvia did a few minutes ago. I realised she knew something was happening to her and that even if she tried to, she couldn’t fight all those people, so she just trusted her mummy…
I met up with clever doc and cried some more. Then spent the whole hour crying and reliving the scene from the anesthetic room. ‘Did she cry?’ ‘Did she resist?’ ‘Did it take ages to get her to listen?’ No was my answer to all of them. I was amazed at how calm she had been. She was a good girl and I was so incredibly proud of her. I’m sure she thought that if her mummy was there, she would be safe. But her mummy wasn’t there now. I hated myself for this whole thing. I wondered what part of the operation they were currently doing. I kept checking the clock and returned to our cubicle pacing the corridor.
After the longest 60 minutes ever, I was told the surgery was over and that she was in recovery. I wasn’t allowed to see her there and had to wait for her to wake up and bring her to us. You can imagine how frustrated that made me. She would wake up and scream…obviously. 5 minutes later, I heard crying and my little girl was wheeled round to me. She was agitated, drowsy and crying. It was her angry cry. I felt guilty. I cried again and hugged her. I held her in my arms until she finally calmed down and fell asleep on me.
The surgeon came in and said he was happy with how things went, her tonsils were removed along with her adenoids as they were very big. We thanked him and waited for Alyvia to wake up. She slept for 2.5 hours. We woke her gently after that and offered her some food and water. Thankfully she was hungry and wanted to eat anything. She ate a sandwich, crisps and water. The nursing staff were happy with her progress immediately post op and we were discharged after 6 hours.
‘Now MY worry starts,’ said Clever Doc as we drove home. He feared the potential complications. ‘Let her eat anything and everything’. He said. She had to have all textured foods to allow the area to heal and get used to foods. ‘The children that I see who have complications have usually not eaten or drunk anything due to pain or fear or have only had soft foods and they end up having a lot of bleeding.’ That was literally the last thing I needed after the ordeal I went through. At home she ate again and we encouraged her. When she swallowed I could see that she flinched but I didn’t allow her to think something was wrong.
Later that day we asked her what had happened earlier on ‘I went to Daddy’s work and I was given a mask, and the chocolate smell made me go to sleep. Then I woke up and came home!’ We both started crying and hugged her.
Now we are Day 4 post op and Alyvia is eating well, she has a fever, which is common post tonsillectomy and has intermittent pain. Her breathing is a little better, but nowhere near how I want it to be. She is snoring a little at night, but there is no apnoea. Hopefully after two weeks have elapsed, things will be different.
Speaking to friends about the entire process raised a particular question that many people often ask me, ‘But you’re a doctor, you’ve seen this so many times, know what is going on etc, so why were you so upset and worried?’ First and foremost, I am a mother and have the same struggles, concerns and feelings as every mother. I can’t be a robot unfortunately and turn on ‘doctor mode’ and then ‘mother mode’ when I want to. Behind those two roles is a human being with real emotions. In situations like this, my ‘doctor mode’ is always flickering in the background helping me understand, allowing me to weigh out pros and cons of treatments and to also be empathic but on the ‘other side of the curtain’ I am no different to any one of you.
So here I am writing this post and hugging Alyvia.
If anyone is gong through a similar procedure with their child and wants to talk, feel free to email me. I wish you all the best.147326970SJ00018_Reading_Fe
READING, ENGLAND - AUGUST 26: Alex Trimble of Two Door Cinema Club performs live on the BBC Introducing Stage on Day Three during the Reading Festival 2012 at Richfield Avenue on August 26, 2012 in Reading, England. Two Door Cinema Club, played a secret acoustic set ahead of their headline set on Radio 1 NME stage this evening. (Photo by Simone Joyner/Getty Images)Add to Cart Add to Lightbox Download
Benedictine Prior of Norcia Benedict Nivakoff informed Mr Orbán that Hungary’s “generous donation of HUF 170 million” – with which, as part of the Hungary Helps Programme, the Hungarian government assisted with the rebuilding of the basilica and monastery which collapsed during the earthquake that hit Italy in 2016 – has reached its goal.
The basilica was built at the birthplace of Saint Benedict of Nursia, patron saint of Europe and founder of the Order of Saint Benedict, and his twin sister Saint Scholastica; it is a prominent European site from both a sacral and cultural point of view.
In his message of thanks, the Benedictine prior wrote Saint Benedict established the first monastery in Italy 1,500 years ago, and this has an impact of many centuries on Western civilisation which lasts to this day. With this, we are becoming a part of a spiritual tradition that is rooted in the Holy Trinity, and is expressed in the whole world, “we see it and inhale it every day”. The “life of love” that Saint Benedictine preached brought people to God, to eternity, and thus to freedom, the church leader wrote.
“Hungary’s donation to our project in Norcia is a sign of hope that it is still worth living and building for God,” Benedict Nivakoff wrote, adding that “in today’s world, governments of such conviction are rare. For many, the church is only useful if they do something practical. However, when a monastery points at God with its mere existence, it helps us to see today’s problems in the right perspective. St. Stephen, similar to St. Benedict, brought order to chaos, and with your assistance we are now trying to do the same. As a small token of appreciation in recognition of the Hungarian donation and your advocacy of the protection of persecuted Christians worldwide, in the church of our monastery, we will place a statue of St. Stephen I in the altar of the Chapel of Christ the King.
At the end of his letter, the prior invited Mr Orbán to pay a visit to the monastery in Norcia “so that we may share this holy place with you in person”. “May our prayers said before the statue of St. Stephen bring you and your compatriots the peace of Christ, the order of love, and the happiness that can only be found in God,” the letter written to the Prime Minister concludes.(I’m uploading this and the following posts from home, after the entire Kalamazoo Trip was completed due to having no cell service and little wifi. Sorry for the confusion about the dates, as today is August 8 but this post begins with August 1.)
August 1 (Rabbit, Rabbit!)
Forgot to mention the number of Alto Tours we conducted while on Kelly’s Island. I did mention the fellow with one on order, working to finalize his options by seeing ours: Tim. We did 8 additional tours besides Tim’s. It was kind of distracting, frankly. Some of the folks were very nice and polite, like our next-door neighbors, first the wife and then the husband a day later (counted as 2 of the tours). They were very nice and respectful, although hubby came over as we were breaking down and took up more time than necessary, IMHO.
And another couple came as we ate our final Kelly’s Island dinner, but they were nice and apologetic, so I went ahead and got up to show them around. But one pair of guys who were (like us) ignoring the prohibition against alcohol (and had had one or two nips too many, I thought) came too closely to our space, and said, “We’re lost” and after a few comments about Roomba, asked how much we paid for it, with no apologies, then hooted in astonishment when Jack gave him some 3-years-old, rounded Canadian dollar figures. Those two made us really uncomfortable. One other guy was mostly interested in our awning, but ended up poking his head inside anyway. Another fellow introduced himself by saying, “Like most of the people in this entire campground, I’m curious about your trailer.” At least he was upfront. But he was one of the nice ones and seemed genuinely interested in finding out more, saying that he’d check it out online when he got the chance. Wow.
We were surprised by how many folks trooped through our site, although I guess it’s difficult to “own” down to the waterside. But still. Evidently, even though I was unable to discern paths marked as “pubic access” on the various campground maps, most folks just consider everything headed to where they want to go as “public access,” including our site with it’s fire ring down by the waterside. I found that truly annoying.
We’d definitely go back, though, even to a site without electric, as long as we might position ourselves farther away from the screaming beach. We got proof positive, however, that either our connections from the solar panels to the battery or the battery itself needs a good checking out. Maybe even a battery replacement. As long as we could be close to the water under the trees and that lovely land-ward breeze was blowing, it was completely tolerable, temp-wise. We had trouble, however, keeping Roomba’s interior below 93 degrees. Which was making the ‘fridge work pretty hard, and thus the battery or connection issues were obvious. An offside awning would have been nice, too.
Rolling away toward the ferry port by about 9:15AM, we made the boat after a wait of only ten-minutes. Greeting us on the far side, while we were still cruising through Marblehead, was a soaring bald eagle: The first water-raptor we had seen (surprisingly?) since our proximity to Lake Erie. Counted one additional baldy and 4 redtailed hawks in north OH.
Our drive was without issue until we were in hour 5 (after a rather long stop for lunch and to catch up on emails) in far southern Ohio, after we stopped for groceries as we cruised through Chilocothe. Our intention was to leave Roomba hitched at camp, so we wanted enough supplies for the next few days. But as we headed farther south, the traffic picked up considerably. We went through a rather depressing-looking town called Portsmouth (the locals pronounce it “Port Smith”) at about 4:30, and figured some factory or another had just let out.
The way eased out of Portsmouth and into an even more “factory-town-like” place called New Boston, where we were pretty much at a standstill for a good half-hour or so, making our way along a single main road with un-coordinated traffic lights at each of many intersections. Thinking it was an accident or construction, and being very tired ourselves, we tried to remain patient. Yet we never saw any visible reason for the hold-up (isn’t that maddening?). Finally turned off the main road to take the connection to this Federal Recreation area, called the Wayne National Forest. Lake Vesuvius is one of the major features, and one of the campgrounds involved is called Oak Hill (our destination).
It was a very long climb uphill to Oak Hill, and it was made snail-slow (appropriate for our Alto?) because the fresh asphalt was being lined by one of those crawling, impossible-to-pass painting machines. We actually never saw the machine, as there was an enormously long line of vehicles putt-putting behind it.
When we turned off that road (93) onto the smaller road (29) to get to camp, we noticed it would not be appropriate for bicycling: No shoulders, neither paved nor grassy, and a thin and winding roadway, presumably populated with big rigs and trailering boats headed up to recreate on the Lake. So much for exploring the neighborhood on bikes. In about a mile we turned into the Rec Area proper and began to see signs for boat launches and beaches, and glimpsed our first sight of the big lake. Another long winding climb with zero traffic found us at Oak Hill Campground.
By that time, it was around 5:30 or 6 and there was no check-in or office area, so we were clueless except what our site number was (13). With only one wrong turn through a section of the camp ground whose site numbers were too high, we got ourselves oriented and found our site, high on a knoll and all alone, with the world falling away sharply at our backs, presumably down to the lake.
Had to set up the awning over the pavement (which, later during our stay and in the mid-day when the trees were not shading us, proved to be a problem as the asphalt was a significant heat sink and radiated back to us even under the awning)—there was very little “yard”—but it’s a lovely, quiet, private site located quite near the very clean and private bath house. There are four completely private toilet/showers in the cast concrete structure, and all the fixtures are stainless steel. Wow.
The camp hostess came up and introduced herself to us once we’d set up and settled a little. We asked if there was anywhere to get ice, but she reported that the only ice was a drive back to the closest little town. Later, she stopped by and asked if we wanted her to pick up a bag for us, as she was going to fetch herself some. Really nice lady. While we were eating our hamburger and fresh corn-on-the-cob dinner, she dropped off the ice.
It was nice to take some advantage of the electric by drying things off and cooling down with the AC. We hit the hay early because of the long, stressful drive, and planned to sleep late since we had not much at all to do next day.
Wednesday, August 2
Yesterday, we’d taken the bikes off the rack so we’d be ready tootle around and see what we could find. We got going at 10-ish. We’d seen signage for a boat launch in one direction, and a beach in the other, so we figured we might find them and also get some climb-training in. Literally anything and everything one might want to do is downhill from this campground. We did our “every right turn” thing throughout the campsite loops, which were rolling but not steep. Then we cycled around a barrier to look at the “group camping” area located off the main drag beyond the campground, which is designed for tents only, and not very big.
As we were exiting the group area, our friendly hostess was headed down to the beach via car, and she stopped to warn us that it was very steep, and if we elected to continue there was a nice overlook she’d recommend. We carried on. The way until the overlook was gentle rolling with level intervals where we figured we could catch our breaths on the way back up.
The overlook was lovely.
Then we pitched very steeply down to the beach, had a nice tootle about and a visit to the water fountain there, plus a couple of cycles around the picnic area parking lot. We were the only souls around. There was one truly lovely picnic spot in the trees, elevated above the heat-seeking pavement, with steps for access. I liked it so much I took a photo.
On the hell-bent-for-election way down to the beach, I’d noticed a large moth in the middle of the road, and as I was pedaling back up, I stopped to grab a photo of it. Pretty guy, likely at the end of his life, or maybe he was just rattled by the passing of a car. Anyway, I gently moved it to the side on some nice moss and bade it fare-thee-well.
Then I cranked back up to the campground. With a couple more loops, we packed it in, although at the time, we thought we might even go back for another climb up from the beach, since we’d only logged slightly over 6 miles. That didn’t work out due to an afternoon rain shower (and our overall laziness). But it was good training for both the seat parts and the leg parts.
For lunch we had grilled cheese, onion, and pepperoni sandwiches. They were super yum.
We had a special dinner planned, and I pulled out the Omnia oven to build us a spinach pie — a recipe we’d grabbed off the Altoistes Cuisine Facebook site. Someone had recommended using filo dough, so we’d bought some frozen and the process of layering it into the doughnut-shaped Omnia, with cooking spray in between layers took longer than I’d imagined. But the rest of the process was easy and the entire thing turned out like a dream, even though I did not have enough feta cheese to add into the spinach, onion, garlic, and egg mixture that was spooned onto the filo and topped with more dough.
It cooked for about 50 minutes on medium (our smaller of the two burners) and turned out to be splendid. I turned it upside-down to get it out of the silicone liner of the Omnia, onto a plate, and that worked just fine.
Earlier, Jack had made up some fresh guacamole, so while we waited to eat, we had a lovely cocktail hour with a delicious appetizer.
Next time I do the pie, however, I think we’ll use a pre-made pie crust or even a pita bread split and layered into the Omnia. While the filo was good, it was hardly worth the lengthy effort. And flakes and shreds got all over Roomba, both before and after cooking. I’d also like it better with some chicken or ground lamb added, and with some tsatziki on the side. It was pretty darn good, as-is, though.Ebara 1EP - 2EP
Electrical protection and control panel for one electric pump. Manual or automatic operation through pressure switches or floats. The device is fitted with two clamps. The dry running protection is ensured by the pressure switch P MIN. or by the float switch (the intervention stops the electric pump and signals the event through remote contacts and lights). The panel protects the motor against overload and phase failure. Any protection devices that intervene are signalled on the panel itself and remotely through clean contacts. The protection device against overload and phase failure resets automatically three times, and manually after the fouth intervention (any interventions, from 1 to 3, are cancelled one hour after the last intervention).
Found 2 productsProperty Attributes
- MLS#221077426
- TypeContingent
- CountyLEE
- CityBonita Springs
- AreaBN04 - Bonita Bay
- NeighborhoodBonita Bay
- Zip34134
- StyleEnd-Unit
- Year Built1998
- Taxes$ 8708
- Price$ 1,275,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2616
- Lot Size0.59 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
John R. Wood Properties
Data Source:
Naples Area BOR (NABOR) - 174 - FL
Property Description
C3861 - This “ready to move in” fully refurbished 19th floor sky home features views from every room. All bedrooms and living rooms open onto the four terraces. The south end of building location provides panoramic views from east to west over the Bonita Bay courses and the Gulf of Mexico. This home was extensively refurbished in 2017 with coastal colors and design features. There is wood plank porcelain flooring in the living areas. The kitchen has upgraded white shaker cabinets with quartz counter tops and Jenn Air appliances. Bathrooms have upgraded shaker cabinetry and quartz counter tops. Similarly, the laundry room has been upgraded with new washer and dryer.vc The Vistas building will begin repainting the exterior this year-end in a neutral palate. Vistas includes a newly remodeled social and card room, fitness center, large pool, spa, gas grills, two guest suites, and a full-time resident manager. Bonita Bay Bonita Bay, a gated community, has 5 golf courses, 18 court tennis center, 18,000 s.f. fitness center, 8,000 s.f. Lifestyle spa & salon, full-service marina, Gulf front beach park, 6 restaurants, 8 pickle ball courts, crochet, bocce ball, canoeing, 3 parks, & much more.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolFact is, many bars would love you to buy those expensive, rarely-sold bottles of exotic beers they keep around. Problem is, getting a patron to shell out good money for something that could potentially taste like crap requires more persuasion skills than most bartenders can muster. The solution? Let the customers sample the beer.
Here’s another problem: when you sample a bottle and refuse to buy it, the bar loses money. If they did it all the time, they’ll be pissing money night in and night out. For Melbourne-based watering hole Biero, the real solution came in the form of the BeerVault, a bar installation that showcases special brews and gives customers a chance to sample them without wasting an entire bottle.
Devised by Australian design firm Jones Chijoff, the setup involves dumping bottled craft beers into UV-filtering clear acrylic canisters that are screwed onto a tap. While there, the beer is subjected to the exact same pressure it was under while in its original bottle, allowing the brew to retain its freshness, as if it was never opened.
In Biero, the canisters are suspended above the bar, with accompanying backlighting to help them grab attention. A chiller is also integrated into each one, so the beer is served cold. When a customer wants to sample one of the bar’s boutique beers, the bartender can simply draw a small amount from the Beervault’s tap. If they don’t like it, the bar doesn’t waste an entire bottle and the customer doesn’t end up having to pay for a drink they’d rather spit out. Win-win.
Jones Chijoff is reportedly in the process of readying the BeerVault for wider distribution.
[Jones Chijoff via Springwise]Toy Story 4
Lena Waithe to voice first openly gay character in an animated Disney film
February 22, 2020
Who were the winners and losers at the Oscars?
February 10, 2020
Laura Dern gets early birthday present with Oscars win
February 10, 2020
Brad Pitt thanks children as he wins first acting Oscar
February 10, 2020
Mad Men star Christina Hendricks files for divorce from husband Geoffrey Arend
December 14, 2019
Mad Men star Christina Hendricks announces split from husband
October 18, 2019
Toy Story film-makers would be toast if they messed up new movie – Tom Hanks
June 29, 2019
Record start for Toy Story 4 at UK box office
June 24, 2019
Marvel boss reveals he has been trying to recruit Keanu Reeves
June 20, 2019
Toy Story 4 star Tim Allen says Disney franchise should emulate Star Wars
June 19, 2019
Rag‘n’Bone Man’s new album is ‘three quarters finished’
June 16, 2019
Making Toy Story 4 was lonely but sent me back in time, says Tom Hanks
June 16, 2019
Tom Hanks to walk red carpet for European premiere of Toy Story 4
June 16, 2019
Toy Story 4 features an Easter egg from every single Pixar film, producer says
June 9, 2019
Tom Hanks discusses recording Woody’s final lines in Toy Story 4
June 8, 2019
Keanu Reeves’ Toy Story 4 character revealed to be stuntman in new trailer
May 21, 2019
Festival to screen Toy Story 4 ahead of UK release
May 10, 2019
Keanu Reeves’ character makes debut in first full trailer for Toy Story 4
March 19, 2019
Fresh glimpse at Toy Story 4 with latest trailer starring Woody and Buzz
February 4, 2019
Keanu Reeves to star in Toy Story 4, Tim Allen says
November 23, 2018
Toy Story 4 teaser trailer released
November 12, 20185 oz.
Stock Number: 5BWWC foods.
Share:Share:
(R) = Item is available in reduced cube version (with R stock number) in certain Dart plant-served areasNew.New.
Here's the plot. Eight o’clock in the morning, the sun is shining. Laura and Stephen Marshall at breakfast. Stephen leaves the house, drives to the station to go up on the train to London, where he works. Their twelve-year old daughter Victoria goes to school. Laura, age 38, the main protagonist, goes on a bus to do some shopping in a nearby town. Provisions in short supply, coupons needed. She returns; does some stuff around the house, and in the garden, then in the afternoon rides on her bicycle to collect the family dog who has wandered off. Having collected him from where he sometimes goes, to a gypsy who lives with several dogs in an abandoned railway carriage, she climbs a small hill, and looks out over the countryside. She lies on the grass, falls asleep, with the dog on a lead beside her. It’s early evening when Victoria returns, having had tea with her friend Mouse Watson. Her mother isn’t home. Later, Stephen comes back from work. Laura still not home. Victoria finds some fish and cooks it. She and her father eat it for dinner. Both of them worried. Where can she be? Laura is woken by a noise. It’s a hiker whom she’d seen on the bus that morning. She sees how late it is; thinks of something she was going to tell her husband but can’t remember what. Thinks she’d better hurry home. That’s it.
The middle of the novel is taken up with episodes, Laura’s meetings with people such as a working class family one of whom, George, is extraordinarily handsome, and might be able to do a bit of gardening but can’t because he’s going off elsewhere, and the Vicar, “a saint who had the misfortune to sound like a bore.” Incidents occur. And memories: Laura remembers a man she might have married but feels relieved that she did not. She sees huts that Canadian soldiers had lived in, sees holes in a wall where army trucks had bashed through. She has thoughts about this house and that one. It’s hard to imagine anything more redolent—I think that’s the word—of South-of-England upper-middle-class life in the aftermath of World War II. One could re-arrange some of the episodes and meetings without making much difference, because the sequence—morning, afternoon, evening—is not what this novel is about. At a deeper level it’s reflection: by Mollie, by Laura (with smaller pieces by Victoria and Stephen), and by us readers, on what it is to be human, on what our relationships within ourselves and with each other are all about.
For me the novel succeeded in prompting reflection, but with some parts that didn’t quite work. And it is so very, very, English. But the inwardness did work, somewhat like Virginia Woolf, but warmer, more interpersonal.
In his obituary of Mollie Panter-Downes, in the third of February 1997 issue of The Independent, Anthony Bailey reported her as saying, "I'm a reporter. I can't invent." What she was doing however was something that poets of the Tang Era in China did. Not invention, but perception of episodes in the world that are reflected in inner consciousness and writing (see OnFiction: “Patterns in the World and in the Mind,’ 9 January 2012; you can reach it by doing a search for “Tang” on the OnFiction home page). In Mollie Panter-Downes’s case, although some of her world is to do with nature, predominately it’s people.
Panter-Downes, M. (1947). One fine day. Current edition: London: Virago, 1985).
Panter-Downes, M. (2004). London war notes. London: Persephone.Major alterations were carried out on a 1920’s federation residence which formed part of the St Chads Church Estate. The project involved the re-planning of the ground and first floors to maximise the accommodation within the existing building envelope.
The house was restored to its original condition whilst a new kitchen, living, dining room and two bedrooms above were incorporated into the existing fabric. A new double garage with access from the rear lane was also designed in sympathy to the original.No
No events found
Female
Talent, Swimsuit/Fitness, Interview, Evening Gown
United States
No staff found
Miss Yuma County & Miss Yuma County’s Outstanding Teen is an official preliminary pageant to the Miss Arizona & Miss Arizona Outstanding Teen pageants. Each year, two winners are chosen to represent Miss Yuma County at the Miss Arizona and Miss Arizona Outstanding Teen pageants. They also receive the opportunity to represent the Miss Yuma County Organization throughout their home states for the duration of their reign as well as a prize package selected by the Miss Yuma County directors.
All contestants for Miss Yuma County must participate in four areas of competition: private panel interview with the judges, talent, evening gown and onstage question. Women who live in Arizona and who are older than 17 years of age and younger than 25 years of age are eligible to compete in Miss Yuma County. Additionally, contestants must never have been married or given birth to a child.
All contestants for Miss Yuma County'ss Outstanding Teen must participate in four areas of competition: private panel interview with the judges, talent, evening gown and onstage question. If you live in Arizona and are between the ages of 14 and 17, you may be eligible to compete for Miss Yuma County’s Outstanding Teen.
Are you sure you want to delete this image.).
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
Introduction: Treaties Have Different Meanings for Different People
For Indigenous peoples, the sacred and binding character of treaties is not found primarily in the documents’ legalistic language. Instead, the true force of treaties is rooted in what was actually said, often in Indigenous languages, at the time of the negotiations. In addition, treaty deliberations were frequently accompanied by ceremonial conventions such as the smoking of sacred pipes (calumet) or an exchange of symbolically significant presents (e.g., wampum belts.) Accordingly, many Indigenous peoples look to their elders who are schooled in oral histories as the highest authorities on the spirit and intent of the treaties.
For the Crown, the principles for treaty making with Indigenous peoples were articulated by King George III in the Royal Proclamation of 1763, which established the constitutional foundations of Canada after the government of France withdrew its claims to North America. The constitutional character of treaties between Indigenous peoples and the Crown was renewed in the Constitution Act, 1982, which describes itself as “the supreme law of Canada.” Section 35 of that document both recognizes and affirms “existing Indigenous and treaty rights” (see Rights of Indigenous Peoples.)
Court rulings since then have continued to shape treaty relations between the federal government and Indigenous peoples. For example, in the Sioui case (1990), the Supreme Court of Canada determined that “treaties and statutes relating to Indians should be liberally construed and uncertainties resolved in favour of the Indians.” In that case, the court introduced a principle adopted from a ruling in the United States in 1899 that treaties “must therefore be construed, not according to the technical meaning of its words to learned lawyers, but in the sense in which they would naturally be understood by the Indians.”
In spite of the constitutional character of treaties, the non-Indigenous peoples who made and implemented them tended to see them as self-serving deals rather than sacred pacts between independent nations. Historically, non-Indigenous treaty negotiators believed treaties were inexpensive and convenient ways to strip Aboriginal title (i.e., ownership) from most of the lands in Canada so that resources could be used by settlers (see Indigenous Territory.) Even in modern times, the federal and provincial governments tend to interpret treaties in legalistic terms, contending that Indigenous peoples “ceded, surrendered, and yielded” their ancestral rights and titles through treaties. In other words, treaties can be seen as real estate deals by which the Crown purchased Indigenous lands and provided them with reserves and one-time or continual payments in return (see Treaty Day.)
This narrow view of treaties has produced a huge divide between the Canadian government’s perspective and that of Indigenous peoples. On the one hand is the government’s view of treaties as legal instruments that surrendered Indigenous rights. On the other is the Indigenous view of treaties as instruments of relationships between autonomous peoples who agree to share the lands and resources of Canada. Seen from the Indigenous perspective, treaties do not surrender rights; rather, they confirm Indigenous rights. Treaties recognize that Indigenous peoples have the capacity to self-govern. Bridging the gap between these two views of treaties poses a huge challenge to people and lawmakers in Canada.
The complex history of treaty making in Canada can be explored by examining four significant eras: early treaties made before the Conquest, those signed between 1763 and Confederation, treaties made between 1867 and the first modern treaty in 1975, and those negotiated from 1975 to the present. A close look at treaties in the context of constitutional and international law also reveals much about the place of treaties in Canada’s domestic and international affairs.
Treaties with the French and British, 1676 to 1763
Treaties in Canada date back to the time when Europeans first arrived to North America. Europeans sought to make alliances with Indigenous peoples as a way of maintaining the peace, providing access to natural resources and gaining alliances in trade and colonial wars. This first era of treaty making starts roughly from the time of the Covenant Chain in the 16th century and extends until the Royal Proclamation in 1763.
The Covenant Chain
The conventions and protocols of treaty making in Canada can be traced to their origins in the Covenant Chain. This refers to an elaborate diplomatic relationship started between the Dutch and Indigenous peoples in the earlier part of the 17th century. Known later as the “Covenant Chain” by the English, several Anglo-American colonies and various Indigenous nations in northeastern North America engaged in this partnership after 1676. At the council grounds near Albany, officials from the colony of New York regularly negotiated with representatives of the Haudenosaunee (Iroquois), otherwise known as the Longhouse League or the Five Nations, and later, Six Nations Confederacy. By developing treaty relationships to maintain peace and for mutual economic and defence benefits, Crown officials set their eyes on more and more Indigenous land.
Treaties and Wampum
Crown officials and their Indigenous allies spoke of renewing their relationships as “polishing the links of the Covenant Chain.” It would be almost unthinkable for those Indigenous and non-Indigenous.
Peace and Friendship Treaties, 1725 to 1752
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
There is another tradition of treaty relations which has also been described as the Covenant Chain. This tradition links the British Crown to Mi’kmaq, Passamaquoddy and Wolastoqiyik (Maliseet) peoples, whose ancestral lands cover most of the Maritimes, as well as parts of the Gaspé Peninsula. Unlike treaties made after the Royal Proclamation, the Maritime treaties do not focus on the question of land ownership. Instead, these agreements, whose keystones include the Boston Treaty of 1725–26 and the Halifax Treaty of 1752, were primarily mutual promises of peace and friendship. The agreements also guarantee the Indigenous right to trade without hindrance and the right to fish and hunt in their customary manner. They also pledge regular supplies of food, provisions and ammunition from the Crown.
In this era, the Mi’kmaq and Wolastoqiyik were overwhelmingly Roman Catholic. They commonly had very close relationships to their priests, as well as to their French-speaking Acadian neighbours, with whom they intermarried (see Acadia.) As a result, often they opposed the British, but this stance was modified somewhat through the treaty-making process.
In 1985, the Supreme Court of Canada affirmed the continuing force of the Halifax Treaty of 1752 by reversing a conviction for hunting out of season against James Simon of the Shubenacadie reserve. In spite of the Simon case, provincial governments in the Maritimes, like elsewhere in Canada, have had difficulty accepting that treaties between the Crown and Indigenous peoples limit provincial jurisdiction in Crown lands.
Today, Treaty Day in Nova Scotia commemorates the special relationship between the Mi’kmaq and the Crown. Celebrated annually on 1 October since 1986 (the year after the Simon case), this day honours the signing of the 1752 treaty.
Treaties and the Seven Years’ War in North America, 1754 to 1763
The Seven Years’ War (also known as the French and Indian War) was a time of violence in North America, first between the French and British, and later between the British and the Americans. In all of these conflicts, Indigenous nations wielded considerable influence because of their skilful diplomacy and because their fighting forces could effectively battle in conditions that were often extremely difficult for European and North American soldiers.
In the years leading up to the war, the British knew that their enemies, the French, had already made strong alliances with Indigenous peoples. They too wanted to forge strategic bonds with First Nations. Therefore, in 1755, the British imperial government in London took over the responsibility of treaty making from the colonies. A northern branch and southern branch of the British Imperial Indian Department, roughly separated by the Potomac and Ohio Rivers, were created as extensions of the military and placed directly under the king’s authority. The northern branch, with Covenant Chain expert Sir William Johnson at its head, was a source of further government growth and development for English-speaking Canada. There is a direct line of administrative continuity between Johnson’s department, which polished and extended the old Covenant Chain, and Canada’s modern-day Ministry of Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada.
Through a series of treaties, Sir William Johnson, with the help of his Mohawk consort and adviser, Molly Brant, successfully neutralized the old French-Indigenous alliance during the Seven Years’ War. These treaties guaranteed the protection of Indigenous lands from Anglo-American colonists looking to take over lands north of the border. After the British victory over the French on the Plains of Abraham, Johnson made agreements with the Seven Nations of Canada (comprising of Mohawk, Abenaki, Anishinaabeg, Huron and Onondaga peoples) who inhabited Catholic missions near Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence Valley (see St. Lawrence River), to provide security with regards to their lands, trade and religion. One of these treaties was the Treaty of Oswegatchie in 1760. Another, in the same year, was the Murray Treaty of Longueuil, a peace treaty signed by General James Murray that was designed to provide the Huron with military protection and other freedoms and rights after the French retreated. The Sioui case in May 1990 tested the durability of this treaty. In that year, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in a groundbreaking decision that the Québec and Canadian governments had infringed on the Huron’s rights to their traditional territory, as established by the Murray Treaty of Longueuil. The court ruled that the occupation of the territory in question by the Crown was subject to the rights and customs of the Huron.
The Royal Proclamation of 1763
Once the French army had been defeated in North America, the British government faced the question of how to conduct relations with the Indigenous peoples who still dominated most of Canada. An emerging loose confederacy of Indigenous nations, spearheaded by the Odawa leader Obwandiyag, also known as Pontiac, opposed British rule in what became known as Pontiac’s War (1763–66.) The confederacy captured nine British posts in Canada in the spring of 1763 and made the matter of establishing peace with Indigenous peoples even more pressing for the British.
Sir William Johnson was an active supporter of the Royal Proclamation of 1763 (precipitated by Pontiac’s War) which, in theory, created clear borders for the new British province of Québec and for the 13 Anglo-American colonies, and reserved the vast territory beyond the Appalachian Mountains for Indigenous peoples. He was also central in the signing of the part of the treaty that was ratified in Niagara in 1764.
The proclamation laid out a procedure for the future opening of portions of Indigenous territory for colonization and settlement by the Crown’s non-Indigenous subjects. Through the proclamation, the Crown claimed “dominion” and “sovereignty” over Indigenous territories and that only the Crown could make treaties with Indigenous peoples. Therefore, on the one hand, the proclamation seemingly protected Indigenous territories from encroachment by outsiders, but on the other hand, it left the possibility for just such encroachment by the Crown. The king decreed that no individual person or colony could purchase territory from Indigenous peoples; instead, the British Crown was to be the essential actor in negotiating treaties.
Affirmed by Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982, the Royal Proclamation forms the constitutional basis for Crown-Indigenous treaties in Canada. These principles are still being applied in the making of modern-day Indigenous treaties.
Treaty Making in British North America, 1764 to 1867
From the time of the Conquest to Confederation, British and Indigenous peoples made various alliances to secure against the Americans during the American Revolution and the War of 1812. The arrangements also provided the British with access to traditional territories for the purposes of white settlement and development. It was during this time period that the colonial government began pushing Indigenous peoples off of their homelands and onto reserves. While the earliest reserve in Canada (Sillery) dates to 1637, it was not until the mid-1800s that most reserves in Canada were created.
The Treaty of Fort Stanwix, 1768
The first Treaty of Fort Stanwix (another by the same name was signed in 1784) was the first major agreement negotiated according to the terms of the Royal Proclamation. When the dominant fur-trade companies of Pennsylvania made claims against the British government for damages incurred during the Seven Year’s War and Pontiac’s War, Indian Department officials tried to compensate them through a major land transfer. The Treaty of Fort Stanwix moved the border between Indigenous territory and the Anglo-American colonies significantly westward to the banks of the Ohio River.
The lands ceded in the treaty — most of modern-day Kentucky, Tennessee, West Virginia, Maryland and western Pennsylvania — were the ancestral homes of the Shawnee, Delaware, Cherokee, Seneca-Cayuga, Miami, Potawatomi, Mingo, Odawa and Wyandot. This led to the emergence of hardline leaders in the debate among the Indigenous peoples of the Great Lakes-Ohio Valley area about who was authorized to cede land in treaties.
Sir William Johnson, who was a land speculator, hoped that the Fort Stanwix Treaty would satisfy the entrepreneurial wants of the business community in both the Thirteen Colonies and in Britain. However, the deal only fed the land speculators’ greed. Some of those speculators, whose political representatives included Benjamin Franklin in Pennsylvania and Lord Shelburne in Great Britain, attempted to counter the Royal Proclamation by insisting that Indigenous nations could make land-ceding treaties directly with private colonization companies. Just when it seemed that these powerful business interests were about to prevail, the British government introduced the Québec Act in 1774 which favoured the fur-trade interests of Montréal over the land-speculation interests of Philadelphia, and treaty agreements made with Indigenous peoples over the expansionistic aspirations of Anglo-American settlers. This act was a major factor in the outbreak of the American Revolution in 1776 (see American Revolution – Invasion of Canada.)
The American Revolution and the Haldimand Grant, 1776 to 1784
While many Indigenous peoples tried to avoid involving themselves in the American Revolution, many others believed that a British victory would be the least threatening outcome. After all, it was the proponents of western expansionism who had driven the American Revolution forward. Mohawk leader Joseph Brant led many of his people, who had been especially active allies of the British, into battle. However, in spite of Indigenous peoples’ important role in the war, the diplomats who redrew the map of North America after the revolution paid no heed to the heritage of Crown treaties with Indigenous address the resulting crisis, Québec Governor Frederick Haldimand made treaties in 1784 with the Mississauga north of Lake Ontario to open land for those Six Nations people who opted to migrate rather than live under the jurisdiction of the United States and New York state (see Haldimand Proclamation.)
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
In the years ahead, Brant chose to sell individual parcels of his people’s Grand River lands, which were part of Haldimand’s land grant. Brant based this right to sell lands directly (at full market value) to non-Indigenous buyers on the claim that his community was not limited by the Royal Proclamation, which prohibited transfers of Indigenous territory to anyone but the British sovereign.
Haldimand also prevailed in the decision of the British to retain possession of the military posts south of the Great Lakes, despite the fact that the posts were promised to the United States after the signing of the Treaty of Paris. This was to support the Montréal-based fur trade, whose hinterland continued to include the northern Mississippi Valley. Similarly, retention of the southernmost posts of greater Canada signalled to the Indigenous peoples west of the Ohio River continued imperial support for resistance to the American government’s agenda of westward expansion (see Manifest Destiny.)
The system of treaty alliance between the Crown and the Indigenous peoples of Canada briefly recovered from the diplomatic setback of 1783. Indeed, on the commercial level, the alliance expanded and flourished as never before. Indigenous peoples there, the NWC’s agents were also led by Indigenous over wider expanses of Indigenous territory. They competed against the Hudson’s Bay Company (HBC), who since 1670 had developed an extensive commercial presence among the Indigenous peoples of what was then called Rupert’s Land and the North-West Territories. Elaborate protocols of diplomatic and economic relations developed between Indigenous peoples and HBC officials. These relations also came into play later in the 19th century when Crown officials negotiated the Numbered Treaties to facilitate the expansion of the Dominion of Canada.
Ohio Valley Disputes and Jay’s Treaty, 1790 to 1794
Indigenous peoples refused to accept the new international boundary created by the Treaty of Paris that cut through their ancestral territory, or that their lands south of the new border now belonged to the United States. Officers of the British Imperial Indian Department, many of whom had Indigenous ancestors, wives and mixed-ancestry children, tended to share this sentiment. Under their urging, the British government refused to cede to the United States the lands north of the Ohio River and south of the Great Lakes. All that had been transferred was the British sovereign’s exclusive right to purchase land from Indigenous peoples through treaties, according to the principles outlined in the Royal Proclamation.
Not surprisingly, the United States government resisted this interpretation. In 1790 and 1791, they deployed to the area a small and ill-organized army which was twice defeated by the well-armed fighting forces of a growing Indigenous confederacy, also known as Miami Chief Little Turtle’s Illiniwek Confederacy.
Indigenous victories over the American army prompted the British government to adopt a new and ambitious strategy with regards to treaty alliances between the Crown and Indigenous peoples. The imperial government planned to encourage the confederacy to the point where it could assert international sovereignty over the lands between the Ohio River and the Great Lakes. The envisioned country was also known as the Indian Buffer State.
In the eyes of British imperialists, this sovereign Indigenous nation-state would have shielded what remained of British North America from the expansionistic designs of the new American republic, whose most aggressive advocates increasingly viewed North America through the lens of Manifest Destiny and imagined that the entire continent was the United States’ God-given inheritance.
The prospects for creating the new Indigenous nation-state dimmed when Little Turtle’s confederacy suffered defeat at the Battle of Fallen Timbers in 1794. This battle was lost in large part because the British failed to support Indigenous troops. As a result of the defeat, British officials agreed to abandon the posts south of the Great Lakes. The terms of this 1794 agreement, known as Jay’s Treaty, also stipulated that Indigenous peoples could freely cross the international border. This stipulation was included largely so that the Montréal fur-trade would not be cut off from its commercial relations with Indigenous peoples in the northern Mississippi Valley.
Although Jay’s Treaty is not technically an Indigenous treaty, its terms have had important ramifications. The United States government has honoured the agreement to the extent that Status Indians from Canada have been able to live and work in the United States without restriction. The treaty is not, however, recognized as binding by Canada — a position that is periodically challenged, especially by those Indigenous nations such as the Six Nations, whose lands are divided by the border.
Treaties and the War of 1812
The prospects of a sovereign nation-state for Indigenous peoples re-emerged in the first decade of the 19th century, as relations between Great Britain and the United States deteriorated. At the movement’s heart were two Shawnee men — Tecumseh and his brother Tenskwatawa (the Prophet) — who urged Indigenous unity in order to defend their dwindling lands.
At first, the religious visionary Tenskwatawa was the more influential of the siblings. When he related his prophetic revelations about delivering his people from outsiders, Algonquian-speakers of several nationalities flocked to his side, creating the new community of Prophetstown, south of Lake Michigan.
However, it was Tecumseh who gave the movement political direction. As war between the United States and Britain became imminent, Tecumseh advocated coordinated action. He aimed to elevate Indigenous treaty-making authority above the level of domestic contract to the level of full-fledged international relations. To assert this degree of sovereignty, Tecumseh’s confederacy would need a central government, a strong fighting force and a powerful ally. Great Britain could be that ally, though it fell primarily on Indigenous peoples to generate the unity that was needed to counter the American plan to absorb Indigenous territory.
The Shawnee strategists’ independence was compromised in 1811 after General William Henry Harrison’s American forces overran the confederacy’s capital at Tippecanoe (see Battle of Tippecanoe.) This forced Tecumseh to form closer links with the British Imperial Indian Department.
When trade embargoes and conflicts at sea finally sparked the War of 1812, the rapid mobilization of the confederacy’s fighting forces were a deciding factor in the early course of the conflict. Especially decisive was the role of Indigenous peoples in the British takeover of Michillimackinac and Detroit (see First Nations and Métis Peoples in the War of 1812.) The events of 1812, therefore, vindicated, for the British, the utility of the treaty system because it allowed military alliances to be formed.
For those on the Indigenous side of the alliance, the outcome was more tragic. After Tecumseh was killed in battle in 1813, the confederacy largely disintegrated. In the years that followed, many Indigenous people whose territories lay east of the Mississippi were forced to move west. Others, however, migrated from south of the Great Lakes across the border that was established in 1783 but not solidified until 1814, when the Treaty of Ghent ended the War of 1812.
Selkirk Treaty, 1817
While treaty making only really reached Indigenous peoples in western Canada after Confederation, an important treaty was made in 1817 by the Earl of Selkirk in what is now Manitoba. The Selkirk Treaty surrendered Indigenous title in areas “adjacent to [the] Red River and Assiniboine River.” The tract also extended into the United States as far as the Great Forks (also known as Grand Forks.) In exchange for their lands, the Ojibwa (Chippawa or Saulteaux) and Cree peoples were each awarded 100 pounds of tobacco annually. Five chiefs signed the treaty with drawings that represented an important aspect of their identity.
The Selkirk Treaty was the first treaty with Indigenous peoples in western Canada, in conformity with the Royal Proclamation of 1763. It was also therefore the beginning of the official relationship between Indigenous people in the West and the Crown.
Upper Canada Land Surrenders
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
Also known as the Upper Canada Treaties, these agreements constitute an estimated number of 30-35 treaties covering much of what is now southwestern Ontario. Likely the first of these was Michilimackinac Island, No. 1, signed in 1781, and presumably the last was the Manitoulin Island Treaty, signed in 1862.
These surrenders initially provided Loyalists with lands on which to settle after the American Revolution. The Indigenous signatories, including many Anishinaabe peoples, the Huron-Wyandot, and other First Nations, received cash payments and other goods in return for title to the land.
In later years, many descendants of treaty signatories argued that their lands were unjustly taken. For example, the Mississauga argued that the Toronto Purchase, originally negotiated in 1787, covered unceded territory. Disputes over the accuracy of land allotments led to re-assessments and a revised treaty in 1805. However, the agreement ultimately still favoured the British because it expanded the Crown’s claim over the area and paid a measly 10 shillings for 250,880 acres of land. Moreover, this location was also chosen because of its strategic value, allowing access to waterways that facilitated the transfer of goods.
Indigenous peoples also claim that the signatories did not understand the terms of the treaty and that they never accepted the 1805 boundaries. It was only in 2010 that the Mississauga and the Government of Canada reached a settlement. As part of the deal, the Mississauga received $145 million in compensation.
Other well-known and controversial Upper Canada Land Surrenders are those that deal with Manitoulin Island and the Saugeen Peninsula, also called the Bond Head Treaties. In 1836, Lieutenant-Governor Sir Francis Bond Head shifted Indigenous policy by ceasing to encourage Indigenous peoples to become Christian farmers. Instead, he wanted to move them to Manitoulin Island on Lake Huron and the Saugeen Peninsula north of Owen Sound. There, they could hunt and fish without encroachment from settlers. This plan also spoke to the stereotype of “noble savagery” — a view held by the lieutenant-governor and many of his contemporaries. By the terms of these two 1836 treaties (one for each region), both areas of land had been reserved for Indigenous peoples.
The plan was not only to displace Indigenous agriculturalists from Upper Canada, but also the expected Indigenous refugees from south of the Great Lakes, whose lands the American government now claimed. Bond Head was met with international criticism for his plan because some argued that it was apartheid (racial segregation).
In 1854 and 1862, new treaties were drawn up for the Saugeen Peninsula and Manitoulin Island, respectively. The agreements stipulated that the Indigenous peoples involved would be paid regular interest on funds from all Crown sales of the ceded (surrendered) territories. This promise failed to win the participation of an entire community of Roman Catholic Odawa people on the eastern portion of Manitoulin Island. They were uninterested in part because hunting and fishing still supplied their needs. With support from their Jesuit missionaries, these Odawa people successfully resisted signing the Manitoulin treaty. To this day, Wikwemikong, Ontario, remains an unceded Indigenous reserve.
By the mid-1830s, treaties covered most of the arable lands in Upper Canada. These treaties involved an initial distribution of goods and money with promises of small annual payments. Only gradually did the principle develop that agreements should include allocation of reserves.
The Robinson Treaties, 1850
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
The concept of reserves was advanced in 1850, when Crown representative William Benjamin Robinson secured agreement from Indigenous leaders to “cede, grant, and convey unto Her Majesty” about 50,000 square miles (129,500 km2) north of the upper Great Lakes. These transactions, known as the Robinson-Huron and Robinson-Superior treaties, provided for the creation of 24 new reserves, each to be held by the Crown for the “use and benefit” of the nations whose leaders’ names and marks were on the agreements. Also included in the bargain were initial payments worth £4,000, plus “perpetual” annuities valued at about £1,100.
Governor General Lord Elgin and Chief Shinguakouce pressured Canadian officials to authorize treaty negotiations. In a relatively minor 1849 confrontation, referred to as the Michipicoten War or the Mica Bay Uprising, a resistance movement made up of Indigenous peoples and Métis people asserted their uncompromised interest in the Precambrian Shield, where Canadians had already begun minor mining operations. This war precipitated the treaty agreements.
In the Robinson Treaties, the Crown promised that Indigenous peoples could hunt and fish throughout the ceded territory “as they have heretofore been in the habit of doing.” This promise, the first of its kind in an Indigenous treaty, was made, Robinson explained, so that Indigenous peoples could not make future claims in return for the loss of their usual means of support. The Robinson Treaties became important models for the treaty negotiators of the Numbered Treaties that followed in the late 19th century and into the 20th century.
The Vancouver Island Treaties (Douglas Treaties), 1850 to 1854
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
While treaty making up until 1850 was only conducted in the Maritimes, Manitoba and Upper Canada, the Douglas Treaties (named after Governor James Douglas) were signed between 1850 and 1854 with 14 First Nations on Vancouver Island. Also known as the Vancouver Island Treaties, First Nations exchanged approximately 930 km2 of traditional territory for clothing, cash and other goods. They were told they would still be able to live, hunt and fish on the surrendered lands. With the influx of white settlers, however, Indigenous peoples were increasingly pushed off of these territories and onto reserves.
Descendants of the Indigenous signatories have questioned the legitimacy of the treaty proceedings. As non-English speakers, the chiefs were unable to verify on paper the terms of the agreement, which were communicated verbally. Signing the bottom of the treaty pages with an X, chiefs believed they were agreeing to share — not to cede — their lands. Their descendants have also argued that colonial officials inserted new clauses onto blank pages of the treaties that had already been signed without the consent of Indigenous peoples.
Elders and researchers at the University of Victoria have since translated the Douglas Treaties into the languages of the Sencoten and Lekwungen First Nations for the first time. For the Indigenous signatories of the Douglas Treaties, this was a step towards reconciliation.
Post-Confederation Treaties, 1867 to 1975
The years immediately following Confederation were characterized by the Canadian government’s desire to expand westward and northward as a means of securing the nation’s economic future. This led to the signing of various treaties between the government and Indigenous nations in the Prairies and parts of the North, British Columbia and northern Ontario. These treaties include the Numbered Treaties and the Williams Treaties.
The Numbered Treaties, 1871 to 1921
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
The 11 Numbered Treaties were negotiated between 1871 and 1921 as the Canadian government sought to extend its sovereignty over western, and portions of northern, Canada. Confederation in 1867 set the stage for Canada’s purchase from the Hudson’s Bay Company of Rupert’s Land and the North-Western Territory. As a result of the transfer, the Canadian government legally assumed responsibility for the “protection” and “well-being” of the region’s Indigenous peoples.
The duty of compensating Indigenous peoples for their interest in their traditional territories also fell to Canada. Therefore, the treaty-making system that had evolved in Upper Canada in the years before Confederation was exported westward and northward. Further development of the treaty system was based more on economic practicality than it was on any conception of Indigenous rights. During the 1870s, the United States government spent over $20 million fighting Plains peoples. This amount was larger than the entire budget of Canada, and so federal officials relied on treaties to ensure relatively peaceful consent to Euro-Canadian settlement from the territory’s approximately 35,000 Indigenous inhabitants.. Although their role was to restrict Indigenous movement in their reserves, thereby altering their traditional way of life, the police did manage to build relatively positive relationships with Indigenous peoples by driving out American whisky traders. In this police-controlled atmosphere, treaty negotiators and Indigenous leaders signed various treaties.
Crown officials negotiating the first Numbered Treaties were instructed to offer terms similar to those in the Robinson Treaties. The Indigenous delegations in these and following bargaining sessions, however, made it clear that more was expected. Indigenous peoples sought to cope with the destruction of their economies — notably, the decimation of the bison on the prairies — through treaties. From some Indigenous peoples’ perspectives, the spirit and intent of 19th and early 20th-century treaties therefore includes a commitment from the Canadian government for the instruction and material aid necessary for transitioning to a new way of life.
In many cases, however, promised provisions and goods were delayed or never made their way to the First Nations. The $5 annual cash payment that many treaty peoples received (and still receive) also made no significant addition to the family purse. According to some Indigenous peoples, however, this exchange does signify the persistence of Indigenous-Canadian treaty relationships.
Métis Scrip
After the Manitoba Act of 1870, the Canadian government attempted to extinguish Métis title using scrip, dollar-valued land certificates. Unlike with the First Nations, Métis peoples were dealt with on an individual basis. Allotments of land totalling about 160 to 240 acres were available where scrip was issued. However, in order to redeem scrip, many Métis had to travel long distances to access the Lands Title offices. The burden of relocating their families, coupled with an overly-complex application process, meant that scrip was often not redeemed or was sold for a fraction of its real worth.
Efforts to implement this scrip program were also often undermined by the fraudulent activities of “jobbers,” who amassed the majority of the resources originally earmarked for Métis communities. Fraudulent land speculators claimed to represent Métis heads of household and managed to claim land that was not rightfully theirs. The authorities eventually amended the Criminal Code in 1921 to include these criminal behaviours. Nevertheless, many Métis people were cheated out of their land.
In 2013, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the government had failed in its obligation to properly distribute and safeguard the 1.4 million acres set aside for the Métis in the Manitoba Act. While the court made no specific remedies, it acknowledged Métis rights to their homelands.
Williams Treaties, 1923
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
Since the late 19th century, Chippewa and Mississauga peoples in the Simcoe and northern Lake Ontario regions had been trying to get the government to recognize errors in some early colonial treaties. For example, a large tract of land in the area around the Muskoka and Upper Ottawa River was not included in the Upper Canada Treaties. Appointed by the federal minister of justice in 1916, R.V. Sinclair began to investigate these matters. He confirmed that there were in fact many problems with the treaties’ allotment of lands and that not all lands had been fully ceded.
In 1923, the Canadian and Ontario governments appointed a three-man commission to further investigate the issue. Sinclair joined lawyers Uriah McFadden and A.S. Williams in what became known as the Williams Commission. Their report validated the claims of the Indigenous peoples not only to the territories in question, but also to other portions of land below Lake Simcoe and on the north shore of Lake Ontario.
Since the government had already opened these areas up for white settlement and for the exploitation of natural resources, the commission began negotiating two treaties known as the Williams Treaties. The first treaty with the Chippewa in 1923 covered the lands from Georgian Bay to the Ottawa River. The second, also signed in 1923, but with the Mississauga, covered the lands from Lake Simcoe down to the shore of Lake Ontario. In signing the Williams Treaties, the Indigenous peoples not only surrendered their title to the land but also their hunting and fishing rights on the properties — a significant departure from what had become common practice in the Robinson and Numbered Treaties.
Land Title, Rights and the Indian Act, 1920s to 1970s
While in Ontario and the Prairie provinces, the development of a system of land tenure was firmly founded on Indigenous treaties, elsewhere in the country (i.e., most of British Columbia, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Québec and the Maritimes), non-Indigenous settlement, for the most part, proceeded without purchase of Aboriginal title. Registered Indigenous peoples (see Indian) were nevertheless allocated to reserves and, even without treaties, fell under the direct administrative control of the federal government.
Indian affairs were governed more by the federal Indian Act than by Indigenous treaties. First introduced in 1876 as a consolidation of previous colonial ordinances that aimed to eradicate First Nations culture in favour of assimilation into Euro-Canadian society, the Indian Act became the principal statute through which the federal government administers Indian status, local First Nations governments and the management of reserve land and communal monies. The Act has been amended several times, most significantly in 1951 and 1985, with changes mainly focusing on the removal of particularly discriminatory sections.
Nisga’a Treaty, 1973 to 2000
Indigenous peoples from British Columbia were largely responsible for breaking through the weight of political disinterest that had set in around the Indigenous land question since the early 1920s. Although the Douglas treaties had been made in the 1850s on Vancouver Island, and eight First Nations in British Columbia had signed Treaty 8 in 1899, officials since then have consistently resisted the view that Indigenous peoples in the province have inherent Indigenous rights.
The Nisga’a people of the Nass River Valley (see Nass River) have long opposed this position. In 1969, Nisga’a chief Frank Calder represented his nation in a court case against British Columbia. Known as the Calder case, the Nisga’a tried to establish that they had never surrendered title to their homelands. Although the British Columbia Supreme Court ruled against the Nisga’a, the Supreme Court of Canada agreed to hear their appeal. Six judges were split evenly on the validity of the Nisga’a claim: three argued that Nisga’a title had been extinguished by land laws made before British Columbia entered Confederation; the other three disagreed, declaring that the right was never extinguished (surrendered) Nisga’a case was one of several key developments that helped cast Indigenous rights into the spotlight in Canada during the 1970s. The pivotal event had been the publication in 1969 of a federal White Paper on Indigenous policy, which reflected the ideology of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He advocated ending treaties and thereby removing special status for Indigenous peoples. To Trudeau, who also opposed special constitutional status for the Province of Québec, it was an “anomaly” (to use Jean Chrétien’s words) to have treaties between nations within Canada. Indigenous peoples strongly opposed the White Paper, and were galvanized into stronger political cohesion and activism as a result. The year after the Supreme Court’s Nisga’a decision in 1973, there was a change in federal policy: an Office of Native Claims was established to resolve Indigenous land disputes.
Beginning in 1976, the Nisga’a and the Trudeau government entered into treaty negotiations. Fourteen years later, in 1990, both parties reached a preliminary agreement, and also welcomed the Province of British Columbia into the negotiations. In 1996, the three parties finalized the agreement, but it was not until 2000 that the Nisga’a achieved self-government. The deal also put the Nisga’a in control of around 2,000 km2 of their ancestral territory. The Nisga’a Treaty is the first modern-day treaty in British Columbia, and has served as a model for many future First Nations seeking self-government and modern treaty agreements in Canada.
Modern Treaties, 1975 to present
(courtesy Native Land Digital / Native-Land.ca)
Established in 1974, the Office of Native Claims (ONC) defined two types of modern land claims: specific and comprehensive. Specific land claims address Indigenous grievances over the failure of the federal government to keep promises made to them in the Indian Act, historic treaties or other agreements. Comprehensive land claims deal specifically with questions about land title. A comprehensive claim can be made for any part of Canada where Aboriginal title has never been ceded. The Specific Claims Tribunal (2008) has since supplanted the ONC and is the federal body that continues to hear specific and modern land claims.
James Bay and Northern Québec Agreement, 1975
The 1975 James Bay Agreement is often considered to be Canada’s first modern-day treaty. As in earlier times, a move to open up a new resource frontier — in this case, the hydroelectric potential of the rivers flowing into the eastern region of James Bay — led to negotiations with Indigenous peoples. Although the enormous hydroelectric project was initiated in 1971 without their sanction, the area’s Cree and Inuit peoples asserted their unceded Indigenous rights through the courts. The Cree also used the media to assert their rights (see James Bay Project.)
In the complex settlement that ensued, the agreement established a basis for various institutions of Cree and Inuit self-government, such as school boards and health and social service agencies. In 1978, as an adjunct to the James Bay Agreement, the Naskapi band of Schefferville concluded the Northeastern Québec Agreement with the federal and provincial governments.
The negotiation of modern-day treaties somewhat stagnated during Prime Minister Brian Mulroney’s first term (1984-88.) However, this state of affairs was to change during Mulroney's second term (1988-93.) In June 1990, Elijah Harper, an Oji-Cree MLA from Manitoba, blocked a sweeping revision to the Canadian Constitution negotiated at Meech Lake by the 11 first ministers without Indigenous representation (see Meech Lake Accord: Document.) The next month, an argument between the Mohawk of Kanesatake and the town council of Oka over a proposed golf course flared into an armed standoff (see Oka Crisis.) In 1991, the government appointed a Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples just as a surge of new political interest was invested into modern-day treaty making. The Oka crisis and other First Nation activism helped to bring Indigenous issues to the fore.
Modern-Day Treaties in Northern Canada
This surge of political interest in treaty making was mostly evident in the territories north of the 60th parallel, where bilateral, nation-to-nation negotiations led to the making of the Inuvialuit Treaty (1984), the Gwich’in Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement (1992), the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement (1993) and the Sahtu Dene and Métis Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement (1993.)
From 1993 to 2005, the 11 First Nations of the Yukon First Nations Final Agreements also received their own modern treaties. These nations include: Champagne and Aishihik, Na-cho Nyak Dun, Teslin Tlingit Council, Vuntut Gwich’in, Little Salmon/Carmacks, Selkirk, Tr’ondëk Hwëch’in, Ta’an Kwäch’än Council, Kluane, Kwanlin Dün and Carcross/Tagish.
In 2003, the Tlicho from the central Northwest Territories celebrated the enactment of the Tlicho Land Claims and Self Government Agreement.
Following the James Bay Treaty, these agreements have enabled Indigenous communities to set up municipal and corporate structures and to allow them to participate as shareholders in the exploitation of natural resources.
Modern-Day Treaties in British Columbia
In British Columbia, there are not only two but three types of government involved in the negotiation of modern-day treaties — federal, provincial and Frist Nation. In 1991, treaty negotiations with some Indigenous nations in British Columbia began.
In keeping with the historic role of the Nisga’a in forcing the issue of unrecognized Aboriginal title, their treaty sets a precedent. Behind the Nisga’a are over 50 other Indigenous nations in British Columbia negotiating similar agreements in a six-stage treaty process with the British Columbia Treaty Commission. The final agreements for the Tsawwassen First Nation and the Maa-nulth First Nations (five nations in total) came into effect as of April 2009 and April 2011, respectively. The Tla’amin Final Agreement came into effect in April 2016.
In a historic decision on 26 June 2014, the Supreme Court of Canada granted the Tsilhqot’in title to 1,700 km2 of land in British Columbia. With the ruling, the Tsilhqot’in have exclusive rights to the land and to associated benefits and profits, and must grant their consent before any economic development occurs. Significantly, the ruling clarifies the meaning of and criteria for establishing Aboriginal title: an Indigenous group must prove continual and exclusive occupation. In addition, Indigenous nations with legitimate claims — whether ongoing, settled, or merely possible — must be consulted and grant consent before economic development may proceed.
Modern-Day Treaties in Québec and the East Coast
The James Bay treaty covers much of northern and western Québec; however, there are other settlement areas in Québec and Eastern Canada. The Labrador Inuit (Nunatsiavut region) and Nunavik Inuit (northern Québec) celebrated their land claims agreements in 2005 and 2006, respectively. In the southeastern part of Hudson’s Bay lies the area covered by the Eeyou Marine Region Land Claims Agreement, signed in 2010.
The Innu of Labrador signed a modern-day treaty in 2011, after 15 years of lobbying against a company’s discovery and purchase of a huge nickel deposit at Voisey’s Bay in Labrador. Before the discovery, the Innu had asserted Aboriginal title in their lands, which they call Ntesinan. In addition, the Innu particularly resisted the establishment of a low-level jet training facility in Goose Bay. This criticism drew international attention from peace activists and environmentalists, who used their influence to publicize the effect of NATO’s war preparations on Innu hunting practices.
Conflicting Views on Modern Treaties
Some non-Indigenous critics charge that modern treaty making puts too much emphasis on race and ethnicity. Echoing the 1969 White Paper, members of the Reform Party of Canada lobbied against the treaty system, arguing that it undermines individual equality and one law for all Canadians.
Indigenous activists have also criticized certain modern treaties. In the case of the Nisga’a treaty, for example, some contended that the Nisga’a made concessions in areas such as taxation and property rights that were to the detriment of the Nisga’a people. Indigenous people also expressed their opposition to modern treaties through an armed stand made by the Defenders of the Shuswap Nation at Ts’Peten (Gustafsen Lake) in the summer of 1995. This group questioned the legitimacy of a process that they said used the imagery of treaty making to hide old patterns of colonization including co-optation of Indigenous elites, dispossession through the extinguishment of Indigenous rights and cultural genocide through the assimilation of Indigenous peoples into the Euro-Canadian mainstream.
Another Indigenous Indigenous peoples. This obligation, which was given clear judicial articulation by the Supreme Court in the 1984 Guerin case, derives from the Royal Proclamation of 1763 and other legal instruments (see Gertrude Guerin.) At its most extreme, the trustee-like role ascribed to Indigenous peoples through such instruments turned them into wards of the state.
The question arises of how the government of Canada could fulfil its fiduciary responsibility in treaties in which Crown officials had Indigenous negotiators sign documents that extinguished Indigenous rights? If the Crown was the chief beneficiary of treaties that formalized the surrender of these rights, would Crown officials not then be in a position of conflict of interest?
Manitoba Judge A.C. Hamilton addressed these issues in a 1995 report to the minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development entitled A New Partnership. He wrote: “It appears to me that the demand that one party sign a surrender of rights recognized and affirmed by the Constitution is in flagrant breach of the Crown’s fiduciary obligation.” Judge Hamilton proposed several options for how modern-day treaties might be worded to avoid the pitfalls of extinguishment while providing non-Indigenous interests with assurances that their land titles would be safe from challenge. Canada adopted some, but not all of, the recommendations.
Excluded Peoples
There are Indigenous peoples whose representatives were not present at historic treaty negotiations, and are now seeking compensation. One such group is the Lubicon Cree, whose ancestors were not present in the making of Treaty 8 in 1899. The reserve-less Lubicon, whose territory lies within a lucrative oil patch in Alberta, have faced tremendous resistance, both inside and outside the courts, in their search for a settlement. They have been frustrated in their efforts to find a secure niche through a modern-day treaty.
Other Indigenous peoples excluded from the treaty system include the Teme-Augama Anishnabai and the people of the tiny overpopulated Long Lake 58 reserve. These communities were passed over in the 1850 negotiation of the Robinson Treaties.
The Métis generally have been excluded from treaty agreements. While Métis adhesions were eventually included in some of the Numbered Treaties, the Métis still fight for title to traditional lands.
On the west coast, the Sinixt have received acknowledgment of their existence as a First Nation in Canada, as well as their traditional territories and their rights to those lands, relatively recently, in 2017.
This is not an exhaustive list of Indigenous peoples attempting to gain land claims settlements. It simply serves to show that there are communities all over Canada with various claims to traditional lands and waters.
Treaties, the Canadian Constitution and Citizenship
Indigenous and treaty rights were a particularly controversial and difficult issue during the patriation of the Canadian Constitution. On 5 November 1981, nine provincial governments (excluding Québec) entered into the federal government’s patriation plan on the condition that Indigenous and treaty rights be stripped from the draft constitution. However, after widespread demonstrations and campaigning by Indigenous groups, section 35, which recognizes and reaffirms existing Indigenous treaty rights, was reinstated. Premier Edgar Peter Lougheed of Alberta was instrumental in inserting the word “existing,” expecting this would lead to a more limited judicial interpretation of section 35.
Indigenous peoples argued that Canada lacked the authority to sever the relationship between their nations and the imperial Crown without consent. Their challenge to the legality of patriation ultimately led to Chief Justice Lord Denning’s judgement of January 1982, in which he confirmed that treaty relationships entered into by Indigenous peoples in Canada had indeed been with the Crown in respect of the United Kingdom. Through constitutional evolution, however, the responsibility to manage treaty rights had come to be vested with the Canadian government. “No parliament,” proclaimed Lord Denning, “should do anything to lessen the worth of these guarantees.”
Treaties and the Meech Lake and Charlottetown Accords
Indigenous peoples held to their conviction that demise of the Meech Lake Accord.
Four Indigenous organizations, including the Assembly of First Nations, were included in the constitutional deliberations that culminated in the Charlottetown consensus report (see Charlottetown Accord and Charlottetown Accord: Document.) This report from the histories, distinct identities and self-determination of Indigenous peoples whose existence predates that of Canada.
The Charlottetown document was rejected as a basis for constitutional amendment. While most Inuit voters happily sanctioned the accord, First Nations voters largely rejected it. This rejection marked a lack of confidence at the grassroots level in First Nation communities. In some parts of the country, Indigenous rejection was also an expression of unhappiness with the format of multilateral negotiations. By its very nature, this federal-provincial-Indigenous format undermined the integrity of bilateral, nation-to-nation treaty making with the Crown that, in the view of many Indigenous peoples, still defines their alliances with the Canadian state.
Québec Sovereignty and Treaty Rights
The provincial election of the Parti Québécois government (1994) and the referendum on Québec sovereignty (1995) highlighted treaty issues in a debate about partitioning the province if it were to declare independence. One of the key participants was Matthew Coon Come, Grand Chief of the Cree (of Québec.) In a Cree referendum during the Québec sovereignty referendum, 96.3 per cent of Chief Coon Come’s people voted to maintain their alliance with Canada, even if Québec declared independence. A referendum of Inuit peoples in Québec had similar results. Chief Coon Come asserted that if Canada is divisible, so is Québec.
Treaties and Canadian Citizenship
The phrase “we are all treaty people” means that everyone in Canada — settlers and Indigenous peoples alike — are in some way affected by treaties. In 2016, this phrase was given more meaning when the Trudeau government announced its plans to honour treaties in an amended citizenship oath for new Canadians. Listed as one of the 94 calls to action by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC), this proposal includes a promise to “faithfully observe the laws of Canada, including treaties with Indigenous peoples.” For many Indigenous peoples, the new oath is just the beginning of what they hope are more changes, such as revising the citizenship test to better reflect Indigenous history and ensure that citizens-to-be (or immigrants) are well-informed about Indigenous issues.
Treaties in International Law and Politics
Treaties and the United Nations
In 1987, the United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations began a global study of “treaties, agreements and other constructive arrangements between states and Indigenous populations.” The government of Canada attempted to derail the study, arguing that an international “focus on Treaties essentially Alfonso Martinez. In 1989, he visited the Onion Lake reserve in Saskatchewan to hear testimonies from treaty peoples. He issued progress reports and his final report was published in 1999. His work influenced the UN’s Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly.”
In November 2010, Canada announced its support of the declaration in principle, but did not offer a full endorsement. The government had many reservations about the way the declaration addressed traditional territories and resources thereupon, as well as the duty to consent (referring to the government’s duty to consult Indigenous peoples about any proposed developments that may affect their lands and communities.)
Five years later, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced plans to revoke Canada’s objector status. In May 2016, Carolyn Bennett, the Minister of Indigenous and Northern Affairs, declared that Canada had fully endorsed the declaration. Implementing the declaration will take much coordination between Indigenous peoples and the federal, provincial and territorial governments.
Treaties and NAFTA
In spite of Indigenous peoples’ efforts to gain recognition of their treaties as proof, in part, of their capacity to act as equals in international relations, the Government of Canada continues to maintain that these agreements lie within domestic law. This issue was brought to the fore in 1994, when the Governments of Canada, the United States and Mexico instituted a new treaty that remade the commercial map of North America as a cohesive trading block. The negotiations that led to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) included no place for Indigenous delegations. This sparked an uprising in Chiapas, Mexico, on 1 January 1994, the day the treaty came into force.
The politics of exclusion in NAFTA echo the assumptions manifest in the making of the Treaty of Paris in 1783, in the transfer of the HBC titles to the Dominion of Canada in 1869–70 and in the making of the Meech Lake Accord in 1987.
Conclusion: Honouring the Past and Looking Forward
Treaties constitute a thread of continuity woven through the earliest beginnings of the Canadian state until today. However, treaty relationships have looked different over the years. Before the Conquest, treaties helped maintain peace for the purposes of trade and war. From the outset of the Seven Years’ War to the close of the War of 1812 in 1814, Indigenous nations wielded considerable influence due to their diplomacy and skilled fighting forces as well as their knowledge of the terrain and the fact they provided Europeans access to natural resources. Consequently, various Indigenous confederacies rose to prominence on the world stage. In the years to come, however, their influence over colonial officials dwindled as Indigenous populations were reduced by disease and war, and Indigenous peoples were increasingly forced onto reserves. While many treaties were designed to offer certain government protections and assistance for “as long as the sun shines and the water flows,” many consider these broken promises. The descendants of treaty signatories are still trying to protect their territories, using the land claims process and initiating rights-based arguments in court.
Differences in the interpretation of treaties have also affected attitudes towards the Crown-Indigenous relationship over time. The scripts of the older treaties express the legalistic and imperialistic frame of mind of the British. On these documents, Indigenous leaders often marked their approval by drawing a picture of the animal totem of their clan. These designs demonstrate the different attitudes of Indigenous nations and the colonial government towards law, government, nature and society. These differences have, however imperfectly, been incorporated over the years into the institutional structures of Canada through the treaty making process.
Treaties have been viewed as everything from domestic contracts to international treaties between sovereign powers. In spite of inadequacies in the negotiation, maintenance and renewal of Indigenous treaties, the process itself demonstrates that Canada has grown and developed according to constitutional principles wherein recognition of Indigenous rights is essential. These founding agreements between peoples constitute fundamental features in the unfolding drama of Canadian federalism. As Canada becomes home to an increasingly diverse population, the task of interpreting the significance of Indigenous treaties for new generations of Canadians becomes ever more challenging.Except One (950 Words):
Pen knew that Marley had been studying from different books, books that had highlighted the role of how to interpret and use the Rite, whilst he had only been reading about the importance of the thaumaturge and the history of different Rendelfs who had lived and died in Honour’s Rest. Nothing would come naturally to him, he was sure, but he thought of what he would most like to do and was both shocked and pleased when he heard a cry of impressed surprise from Marley.
He turned around and saw that, just as he had intended, Marley was being harassed by a curtain which had taken the form of a lady in crinoline, just as those in Orkney had done. However, the curtains in Honour’s Rest were far larger, so Pen couldn’t help but laugh as the curtain-ladies almost enveloped his friend in their voluptuous folds.
“Now something darker, I think,” he heard Napier’s voice say, but Pen tried to close his mind to his uncle’s words and focus only on the laughter of his friend. He would not be tricked into using the Knave’s Rite, he told himself. For the first time, he found himself breathing the Rite. He could feel it flowing through him, permeating every sense he possessed and filling his mind with the knowledge and freedom it offered.
Suddenly, he felt a sharp stinging sensation against his cheek and his left eye began to water. He heard Marley’s laughter stop and turned around to face his uncle, in time to duck as Napier flicked an elastic band straight at his face.
“Stop it!” Pen shouted, desperate not to lose the Rite he was only just beginning to find. Napier paid him no attention but just flicked another band into his face. It hit the lid of his watering left eye and Pen felt the pain mixing with the Rite which was coursing through his body. It no longer felt like a freeing experience, but he and it were wrapped around one another to take revenge on the man who was causing him pain. Another elastic band whipped against his ear and he turned back to face his uncle, his eyes burning with anger.
“Stop that!” he screamed again, and he felt the force of his anger leave him for a second and strike Napier. He thought his uncle would fall, but Napier seemed to catch Pen’s anger in his hands and, after moulding it slightly for a moment, he threw it back at his nephew.
Pen felt himself growing angrier. He could almost visualise the Knave’s Rite weaving its way around his body, his blood coloured by it and his watering eyes glowing as furiously red as they felt. He could see his uncle winding that invisible skein around his fingers, and Pen wanted to snatch it away and leave Napier helpless to whatever revenge he chose to take against the man who had so painfully dragged him from the happiest state he had ever known.
He glanced up at one of the enormous swords which was hanging on the wall and imagined himself severing the Rite which kept it there. His own was more powerful, as it lived and breathed along with him. Pen could see his uncle still winding the ridiculous invisible skein around his fingers and felt a sudden superiority. He did not need music or ridiculous hand gestures to wield the Rite. He could do whatever he wished just by thinking, breathing, knowing…
“That’s enough,” he heard Napier say, but that only made him angrier.
It was fine then, he thought bitterly, for his uncle to make him experience the Rite like a performing monkey and then shock him out of the experience through pain.
The sword began to shuffle away from its moorings, causing a cascade of dust and spiders’ webs to fall the twenty feet. He heard Marley calling his name, but he didn’t care. At that moment, he just wanted to show his uncle that he had the power, ability and focus to punish him for his actions.
“Stop that!” Napier shouted, just as his nephew had done seconds before. But Pen was no less stubborn than his uncle, and the sword continued to move across the room. “Stop that now!”
The hint of panic in Napier’s voice gave Pen a sense of satisfaction. He had achieved what Marley had not. He could see Napier’s fingers working frantically as he wound the Rite around them. The sword was now above his head, the pointed tip of the blade only six feet above him. With an angry cry, Pen sent it crashing down, commanding it to reach its target no matter whether or not Napier stepped out of the way.
There was a loud crash of metal as the sword fell on the floor, and the noise seemed to bring Pen back to his senses. The anger was gone, but it had been replaced with a sickening feeling of remorse and guilt which was already feasting on his insides.
“I’m so sorry,” he said.
His uncle’s face was almost as white as his right index finger, around which he had pulled the Rite tightly to prevent the sword from hitting him. Napier looked at him in silence for a few moments before shaking his head.
“It can’t be helped,” he said, his voice as calm as ever. “I should have known you had it in you. And every Rendelf must face the darker side of his apprentice sooner or later. I should be grateful it happened before you have full control of the Rite. I’ll tidy this place up. You two go and enjoy what’s left of the sunshine.”
Thank you for hosting my blog tour! I hope you enjoyed the book 😁Paintller's Painting & Wallcovering
Serving theAsbury Area
Residential Painting and Wallpaper covering. 30 Years Experience Call for a free estimate! Wallpaper Hanging, Wallpaper removing, Home Improvements, Painti
8. Hollinger Quality Painting
Serving theAsbury Area
If you're looking to renovate or sell your home, count on the house painters at Hollinger Quality Painting in Tuscaloosa, AL for superior painting services.
15. Five Star Painting of Dothan
Five Star Painting provides high-quality, professional residential and commercial painting services. Our top-rated customer service standards are backed by t
19. Sherwin-Williams Paint Store
Sherwin-Williams of Dothan, AL has exceptional quality products, personalized advice and color resources you need to bring your ideas to life. Painti
20. Southern Heritage Painting
Re-paints, residential, interior/exterior and power cleaning. Free estimatesThis morning, it’s Valentine’s day … It wasn’t planned to invite Pépite this particularly day but the band which composed the most beautiful love song of the year is our guest today! “Les Bateaux”, a song that made me capsize. Completely upside down. A melancholic song about this guy, at the beach, who looks freighter boats further offshore, passing by the coast, as his past love. A redemption song which give me chills.
Melancholic dandies
Pépite is a two guys band. They sing about love, time and travels with such a melancholic way. The past is also everywhere in their songs. I don’t think that means the past is more important than the present for them. But it seams that they only talk about the past as a huge force that you have to control to move on in order to embrace your future. You can travel around the world, you will not be able to go back in time. If “traveling always bring you back to the same shores” (“Les Voyages te ramènent toujours aux même rivages”), these same shores also can make you capsize. As trips and shipwrecks, the past make you what you are, and now deal with it, sing about it, build your future with it.
Talking about shores
Talking about travel, heartbreaks, desire for sweet life, makes you want to go. Find out by yourself if, after the trip, the shores had changed or not, if it will make you capsize or not. As the perfect soundtrack of all initiatory trips, their organ filled songs which can lightly touch you and change your soul, like the elephant frightened by mice.
Anyway, it makes me want to take you far away, to discover with you new shores. To sail away to rejoin the Londonian Reginald Omas Mamod IV in Cuba, then navigate to Brazil and meet Phillipi & Rodrigo (Fatnotronic) and finally passing by the Cameroun and listen Cerrone and Manu dibango tell you about frenetic love. And who knows? Maybe you’ll not see your departure shores like before…
Pépite’s selection :
LA Priest - Onio
Pépite: “This one is just the best track of the year, as a big fan of dub I can only bow to this song. The production is unbelieveable, lyrics too, and not to mention the solo at the end… The album is as good as this track, perfect for remembering last night and dance in the bed.”
Paul Hazan – Child of Nature
Pépite: “Paul Hazan is an old friend, he got a beautiful voice and his guitar/voice cover of the first version of “Jealous Guy is just perfect for sunday mornings. Especially that this version is quite rare.”
Flavien Berger – Life in a New Motion
Pépite: “This is a Poni Hoax’s track which I love. Vibes are very glamor. The clip is beautiful too. I discover this Flavien Berger’s cover one year ago and I find it as good as the original, the mere act of having translated the lyrics gives another dimension to the song. And we don’t often hear Flavien Berger singing like that, with just a piano. He has a great voice, and choirs are incredibly hypnotic !”
That’s all folks, thanks to Pépite for their beautiful song and for being our guest this week. Celestin, it’s everytime a honor to see your illustrations ! Have a good sunday !
Maxime.Kalamazoo-based Fox is a blues/rock band with history. The band's members — Chris Sinclair, John Lawrence and Carman Goodrich — met in middle school. They took that friendship one step further, adding instruments to their repertoire and creating what is now known as Fox.
The band doesn't stick to one thing, however. During the course of a live show, Sinclair, Lawrence and Goodrich trade instruments, each showcasing their individual skills throughout the set.
Recently, the band debuted a double EP, Fox/Chris Sinclair, which features blues/rock jams like "High Tide Rising," "Big Fred" and "Let Me Down." The EP is currently available for download at soundcloud.com/foxtheband/sets/fox. See the band live on Feb. 28 at Rupert's Brew House in Kalamazoo or March 6 at House of Pancakes in Grand Rapids.
In the meantime, here's "Big Fred" for your listening pleasure.The innovative team at Choson Exchange have published their 2013 annual report. It is full of interesting information on the DPRK’s business sector as well as interesting information on their “Women in Business Program”.
You can read the report and a summary here.
Geoffrey See also wrote an article about the project for 38 North.Daily NK
Kim Young Jin
1/31/2007
The Daily NK had conducted commodity price research in northern and southern North Korea from the end of last year to this January. According to the research result, rice price, despite some regional difference, averaged around 1000 NK won per kilogram. The price of North Korea’s most fundamental grain differed based on local rice production and whether it was inland or border area.
In Sinuiju, a city bordered with Chinese Manchuria, residents enjoyed relatively low price of rice due to the city’s proximity to China and breadbasket of the country, Pyongan Province. Sinuiju’s rice price was as follows: North Korean rice 850 won per kg, South Korean one 870 per kg, and Chinese imports 800/kg. Other than rice, every item showed little increase in price except for pork meat (2500 won per kg).
Basic Prices – January 4, 2007
Rice (1kg):
Sinuiju – 830 (produced in NK), 800(produced in China)
Kangdong – 750(produced in NK), 850 (produced in South Korea)
Kangdong hosts a military hosptial and military camp. Consequently, it maintains an excess supply of rice, making rice cheaper in Kangdong than in Sinuiju.
Corn (1kg): Sinuiju – 340 (NK), 300 (China)
Pork (1kg): 2400~2500
An egg: 250
A chicken (2kg): 7000
Soy bean oil (1kg): 3300
Salt (1kg): 230
Wheat flour (1kg) 900
Diesel oil (1kg)/Gasoline (1kg) 2200 / 2700
Exchange rate (a dollar) 3,270 / 1Yuan = 425won
In northernmost North Korea, Chongjin had had relatively high rice price. The port city close to Russia had been quarantined since outbreak of scarlet fever. In Chongjin, both North and South Korean rice cost around 1000 won/kg, and Chinese 900 won/kg.
The reason for stability of rice price around 1000 won/kg in North Korea is, in spite of what is happening outside the country, steady supply of the grain to meet next year’s demand. And moreover, stocking up or price regulations, which usually occur when shortage in rice production is expected, had not happened yet.
Given current rice circulation in private market, this spring would not be as bad as outsiders worry. Informers say that they could smuggle rice out of China whenever necessary.
Meanwhile, North Korea’s won had been weakened consistently. In second half of last year, market exchange rate was 2950 won per dollar; it is now 3270 won/ US dollar. Won per Chinese yuan has risen from 375 won/ 1yuan to 425 won/ yuan during the same time period.
In general raise in exchange rate forces commodities price to increase; however in North Korea, prices heavily depend on change in supply rate since the country is suffering ongoing shortage of it. For example, last year when the army started selling its gasoline stockpile, oil price fell from 3000 won/ kg to 2500-2600 won/kg in one month.
northern provinces prices for December 2006
NK rice-1000
SK rice-1000
Chinese rice-900
Corn-340
Wheat flour-800
Pork (1kg)-2500
An egg-300
Cabbage-350
radish-200
Potato-250
Soy bean oil-3200
sugar-2200
seasoning-5000
Pepper paste-1500
Gasoline-3200
Socks-1000
There are much cheaper kind of socks, around 200won.
Sports shoes (produced in China)-4000
There are lots of different goods according to the qualities.
Headache specific- 10
Ballpointpen-300
pencil-100
The NK products cost 10 or 20 won
A note book-1000
There are price differences depending on the sizes of notebooks.
Land tax (per 4 sq. yds)-46
Exchange rate (a dollar)-3200
1 Yuan-14805 May Watch Formula Drift Atlanta LIVE! In Automobiles BMW Chevrolet Datsun Dodge Drifting Extreme Sports Eye Candy Featured Ford Formula Drift Lexus Mazda Nissan Scion Subaru ToyotaBy Ken Stouffer Watch Formula Drift Atlanta LIVE! Friday Qualifying (All times Eastern): PRO: 2:45PM PRO2: 7:15PM Saturday Eliminations (All Times Eastern): Top 32: 3:15PM Top 16: 7:30PM You might also like Mike Ryan’s Size Matters 3 “Speedy Delivery” Posted on Nov 06, 2019Nov 08, 2019 Slideshow: People & Faces of the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Posted on Mar 23, 2018 5 Minutes With: Noah Gragson of Kyle Busch Motorsports Posted on Mar 07, 2018Mar 07, 2018 Ken Stouffer I've been around some form of racing since I was a kid. First hanging around Ascot in Southern California. Then, after moving to Texas as a teen, I got hooked on drag racing and did that for almost fifteen years. In between I have raced Dirt bikes and Quads. 2011 Marked my 8th and final year racing up Pikes Peak: Five in the Pro Quad division and three in Time Attack. Future racing plans are in the works, but until then I'm at the track shooting for My Life at Speed as much as I possibly can. Visit Site → Post navigation Previous Previous post: First Light – The story behind the McLaren MP4/1Next Next post: Happy Mother’s Day To Racing MomsLocations in Chadds Ford, Devon, and Malvern
Chadds Ford
(610)361-9800
451 Wilmington West Chester Pike,
Glen Mills, PA 19342
Malvern
(610)296-2222
240 Lancaster Ave
Malvern, PA 19355
Monday: Closed
Tuesday: 11:30AM – 10PM
Wednesday: 11:30AM – 10PM
Thursday: 11:30AM – 11PM
Friday: 11:30AM – 12AM
Saturday: 11:30AM – 12AM
Sunday: 11:30AM – 9PM
McKenzie Brew House is the best restaurant brewery in Malvern and Chadds Ford.
Since 2001, our family has served delicious upscale foods and unique craft beers in fun bars and spacious indoor and outdoor dining areas.
Grab a seat at the bar for happy hour and pair firecracker wings and a tasty burger with a glass of wine, craft cocktail or fresh beer on tap.
Dine with friends and family and order nachos, salads, roast beef sandwiches, crab cakes, baby back ribs and steaks for everyone to enjoy.
Hosting an event or private party? Whether it’s a social gathering, celebration or corporate event, McKenzie has perfect private spaces and party venues for you!
We are a third-generation family business passionate about food, beer and genuine hospitality.
Ready to try the best restaurant brewery in Malvern and Chadds Ford?
Visit us for lunch, dinner, late night, happy hour and weekend brunch. We look forward to serving you!The question of who will take over The New York Review of Books when Robert Silvers passes the torch is a good one. Surely it’s one of the most desirable jobs in all of publishing.
The NYRB Mantle
Maybe Now You Can Understand It.
An Act of Courage
Not Just the Mind’s Eye
A new Tumblr, The Composites, takes descriptions of characters from novels and feeds them through police composite sketch software to produce images of their “faces.” Creepy and cool. (via kottke).)
Modernist Myth Making
A look at how H. D.‘s interpretation of Helen of Troy differs from the traditional.
Born in New Orleans, raised in New Orleans
Recommended Reading: The Oxford American just unlocked David Ramsey’s 2008 piece on “How Lil Wayne helped me survive my first year teaching in New Orleans.”.Angella Dravid asks: is the Interislander theme song actually about death?
Could there be a more sinister meaning behind this iconic, feelgood tune? Angella Dravid investigates.
2:47
A Christchurch racing club is offering ‘kiddie picks’, where children bet on the horses and get lollies if they pick a winner. Inspired, The Spinoff TV’s Hayden Donnell got to work on his own R18 product for kids..
The BE100 U18 programme allows riders to compete against their own age group and provides a stepping stone up to Pony Trials/Pony Squad or the Novice U18 Regional Programme. The country is divided into eight regions and every year, each region holds a minimum of four qualifying competitions giving riders the opportunity to be selected for their regional team.
Jessica!”.Actor Robert Pattinson was worried about losing out on playing Batman on the Hollywood screen before he got confirmed for the role.
Advertisement
In an interview to Time Out magazine, Pattinson spoke about how he got annoyed by the speculations linking him to the part before anything had been confirmed, and was worried that all the unconfirmed reports doing the rounds at that stage would cost him a chance to play the Caped Crusader, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
He said: “I hadn’t even done the audition. It’s just nerve-wracking because I was really excited about it and you think: really, is this how I’m going to lose this role? It’s the most annoying circumstances to lose something.
“Everyone was like: ‘Is that true, is that true?’ And it wasn’t true at the time, I hadn’t got the job. It was pretty terrifying.”
Advertisement
“The Batman” is directed by Matt Reeves, who made his mark calling the shots on films as ‘Cloverfield”, “Dawn OF The Planet Of The Apes”, and “War For The Planet Of The Apes”. The upcoming superhero film will mark a reboot for the Batman franchise based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is being developed as the 10th film in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU).
Trending
Matt Reeves has written the screenplay with Mattson Tomlin, and the film features Pattinson as Bruce Wayne / Batman, with Jeffrey Wright essaying Commissioner Gordon of Gotham city. Zoe Kravitz plays Catwoman while Andy Serkis is cast as Wayne’s butler Alfred Pennyworth. Peter Sarsgaard is said to have a special appearance in the film.
Paul Dano, Colin Farrell, and John Turturro will play the troika of antagonists in the film — Riddler, Penguin and Carmine Falcone respectively.
“The Batman” is slated to open on June 25, 2021.
Android & IOS users, download our mobile app for faster than ever Bollywood & Box Office updates!
Advertisement.
Advertisement now.
- Apporter is only for inanimate things you can carry.
- Amener is for people, animals, and vehicles.
Par exemple…
To take
Emporter and emmener are used when you are taking someone/something to a different place than you are right now.
- Emporter is only for inanimate things you can carry.
- Emmener is for people, animals, or vehicles.
Par exemple…En résumé … However …
Despite the actual variations in meaning, amener tends to be used for all of the above in colloquial French. In other words, it’s a good idea to understand the difference between all four verbs, but it may not be required, as French speakers often use only amener. C’est la vie, eh? 🙂
To take back, to take again / To bring back, to bring again
There are four related French verbs: ramener, remmener, rapporter, and remporter, which mean to take back/again or to bring back/again. Note that these are the exact same verbs with the addition of the prefix r–, which simply adds the meaning "again" or "back" to the verb. The nuance of people/animals/vehicles vs portable things remains exactly the same.Note: Rapporter also belongs to another group of confusable verbs: to return.
LKL’s Top Secret Tips!
Here are my simple tricks for remembering which verb is which:
- The verbs with -men- within the word (amener, emmener, etc) are the ones that have to be used with people (sorry feminists :-), animals, and vehicles. The ones with -port- are used with portable objects.
- The ones that start with e- (or re-) mean take, because "take" has an e and "bring" doesn’t.
Verb ConjugationsRelated lesson
You must log in to post a comment.Director Jeff Nichols cited the 1977 Steven Spielberg classic CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND as one of his primary inspirations for the new MIDNIGHT SPECIAL. But while the two films work toward a similar ending, they don't necessarily work toward the same ends. In this half, we dig into the wonders and optimism of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS, and the many ways in which the film reflects both its director and its era. Plus, we share some of the great feedback we received from our PSYCHO/10 CLOVERFIELD L...more
Pastime is not the owner of the podcast content presented on this page. Pastime is not affiliated with nor endorses this content. © 2017 PastimePopular Mining-Encyclopedia of Articles#3-Plans-DIY-Gold Prospecting History(H33
This How-To-Do-It magazinewas published from 1984-96 by Action Mining, written by miners from aroundthe world.
We are now compiling all the articles intobook format (no ads). Loaded with plans, pictures,drawings & tips on all sorts of subjects. Each Volume has 100+ of articles fromthe beginning of PM, including an Index for easy subject search. This ad is for Volume 1 of 5 and includes the following plus more;
Articles include;
Flood Gold
Lost Sandstone Gold
Refining Scrap Gold
Sniping with a detector & Drywasher
Fine Gold Recovery from Black Sands
Learning from Old Timers
How to file a claim
Identifying Gold Ores
Fire Assaying
Bucket Screens
Underwater Mining
Salt & Silver
The art of Shoring
Plans for a gas Compressor and Many more over 100 articles in 239 PagesKirk Herbstreit’s latest top-six
Seven weeks of college football have come and gone in a year that has been nothing short of wild. What is still to come remains to be seen but if the first month-and-a-half is any indicator, it’ll be a wild last couple of months.
As he does each week, Kirk Herbstreit has released his top-six teams of the season to date. It’s no surprise that Notre Dame isn’t included as the Irish sit with one loss but how high does the team that blemish came against check in?
Here is how Herbstreit sees the top six:
Next 2:
Adam Cairns/Columbus Dispatch
Just missing the coveted top four spots which would mean a College Football Playoff berth are a couple of powerhouse rivals as Herbstreit lists Ohio State and Michigan in his “Next 2” category.
These two are set to meet on November 27 in Ann Arbor.
4. Cincinnati
USA TODAY Network
The Bearcats won easily over UCF this weekend, 56-21, but stayed at number four in Herbstreit’s rankings despite a team that ranked ahead of them last week falling.
3. Alabama
Credit: John David Mercer-USA TODAY Sports
Alabama blew out Mississippi State 49-9 on Saturday and moved up multiple spots after being in Herbstreit’s “Next 2” last week.
2. Oklahoma
USA TODAY Network
The Sooners appear to have their quarterback issues worked out and look scary as they check-in at No. 2 in Herbstreit’s rankings.
1. Georgia
USA TODAY Network
Time will tell if they can finish the mission but you’re not going to find a more impressive team through the first seven weeks than unbeaten Georgia, who Herbstreit understandably ranks No. 1.
Herbstreit's Tweet
My top 4 after week 7
1-@GeorgiaFootball
2-@OU_Football
3-@AlabamaFTBL
4-@GoBearcatsFB
Next 2@OhioStateFB @UMichFootball
— Kirk Herbstreit (@KirkHerbstreit) October 17, 2021
Who of the six will be the next to suffer a loss?
Related:
Notre Dame-USC: fun facts about epic rivalry
Notre Dame injury update ahead of USC game
Notre Dame releases depth chart for USC game
1
1University of Montana law school announces new leadership
The University of Montana Alexander Blewett Law School is handing over leadership responsibilities to a trio of professors, officially effective Monday. Monte Mills, Sara Rinfret and Cathay Y.N. Smith will serve as acting deans, an announcement from the university on Tuesday said. “I’m grateful to Professors Mills, Rinfret, and...billingsgazette.comPNG File Name: Watford F.C Background PNG Image
Dimension: 2400x2400
Size: 257 Kb
Image Format: .png
Uploader: Arsh
Filed under: Sports
PNG Keywords:
Embed HTML/Forum Codes:
Download free Watford F.C Background PNG Image filed under Sports with its associated tags Watford F.C, available in a high-quality transparent PNG image. This file was uploaded by user: Arsh. The exact dimension of this transparent background PNG is 2400x2400 with the total size of 257 Kb resolution.i love both bands equally...both great death metal with heavy keyboard use kalmah has a faster, more brutally melodic sound.. and i think their percussion is better than CoB's.. just gets me going every time CoB has that "power metal" feel to them, but they also chug out some great riffs, and no one can deny alexi's incredible solo ability :]Asdrúbal Cabrera and his his Southwest Ranches mansion (Getty)
Major League Baseball player Asdrúbal Cabrera sold his Southwest Ranches mansion for $7.4 million.
Records show the Cincinnati Reds third baseman sold the house at 1700 Stratford Court to a Delaware-registered entity. Cabrera and his wife Lismar Del Valle Barrios bought the 2.6-acre property in 2016 for $1 million. The two-story, modern home was built last year.
Cabrera made his major league debut in 2007 with the Cleveland Indians and has played for eight teams, including the New York Mets from 2015 to 2018.
Designed by architecture firm Choeff Levy Fishman and built by custom home developer Landmark Custom Homes, the 9,300-square-foot mansion has seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and two half-bathrooms.
Giselle Bonetti with Coldwell Banker, who represented the sellers, said the property sold for $791 a square foot, setting the record for highest price per square foot in Landmark Ranch Estates, the only gated community in Southwest Ranches where celebrities and athletes have set up homesteads.
“A lot of these young athletes want to be in close proximity to Miami and Fort Lauderdale, but want the privacy that lets them get up and work out on their own property,” Bonetti said. “This house sits on a private preserve, and the way the architect laid it out, every single room has unobstructed views of the most beautiful sunsets you will ever see. That is what really sold this house.”
Miguel Serrano with Douglas Elliman, who is the exclusive listing agent for developer Landmark, represented the buyer. Serrano said his clients had been house hunting for about six months, including looking at modern waterfront homes east of I-95.
“They saw this house and understood it was a great value,” Serrano said. “As the market has become so frenzied and competitive, buyers are opening up to the possibility of looking inland to suburbia for these kinds of special offerings.”
Serrano said modern custom homes by Landmark range from $6 million to $16 million. “Those prices are 40 percent less than a similar-sized home in Miami Beach,” he said. “They sacrifice the Intracoastal, but they get more land.”
In August, Miami Dolphins linebacker Kyle Van Noy and his wife bought a 2.3-acre property with a six-bedroom home in Landmark Ranches for $2.6 million. Last year, former NFL wide receiver Brandon Marshall, who also played for the Dolphins, sold his Landmark Estates mansion for $4.3 million. The property is near Cabrera’s mansion.Australia - New South Wales, Sydney - AU
Job Summary
Our Infrastructure Advisory business is looking for a highly driven Infrastructure Economist to join the Infrastructure Strategy & Economics team based in Sydney. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to contribute to the planning and delivery of high-profile infrastructure projects for a broad range of clients. We are looking for an agile individual who loves analysing and solving problems and who values excellent client and customer service across transport, infrastructure, buildings and precincts, and government.
The team offers services including business case development, financial and economic analysis, strategic advice, feasibility and pre-feasibility advice and infrastructure prioritisation. The successful candidate will be responsible for applying strong technical capabilities when assessing our clients’ problems in a dynamic environment. You will be required to have demonstrated competencies in providing technically informed advisory services, including strong report production and excel skills, as well as a passion for developing good client relationships and helping to win work.
Minimum Requirements
SKILLS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide infrastructure advisory and consulting services to public and private clients
Support development of business cases, asset decision frameworks and technical advisory services, collaboratively drawing on expertise within the team and the company
Build and maintain relationships with clients and key internal and external stakeholders
Work as a member of multi-disciplinary teams, providing support to senior business leaders and leadership to junior staff
Help grow a team focused on delivering high standards of service and growing the practice.
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
High level skills in developing and analysing economic, financial and operational models and articulating results and recommendations effectively
Experience in excel-based analysis, business cases and policy/investment advice
Demonstrated ability to foster and strengthen external and internal relationships
Experience in infrastructure projects, such as transport, urban precincts, or other asset classes
Ability to think strategically and show commercial acumen
Good written and verbal communication skills, both verbal and written, with ability to engage effectively with a wide range of stakeholders to communicate complex concepts in a way that everyone understands
Bachelor’s degree or higher in commerce/economics, finance, and/or engineering disciplines, or similar.
This role may suit experienced individuals from a range of professional backgrounds, however experience within a consulting environment or relevant government agency is preferred. - Advisory
Business Line Transportation
Business Group Design and Consulting Services Group (DCS)
Country Australia
Position Status Full-Time
Requisition/Vacancy No. 249952BR
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.There are currently no items in your cart.
Fantasie fur das Orgel
Digital Sheet Music
By Karl Konrad Welty
Digital Sheet Music
By Karl Konrad Welty
Organ, Trumpet, Tuba, Violin, Double Bass, Chamber Orchestra, Organ solo, Hammond Novachord and Taurus pedals - Advanced Intermediate - Digital Download
Composed by Karl Konrad Welty. 21st Century, Contemporary Classical, Impressionistic, Modern, Post-Modern. Score. 8 pages. Published by Karl Konrad Welty (S0.471203).
Item Number: S0.471203
An original modern work for Organ. Single or dual manual plus pedals. Can also be played with two violins and upright bass. Brass could also be appropriate. A waltz in 6/4. 112 bpm suggested, Moderato in general. Marcato strings or violoncelle stops. The organist or musicians are encouraged to experiment with tempo, rubato, dynamics and registration. The demo was recorded with Hammond Novachord and Taurus pedal
$15.99
$15.00
$12.99
$15.00
$21.95 $17.56
$20.00
$9.95
$24.95
$85.00
$15.99
$7.95
$18.00
$16.00
$49.95
$55.00
$26.00
$8.99
$3.99 $3.79BFGoodrich is an American tire company known for Skip's Tire, you receive the lowest total price including installation on a wide selection of BFGoodrich tires. If you do find a lower price elsewhere, Skip's BFGOODRICH TIRES
Get the lowest total price guaranteed!
Enter your location below to search for a store.View All LocationsWritten by HelenWil
"Just returned home from seeing the Dream boys and we all left feeling very disappointed. The show..."
Read more
Written by Gleasonww95
"Hen do booked & many paid in full. 2 weeks later told hotel rooms unavailable & we’d have to tra..."
Written by Mumarranging
"My dealings with Freedom Ltd has been going on for over 2 years because of Covid and lockdown.
I ..."
Written by SweetSusan1980
"It took a bit of arranging and re-arranging but we had a fantastic time in Newcastle organised by..."
Written by Jennifergarner
"We had a hen do planned unfortunately at the start of the pandemic we rebboked for last year stil..."
Written by paul_holmes
"I couldn't leave less than one star sadly but the hen party weekend my daughter had from the 30th..."
Written by 167Holloway
"This organisation were very quick to take our £1,000 and then THEY cancelled the event due to res..."
Written by Biancay156
"We booked my daughter’s hen party through Fantastic Weekends in January 2021. It was a large hous..."
Written by Guest
"I can honestly say they are a great company to deal with my trip didn’t go ahead, but they were a..."
Written by ALT123466
"We had planned to have a stripper for my friends Hen do to make it extra special! Due to covid-1..."The following are the items available for sale related to Teradyne at SDI fabsurplus.com. To inquire about the Teradyne equipment item you need, click on the relevant link below to get more details, and inquiry if interested. If no result is shown, please try to search for another item or inquiry us about your request of Teradyne items.Humboldt Soap Co
Pink Rose Natural Oat Lotion
- Regular price
- $15.00 USD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $15.00 USD
- Unit price
- per
Specially formulated to moisturize dry skin:
- Organic Babassu Butter offers soothing, protective and emollient properties. It has the ability of penetrating the skin quickly and will not leave skin feeling greasy.
- Organic Shea Butter contains high concentrations of fatty acids and vitamins which soften skin and has anti-inflammatory and healing properties.
- Cocoa Butter is contains natural plant compounds called phytochemicals which are said to improve blood flow to the skin slowing skin aging by protecting against damage from the sun’s harmful UV rays. Cocoa butter is also said to smooth scars, wrinkles, and other marks on the skin.
- Olive Oil can help prevent signs of photo-aging and sun damage.
- Avocado Oil is known to prevent dryness and signs of aging.
- Vitamin E Oil is known for it's anti-aging effects and to help repair sun damage.
- Colloidal Oat is said to soothe skin and help relieve itchy skin issues.
- Honeyquat is a natural humectant which draws and holds in moisture.
This thick and rich skin nourishing lotion is extra moisturizing and a healthy way to care for your skin. The aromatic aroma of fresh cut roses will transport your senses to a rose garden in bloom.
For best results apply liberally after using your HSC handcrafted soap.
Ingredients: distilled water, Olive Oil, Emulsifying Wax, Organic Shea Butter, Avocado Oil, Organic Babassu Butter, Cocoa Butter, Stearic Acid, Vegetable Glycerin, Vitamin E Oil, Colloidal Oat, Honeyquat, Phenoxethanol (and) Caprylyl Glycol (and) Sorbic Acid (paraben free preservative), Fragrance.
Choose starter bottle or refill in compostable packaging.
HSC has taken action to show we care about our planet by using compostable plant based cellulose packaging whenever possible, also by offering compostable refill bags. Instead of receiving a new product container with each re-order of Natural Oat Lot. The moisture in your product can quicken the composting of the refill bag. It's best to empty the contents of this refill bag into a non-compostable container sooner than later. Do not leave the contents in this refill bag for more than 4 weeks maximum.
In our age, a great deal of things are made and delighted in remote. It is designated independence from wires which is as it should be. So these days, we’re seeing many individuals turning in their PCs for workstations. With a PC, processing is made more portable. So you can accomplish your work in your office, lounge, room or even the local bistro.
However, previously, even workstations must be wired to interface with the Internet. Obviously, you need to do it on the grounds that the Internet is a great device and you need to exploit it to augment your PC’s latent capacity. Nonetheless, it introduced impediments. Regardless of whether you have a versatile PC, you cannot generally do anything on the web outside the 3 foot link of your Internet association.
Fortunately, Wi-Fi switches were created to deal with this worry. You would now be able to accomplish independence from wires with the assistance of a switch. You should simply attach the switch with your Internet association and arrange your PC to identify its settings so you can interface with the Internet. With this, the 3 foot restriction became 50 meters or somewhere in the vicinity. Yet, there are impediments.
The present circumstance is more awful in case you’re inside a house or a structure. Dividers and rooftops can undoubtedly keep signals from going through. So here and there, you cannot interface with the switch even inside your own home. This RangeXTD is the place where a remote recieving wire booster can help you. It is a basic arrangement in the event that you need to expand the scope of your switch or on the off chance that you simply need an all the more remarkable signal.
So how can it work? It is extremely straightforward, truly. All you require to do is un-screw the production line reception apparatus of your switch and supplant it with the remote radio wire booster and you’re finished. You do not need to guide it to your PC. You currently have an all the more remarkable signal that has a farther reach. It is additionally useful that it would not be eased back somewhere near dividers and furniture. This implies that you can at long last get an association when you’re in your cellar or carport.
You should simply check your switch. To begin with, it must have an external recieving wire. Check the recieving wire port and you’ll probably observe that it is a ¼ inch port since that is the standard for switches. Since most boosters are fitting and play, you do not need to stress over whatever else.
In the event that you live in a structure or home that has a great deal of dividers, you should think about purchasing a remote recieving wire booster. This is additionally pertinent on the off chance that you need to extend the reach to around multiple times its ordinary reach. So get independence from wires and signal restrictions by getting one.(801) 916-8813
West Jordan
West Jordan, UT 84088
Every community has its own unique needs, and every residential management company has a different way of serving them. Here at NRN we believe that the qualities of leadership, consistency, organization, financial stewardship, communication, and personal relationships enable us to meet the variety of needs that our clients have.
apartment management companies;real estate property management ;residential property management companies;building management service;rental management company
West River Estates, UT
Property Management, Property Management Company, Home Management Service , Rental Management Company, Building Management Service
Cash, Personal CheckWhat is a Community Improvement Plan (CIP)?
A Community Improvement Plan is a municipal planning and financial tool that sets out programs and strategies for improving the built, economic and social environment in designated areas of the Township.
Through the completion of planning initiatives, strategies and several community consultations an action list has been identified by the community with respect to improving the physical, social and business environment, including:
- Stimulate business development
- Revitalize and beautify the villages and waterfront
- Encourage consistency in facades
- Promote infill, intensification and adaptive reuse
- Provide for a range of housing types
- Enhance the quality of life in South Glengarry
For more information, contact our Economic Development and Tourism Coordinator at (613) 347-1166 ext. 264.
Community Improvement Plan Intake Applications
The Township's CIP program is open on a continuous basis. If you have an upcoming project, please reach out to the Economic Development Officer at ecdev@southgengarry.com for more information.
For more information or to fill out a copy of the Community Improvement Plan Application Intake Form see the information below.
Documents and Forms
South Glengarry Community Improvement Plan
APPLY NOW! CIP APPLICATION FORM
SDG County Funding Programs
The County also has grant programs to help businesses grow:
Before and After
The Possum room is for the older 3 years children
The Team Leader provides an emergent curriculum program that is developmentally appropriate, fun and educational, based on the child’s interests and needs
There is a strong cultural learning for children to develop their social skills and confidence through self-identity to become Koori strong in learning
The Team Leader provides opportunities for children to explore, create, problem solve and challenge in which your child can develop to their full potentialKaprizov scores game-winner in OT, Wild beat Kings 4-3 in opener couldn’t have asked for a better script in a 4-3 win in overtime at the L.A. Kings Thursday night to open a 56-game season shortened due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In his NHL debut, Kirill Kaprizov scored the game-winning goal in overtime and added two assists. He turned heads with his speed and skill during training camp at TRIA Rink, but the Wild found out what they have in their 2015 top draft choice under the bright lights Thursday night.
He didn’t disappoint.
"When you have no fear as a staff to put somebody on the ice that’s special like that, it makes it a very easy decision. It lifted the spirits for us after the game, I can tell you that. We were pretty excited. It’s real early, but it was certainly a fun game," Wild coach Dean Evason said.
"He’s a great kid, he works so hard so he’s very deserving of everything that came his way tonight. He’s something else. He gets the puck on that breakaway and you see what he does. Everyone who was watching the game can see that he’s a special talent. That’s why they call him ‘Dolla Bill Kirill,'" defenseman Matt Dumba said.
Kaprizov started with the primary assist on Jonas Brodin’s goal at the 16:06 mark of the first period to give the Wild a 1-0 lead. Minnesota was down 3-1 after two periods, then rallied with a pair of goals six minutes apart in the third period to force overtime. Victor Rask scored at the 3:15 mark on assists from Kaprizov and Matt Dumba to get the Wild within 3-2.
Fresh off signing a three-year, $9.3 million extension, Marcus Foligno scored the game-tying goal at the 9:42 mark.
The two teams got to overtime, where the Wild started with a 4-on-3 power play that spilled over from the end of regulation. It ended without a goal, but Kaprizov provided the final fireworks.
With 13 seconds left before a shootout, Kaprizov stole what should’ve been a simple backwards pass to a defenseman and was all alone for a breakaway. In the process of juking to his forehand on Jonathan Quick, the puck caromed off his left skate and under Quick’s pads for the game-winning goal. The score stood after a review, since Kaprizov didn’t have a clear kicking motion to get the puck in the net.
What was Evason thinking as the play developed?
"Please score. The guys were actually saying he lost the puck, but anytime you get a breakaway 3-on-3, it’s pretty exciting," Evason said.
In his first game with the Wild, Cam Talbot made 31 saves on 34 L.A. shots on goal.
Advertisement
The Wild wins its opener, Kaprizov collects three points and scores the game-winner in a debut five years in the making. The Wild revamped their roster in the offseason, and it should be a fun group to watch in 2021.Bad winters usually translate into good business for the Port of Windsor, and a big spike in 2017 sales of its No. 1 export — salt — is helping make this year one of its best ever.
“We’re having a terrific year so far — shipping is up about 20 per cent till the end of September,” said David Cree, president and CEO of the Windsor Port Authority.
Windsorites enjoyed a relatively mild 2016-17 winter, but many of the other K+S Windsor Salt Ltd. clients endured a harsher-than-usual season, resulting in higher-than-normal road salt demand. Cree said Port of Windsor salt exports as of Sept. 30 were up more than 30 per cent over the same period in 2016.
Gravel and other construction aggregates, the local port’s No. 2 shipped product, was up more than eight per cent; grain, in third spot, was up 28 per cent and “general cargo” — primarily steel — shot up 27 per cent, indicating a healthy economy with lots of construction.
This year’s shipping volumes will probably not match those of the 2015 record year, but Cree said the last five years have been “very good” and 2017 so far is ahead of projections.
Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway cargo shipments as a whole are up 14 per cent over 2016 volumes as of the end of September, the St. Lawrence Seaway Management Corporation reported Tuesday. The total of 24.3 million metric tons in cargo shipped from March 20 to Sept. 30 represents a three million tonne jump from the same period in 2016.
Tuesday was Marine Day on the Hill, when the Chamber of Marine Commerce and shipping executives and their customers meet with Canadian federal government representatives. Despite the high cargo volumes carried by ships in the Great Lakes, Cree said there is still “lots of room to grow … without any additional infrastructure requirements.”
The Port of Windsor’s 13 terminals are, on average, under 60 per cent capacity, he said.
With “tremendous potential to grow,” Chamber of Marine Commerce president Bruce Burrows told officials that government needed to recognize “marine shipping’s significant environmental and economic benefits in its approach to transportation planning and policy-making.”
From the beginning of the 2017 shipping season to the end of September, about 70 freighters picked up 1.5 million tonnes of salt in Windsor, said Cree. During that period, 494 cargo ships stopped in the Port of Windsor (compared to 466 in 2016), loading or unloading about 3.8 million tonnes of cargo.
Weather, market demand and maintenance schedules usually mean Windsor sees its last freighter stops of the year by about mid-December, said Cree..
STX Entertainment
Film Review: Prisoner of Politics! On-Air Review of ‘The Mauritanian’Submitted by PatrickMcD on February 20, 2021 - 12:39: ‘Poms’ Stumbles and Fumbles Through a Stale RoutineSubmitted by JonHC on May 13, 2019 - - 2 -.
4WD Accessories available at Pacific Tyre Group
Our 4WD superstore is now open! Visit our Everton Hills location and find a huge selection of 4WD accessories, tyres and much much more. We've got all of your 4WD needs covered!
Heading off the beaten track? Pacific Tyre Group can supply and fit 4x4 accessories for all vehicle makes and models. We have a large variety of accessories and essentials that you don’t want to leave home without, and we can advise on the right equipment to suit your needs.
Accessories that we have at Pacific Tyre Group include:
- Lift kits
- Suspension
- Snorkels
- Side steps
- Bullbars
- Driving lights
Whether you’re heading into the bush or sticking to the street, give us a call on 07 3353 1455.FREE SHIPPING IN NORTH AMERICA ON ORDERS OVER $200 (Some exclusions apply)
FREE SHIPPING IN NORTH AMERICA ON ORDERS OVER $200 (Some exclusions apply)
View all Japanese knives
Small Makers Collection
April 15, 2020 2 min read 0 Comments
Just like cast-iron skillets, Carbon Steel pans need to be seasoned to ensure they work properly and last a lifetime. Most cast-iron is more porous than carbon steel. This means that the seasoning (polymerized fat build-up) seeps into the surface, permeating it. This is why conventional wisdom holds that you shouldn’t get your cast-iron pans wet; the water will leech its way into the surface, degrading the quality of the seasoning and causing rust. The seasoning on carbon steel pans is all superficial — meaning it just builds up on the surface of the pan. Cooking bacon in it is not effective as an inaugural seasoning for carbon steel pans, instead follow the directions below for the best results!
Important: If you have a Prince Kogyo pan with a wooden handle, do not put it in the oven. You can season it over medium heat on your stove top instead.
Warm an unseasoned pan for 15 minutes in a 200-degree oven to open its pores.
Remove the pan from the oven. Place 1 tablespoon flaxseed oil in the pan and, using tongs (don’t burn yourself!), a few more times, until the pan develops a dark, semi-matte surface.
The first few things you cook in your carbon steel should be high in fat, like bacon or pork chops. As the fat renders, it will reinforce the seasoning.
While we don’t recommend aggressively scrubbing either cast-iron or carbon steel, this isespecially important in carbon steel. An abrasive steel wool pad or harsh soaps will strip the seasoning right off a carbon steel pan. Instead, use water and a drop of mild detergent on a Tawashi Brush. The gentle coconut fibres of the brush are tough on food but easy on steel. Rinse your pan in hot water and dry thoroughly to avoid rust. Wipe it down with a bit of oil and you are done!
HEATING
When using your pan over any kind of electric stove, take care to heat it slowly. Extreme uneven heat can warp the steel, so heat the pan slowly over a low temperature, and never heat it above the medium setting. A little patience on a lower setting will allow the pan to get hot enough for a great sear without damaging it..
November 26, 2021 3 min read 0 Comments
November 19, 2021 4 min read 0 Comments
November 09, 2021 3 min read 0 CommentsThe AK-50 women’s of the Georgenthal Golf Club
Sensational start of the AK50 women’s team in Bad Orb
In 2020 we founded the AK50 women’s team in our golf club. Unfortunately, due to the pandemic, we were unable to start. On the first Saturday in June we went to our very first league game in Bad Orb and were able to start the 2021 season here furiously. – Yout time-outs
Events in autumn
- Joy of the successful grape harvest
- For the first time in the Hofgut: We celebrate the Glorious Rheingau Days
Our Events
LEARN MORECorrect spelling for MONNEY
We think the word mon monney
- bonny.
- donne In his occasional poems, strongly influenced by Donne, he is best at panegyric, worst at burlesque and epigram.
- honey "Yes, an' no, honey.
- maine
- mane
- mann
- manna
- manned
- manner
- many
- meany
- mine
- miner
- mingy
- moan
- moaner
- mon
- mona
- monday
- monet
- money
- monger
- monkey
- mono
- monody
- monte
- moon
- morn
- mosey
- mourner
- sonny
- tonne
- Moaned
- Moneys
- Mooned
- Manley
- Monty
- Romney
- Minnie
- Ronny
- Donny It's your medicine-clock, Donny.
- Marne
- monies
- MINN
- mopey
- Mooney
- in-satiateDiarrhoea in children
12-minute read
Key facts
- Diarrhoea in children is very common and is often due to viral gastroenteritis.
- Children are especially vulnerable to dehydration due to diarrhoea and can quickly become very sick.
- Oral rehydration solutions are strongly recommended for infants and toddlers with diarrhoea, and for any child with frequent diarrhoea or vomiting.
- Children younger than 6 months with diarrhoea should see a doctor.
- Anti-diarrhoeal medicines are not suitable for use in children.
What is diarrhoea?
Diarrhoea is a symptom where someone’s bowel movements are more frequent or looser and they pass 3 or more loose or liquid stools (poos) per day. If the stools are soft, formed and solid, then it is not diarrhoea.
Breastfed babies may pass soft, loose stools in a mustard yellow colour, but this is not diarrhoea either. See this article for what’s normal for baby poo.
Diarrhoea in children is often due to ‘gastro’ — viral gastroenteritis — which is infectious and easily spread from person to person.
What symptoms relate to diarrhoea in children?
Children with diarrhoea may also have other symptoms, including:
- abdominal pain (tummy pain)
- vomiting
- fever or high temperature
- loss of appetite
- dehydration
Depending on the cause of the diarrhoea, the symptoms and their pattern may vary.
CHECK YOUR SYMPTOMS — Use the diarrhoea and vomiting Symptom Checker and find out if you need to seek medical help.
Signs of dehydration in babies, infants and children
Dehydration can be fatal, and babies and children are particularly vulnerable. It’s therefore important to recognise the signs of dehydration.
Babies and young children are much more likely than adults to become dehydrated when they have diarrhoea. They can become very sick very quickly and may need to go to hospital. Signs that a child is dehydrated include:
- dry mouth, tongue and lips
- sunken eyes
- being listless or irritable
- shedding fewer tears when crying
Severe dehydration is a medical emergency and can be fatal — get medical help for your child immediately. Symptoms include:
- not drinking much or refusing drink
- feeling lethargic
- producing no urine or only a very reduced amount of urine
- very sunken eyes
- very sunken fontanelle in a baby
- cold, pale or blotchy skin
- fast breathing
When should my child see a doctor?
Got to a doctor or your local hospital emergency room straightaway if a child with diarrhoea:
- is younger than 6 months or weighs less than 8 kg
- was born preterm, or has ongoing health problems
- has blood or mucus in their stool (poo) — this suggests a bacterial infection
- has severe abdominal pain or constant tummy pain
- is a baby and is doing fewer than 4 wet nappies per day
- has green vomit
- keeps vomiting
- has a high fever
- shows signs of dehydration (see above)
- cannot take in enough fluids
- is tired or drowsy
- has other worrying symptoms, such as headache or pain when weeing
- is not getting any better
FIND A HEALTH SERVICE — The Service Finder can help you find doctors, pharmacies, hospitals and other health services.
ASK YOUR DOCTOR — Preparing for an appointment? Use the Question Builder for general tips on what to ask your GP or specialist.
What causes diarrhoea in children?
There are many causes of diarrhoea in children — diarrhoea is a symptom, not a condition in itself. Conditions that can cause diarrohea in children include:
Viral gastroenteritis
Gastroenteritis is an infection of the bowel. Viruses are the most common cause of gastroenteritis in children. Rotavirus, norovirus, adenovirus and astrovirus can all cause viral gastroenteritis. The viruses are very infectious and are passed easily from person to person. Outbreaks happen more often in autumn and winter.
Viral gastroenteritis normally starts with vomiting, which can last 1 or 2 days. There may be low-grade fever. The diarrhoea, which is often watery, usually takes longer to clear up and may go on for up to a week to 10 days.
Bacterial gastroenteritis
Gastroenteritis can also be caused by bacteria, sometimes linked to food poisoning. Salmonella, E. coli, shigella and campylobacter are all bacteria that can cause gastroenteritis.
Bacterial gastroenteritis may cause blood or mucus in the stool and high fever. It comes on suddenly.
Parasites
Parasites may also cause gastroenteritis. The parasites that cause giardia and cryptosporidiosis are waterborne parasites and live in rivers, lagoons and streams throughout Australia. They may also infect swimming pools, water parks and tank water.
Giardia is common in Indigenous communities. It can cause ongoing or severe diarrhoea, stomach cramps, tiredness and weight loss. Symptoms of cryptosporidiosis include watery diarrhoea and stomach cramps, along with nausea, vomiting and loss of appetite.
Antibiotics
A course of antibiotics can sometimes wipe out 'good' bacteria as well as 'bad'. This leaves an imbalance of bacteria in the bowel, which can cause diarrhoea, and is known as antibiotic-associated diarrhoea. See your doctor if you think antibiotics have caused your child’s diarrhoea.
Clostridium difficile
Clostridium difficile (also known as C. diff) is a bacterium that lives in the bowel of many children and some adults. If C. diff starts to overgrow after a course of antibiotics, it can cause serious gastrointestinal symptoms. These include watery diarrhoea, cramping abdominal pain and fever. The symptoms can be severe, including blood in the stool. You should take your child straight to the doctor or hospital emergency room if they have blood in their poo.
Long-term causes of diarrhoea
Several long-term (chronic) health conditions can cause diarrhoea in children including:
Chronic constipation
A hard stool can become impacted and stuck in the lower bowel due to constipation. This may lead to soft stools leaking around the partial blockage, sometimes with no warning, and soiling the underwear. These episodes of ‘diarrhoea’ are known as encopresis or faecal incontinence.
Lactose intolerance
Lactose intolerance, when the body can’t digest the lactose found in milk, is uncommon in babies and children. Lactose is the sugar found in the milk produced by all mammals, including humans. When lactose intolerance does occur, it causes diarrhoea and stomach pain.
Temporary lactose intolerance sometimes occurs after gastroenteritis. If you think your baby or child is lactose intolerant, see your doctor. Don’t try and modify their diet yourself.
Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD)
Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis are 2 conditions collectively known as inflammatory bowel disease. The symptoms, including diarrhoea, can flare up and then die down (remit). A child with IBD may lose weight for no obvious reason.
Coeliac disease
Coeliac disease is an autoimmune condition where someone is abnormally sensitive to the dietary protein gluten. It can cause diarrhoea, bloating, abdominal pain, and weight loss or slow growth in children.
Malabsorption
Malabsorption syndrome refers to several disorders that affect someone’s ability to absorb nutrients from their food. A child with malabsorption may have ongoing diarrhoea and difficulty gaining weight.
If your child has diarrhoea and needs to see a doctor for any reason, they will check whether the child is dehydrated. The doctor will also ask you if they have recently been on antibiotics or had contact with anyone who had similar symptoms. Doctors don’t usually do tests if they suspect there is a short-term infectious cause of the diarrhoea, so you may never know for certain what the cause was.
How is diarrhoea in babies and children treated?
The treatment of diarrhoea in babies and children will depend on the underlying cause.
Antibiotic-associated diarrhoea: The doctor may advise you to stop or change the antibiotic.
Coeliac disease or lactose intolerance: These conditions can be treated with dietary adjustments.
Constipation: If ongoing constipation is causing faecal incontinence in your child, this will need to be managed by a doctor or a paediatrician.
Cryptosporidiosis: There is usually no specific treatment for this condition and it generally clears up by itself.
Dehydration: Your child may need to go to hospital for rehydration via a nasogastric tube, which goes down their nose into their stomach, or intravenously via a drip.
Gastroenteritis: Treatment will focus on keeping your child hydrated and replacing any lost minerals and salts. You can do this with an oral rehydration solution, which you can buy from the pharmacy. Gastroenteritis will usually clear up without specific treatment.
Giardia: This can be treated with specific antibiotics.
Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD): Your child will need to see a specialist and will need medicines and specialised formula.
Malabsorption: Treatment will depend on the underlying cause and may involve replacing missing nutrients.
Anti-diarrhoeal medicines are not suitable for use in children.
How should I care for a child with diarrhoea at home?
Most cases of diarrhoea in children are due to viral gastroenteritis, and can be treated with home care, as long as the child does not have dehydration.
If you are caring for a child at home because they have diarrhoea due to gastroenteritis:
- Take them to a doctor immediately if they also have any signs or symptoms in the list above — these may indicate something serious.
- Babies under 6 months of age should always be taken to the doctor.
- Breastfed babies older than 6 months should continue to be breastfed but the should be fed more often. If they vomit, offer them a drink after each time. You can also offer them oral rehydration solution or water for the first 12 hours.
- Bottlefed babies should have their formula replaced with oral rehydration solution or water for the first 12 hours, then they can have normal formula in small amounts, more often than normal feeding. If they vomit, they should be offered a drink after every time.
- Oral rehydration solutions are strongly recommended for infants and toddlers with diarrhoea and any child with frequent diarrhoea or vomiting.
- Give older children small amounts of fluids to drink often — say every 15 minutes. Oral rehydration solutions are best, but if they won’t drink those, very diluted cordial (one part cordial to 20 parts of water) or diluted soft drink or juice (one part juice to one part water) may be used with caution. Do not use diet or low-kilojoule versions.
- Alternatively, oral rehydration solution can be chilled or made into ice blocks for a child to suck.
- Don't give your child undiluted drinks that are high in sugar, such as sports drinks, lemonade or cordial — they can make diarrhoea or dehydration worse.
- Children with gastroenteritis may refuse solid food, but it’s good for them to return to their normal diet as soon as possible so long as they are not dehydrated or vomiting.
- Do not give children anti-diarrhoeal medicines or anti-vomiting medicines (anti-emetics) unless your doctor advises since they may be harmful.
- Make sure your baby or child rests.
- Don't send them to nursery, daycare or school until they have not had a loose bowel motion for 24 hours.
Should I keep my child home from school?
Here’s a list of common childhood illnesses, including diarrhoea and gastroenteritis, and their recommended exclusion periods.
What complications can occur in children with diarrhoea?
- Dehydration is the most serious complication of diarrhoea in young children and babies.
- Temporary lactose intolerance can result from an episode of gastroenteritis, but normally this goes away after a couple of weeks.
Can you prevent diarrhoea in children?
Gastroenteritis is the most common cause of diarrhoea in children. It is highly infectious and easily spread between people, especially between children.
You can help minimise the spread of gastroenteritis by:
- washing your hands regularly, especially after nappy changes and before feeding
- washing your hands before food preparation and after going to the toilet
- wearing gloves when cleaning up diarrhoea or vomit and sealing it in a plastic bag before putting in the bin
- following good food safety practices
- keeping your child away from nursery, day care or school until they have not had a loose bowel motion for 24 hours
- getting babies vaccinated against rotavirus
Resources and support
If you need advice on what to do for your child, call healthdirect on 1800 022 222 (known as NURSE-ON-CALL in Victoria) to speak with a registered nurse, 24 hours, 7 days a week.
Pregnancy, Birth and Baby has a useful list of helpline numbers that you can call for information and advice?
For more information and support, try these resources:
- Raising Children Network
- The Royal Children’s Hospital Melbourne
- The Sydney Children’s Hospitals Network
Information in different languages:
- The Sydney Children’s Hospitals Network — Gastroenteritis (English, Chinese, Greek, Italian)
- Health Translations — search results for ‘diarrhoea’
Learn more here about the development and quality assurance of healthdirect content.
Last reviewed: June 2021Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled Recall Betty Wright’s 1974 Hit About Losing Virginity [Video]
This Sunday (April 5th) at 10PM EST on TV One, an all-new episode of their award-winning documentary series “Unsung” on R&B star Betty Wright will be airing.
In a sneak peek of this episode, Lil Wayne and DJ Khaled can be seen reminiscing on Betty‘s hit back in 1974 called “Tonight Is The Night“.
“There’s eras of the song in my life, the first is being in the backseat of a car. Your mom’s singing it and you’re singing it right along with her. The second era is you’re riding in that car alone and now you finding those words meaning something totally different than what they meant when you were sitting in that backseat.”
You can watch a preview of Wayne recalling when he first realized the lyrics on this Wright song meant something different after originally singing the record with his mom in the car below!Southern California Edison has launched a request for offers to buy new distributed energy resources to bolster grid resiliency in the Santa Barbara-Goleta area.
The RFO is seeking a range of new distributed energy resources including: energy storage, demand response, permanent load shift, combined heat and power, fuel cells, solar photovoltaic paired with energy storage and renewable distributed generation.
To be considered, resources must connect to a circuit, load or lower-level substation served by the Goleta 220/66-kV substation. In addition, resources must be commercially technologies, and project start dates should be no earlier than June 1, 2019, and no later than June 1, 2020.
“Unlike other solicitations looking to increase capacity of the overall electric system, this solicitation is specifically designed to help increase resiliency for the Santa Barbara-Goleta area,” said Colin Cushnie, SCE vice president of Energy Procurement & Management.
“We are seeking to provide our customers with increased reliability in the event of transmission outages that could affect this region, and do so with local resources,” said Cushnie.We or we arrange to bring furniture into our workshop)
- Copy your existing covers (discounted service) we send you details of the process
- Measure your own covers. This works on lots of basic shaped furniture
Our beautiful loose covers will give your sofas a lovely new modern look with the advantage of being fully removable.
We are a small company based in the heart of West Yorkshire offering a fantastic Uk and beyond ONLINE service. Please check out our testimonials.
Options
- Piped covers or maybe no piping (more modern)
- Valance or corner pleats only (corner pleats only less fabric less work less expensive
- No valance or pleats, not a problem we can fit tight underneath the furniture
- Fit tight or more modern shabby type fit (your covers your choice)
- Arm protector covers
- New foam interiors
- Dacron wrap existing cushions
Tailored Covers No Valance
Modern Type Covers Corner Pleats Not a Valance
Tailored Covers With Valance
Many more videos to view please click here/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/33196749/20140201_rnb_al2_083.0.jpg)
The Tennessee Titans have just had a major stroke of luck. The opening four games for the Titans (Kansas City, Dallas, Cincinnati, Indianapolis) is comprised of three 2013 playoff teams and a Dallas Cowboys team that has a very good offense. However, with a four-game suspension to their best defensive player, the Colts just became a lot more beatable.
In the last two years, the Titans have (on average) lost to the Colts by less than five points per game. That essentially almost always boiled down to a big Donald Brown run. However the Colts are not the team that the media is making them out to be and the Titans now have a very winnable game on the road against Indy.
Lets look at what has happened over the past year:
-Donald Brown AKA Titans kryptonite is now gone.
-Reggie Wayne is another year older and is coming off of an ACL tear, an injury notorious for damaging production a year after the injury.
-They lost their starting center.
-They traded a first round pick for Trent Richardson who has looked terrible ever since the move.
-The Colts had a terrible draft by their own admission. Well, not their own admission, but the fine folks over at Stampede Blue gave it a resounding 'F'.
-Now Robert Mathis, the driving force on a mediocre defense, is suspended the first four games of the season.
I'm not saying the Colts are going to go 6-10, but the gap between the Titans and Colts is not as wide as some would expect and with new coaching and a decent draft there is room to be optimistic.Property Attributes
- MLS#6931374
- TypePending
- CountyGILMER
- CityEllijay
- Area336 - Gilmer County
- NeighborhoodEagles Crest
- Zip30536
- Style
- Taxes$ 325
- Price$ 59,900
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Lot Size3.28 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Georgia Properties
Data Source:
First Multiple Listing Services (FMLS) - 168 - GA
Property Description
ELLIJAY GATED COMMUNITY: Peaceful, quiet, level to very gently sloping 3.28 building site at the end of a cul-de-sac full of nature at its best. Brush removal reveals a wonderful year-round vista view. Community offers under ground utilities, paved road frontage, walking trails along creek, rustic common area Pavilion and playground. Quick drive to Ellijay, Amicalola Falls, Cartecay Vineyard, apple orchards and the wonderland of the Aska area.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool
Property vs Pending Average in 30536
Statistics provided by Inside Real EstateRemote Working Software Developers
Many companies already benefit from remotely working software developers. Here is why you should hire them too.
SAVE MONEY
Save the money for office rentals, electricity and all the other costs
HIRE ANYWHERE
You don't have to care about where the developer is located
NEW WORK
We help you with being part of the new work concept
WE CONNECT
We connect software developers and employersAre you in charge of this mosque ?
Services Available
- Friday prayerYes
- Women room Yes
- Open between prayersYes
- Arabic schoolYes
- Omra/Hajj travel?Yes
Informations
- AddressRue de la Fonte L'aigle, 61300, France
- Phone N/A
- ItineraryOpen the map
- SupportReport
Write a comment
Mosques near this place
Rue de la Fonte
L'aigle 61300
- Phone
- -
- Address
- Rue de la Fonte L'aigle, 61300, France
Rue Louis Pasteur
L'aigle 61300
- Phone
- 0637056060
- Address
- Rue Louis Pasteur L'aigle, 6.If you’ve played game titles including bingo or participated close to you’s local lottery, then you will discover it quite straightforward to also Perform a match like keno. Keno is in fact really effortless to be familiar with and after a couple of game titles, you may end up obtaining the cling of it. Keno has many versions but its enjoyment to Engage in what ever Model you try out yourself.
Taking part in keno online in fact can make forever follow Should you be making ready for a real-Stay keno game in a casino. You will discover significantly less hazards in addition to a lot more bonuses Specially indication-up promos if you’re a new player.
In an effort to get going with keno, the player is going to be supplied a ticket with eighty quantities printed on it. This ticket is also known as the “Keno board.” It resembles bingo and lottery a whole lot in this article since in order to acquire a recreation, a participant requirements to properly estimate just as much as twenty numbers for each spherical. In Just about every round, figures are drawn out randomly at the “Keno booth” as well as player ought to be able to get “hits” from this to be able to be eligible to get a successful. This method is known as the “ball draw.”
The rules of keno are literally a no-brainer and also are very easy to master. “Strike” would be the expression for every time a participant has properly guess on a range which matches the randomly-decided on quantity in the “drawball.” Generally, the very best betting total for the majority of on the web video games of keno is 5$. The payoff for your wager relies on the quantity that a player chooses to guess with.
In some game titles of keno on the net, that you are specified the choice to choose the quantities that you want, and at times you are able to let the pc select for you personally. The trick is to settle on at the least 10 figures per set. The amount that you have picked will convert inexperienced, and de-deciding on is simple; if you really feel you wish to improve your guess, you may just click the selection again. There are also selections where you can see in your monitor your achievable prizes in the event you earn using the numbers that you’ve got guess on.
When you’ve picked your quantities, another 먹튀사이트 issue you’ll want to do is to place your bet. As has long been talked over, your payoff will depend on the level of the bets that you choose to position in. The decisions are frequently concerning 1$, 3$, or five$. The screen displaying your possible winnings will change in accordance with the numbers you end up picking and number of bets you location.
You may as well decide on the amount of Keno game titles it is possible to decide to Engage in. You will discover various solutions it is possible to click on irrespective of whether you need to “Participate in one,” “Perform five,” or “Participate in 10.”
There’s also a selection or methods for taking part in keno on-line, but The main of those just before anything is that you to start with select the very best Web site that hosts probably the most credible on the net On line casino. You should definitely read through the stipulations incredibly meticulously prior to depositing your hard earned money on any online internet site. It’s important to be sure that The foundations and problems for the net casino that you end up picking is something which fits with your personal requirements — don’t deposit on the primary online casino that you encounter. Look at it properly in order to avoid inconvenience.
Lastly, before you start out your game of keno, make sure that you’ve presently designated a specific sum of money you are willing to chance for the sport. There can under no circumstances be any guarantee for the winning or shedding so Guantee that if even worse relates to worst, you’ll be fantastic even if you lose this sure amount. Popular feeling dictates that you need to hardly ever gamble a lot of than you may deal with. Once you’ve accomplished that, you can then sit again, unwind, start out and revel in your game. Love’s Labour’s Lost in audio form below (or on iTunes) then tune into our YouTube page to find the rest of our readings.
A huge thank you to the cast of Love’s Labour’s Lost. Because this was our final Shakespeare reading in the series, we invited anyone who had joined us for a previous reading to be in the cast. To accommodate the extra people, we doubled up the largest roles to expand a 19-character play to fit a 36-person cast.
Ferdinand (Acts 1 & 2)- Nicanor Campos
Ferdinand (Act 4)- Mo Kamaly
Ferdinand (Act 5)- Elizabeth Ramirez
Longaville- Mark Kreder
Domain- Samantha Chappell
Berown (Acts 1, 2, 3)- Gaby Grice
Berown (Acts 4 & 5)- Scott Garland
Princess (Act 2)- Elizabeth Morriss
Princess (Act 4) – Miriam Bachman
Princess (Act 5)- Olivia Klausen McCargar
Maria- Melissa Wright
Katharine- Jason Chappell
Rosaline (Act 2)- Fabiana Cabral
Moth (Act 1)/Rosaline (Act 4)- Hilary Wirachowsky
Rosaline (Act 5)- Laura Hubbard
Boyet (Act 2)- Andrew Hawley
Boyet (Act 4)- David Armstrong
Boyet (Act 5)- Michael Ross Albert
Don Adriano de Armado (Act 1)- Victoria Urquhart
Don Adriano de Armado (Act 3)- Christopher Prentice
Don Adriano de Armado (Act 5 scene 1)- Morgan Ford
Don Adriano de Armado (Act 5 scene 2)- Shalyn McFaul
Costard (Act 1)- Saiya Floyd
Costard (Act 3)- Andrew Patti
Costard (Act 4 scene 1)- Steve Vargo
Costard (Act 4 scenes 2 & 3)- Haley Dinel
Costard (Act 5)- Hilary Wartinger
Moth (Act 3)- James King
Moth (Act 5)- Nicole Falgoust
Holofernes (Act 4)- Weldon Goree
Holofernes (Act 5)- Susan Bond
First Lord/Mercade- Steve Fisher
Sir Nathaniel- Jim Hill
Dull- Timothy Ng
Jaquenetta- Jeff Dingle
Forester – Stephanie Junge-Filipek
CLICK HERE to subscribe to our podcast on iTunes so you don’t miss an episode.
Podcast: Play in new window | Download
Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | RSSMarcella Candles
Rejuvenate Grapefruit + Lemongrass 8oz Aromatherapy Candle
- Description
- Reviews
- Shipping.The EU-EAC Market Access Upgrade Programme (MARKKUP) supports SMEs in the avocado and horticulture sector in Kenya, Rwanda and Tanzania. Avocado is a newly emerging market for East African producers with over 70% export values in 2020 compared to 2019. Most avocado exports to the EU market originate from Kenya and Tanzania; Rwanda, Uganda and Burundi export only small quantities. In Rwanda, EAC MARKUP supports producers of green beans for export to East Africa and the European Union.In 2003, the photographer Edward Burtynsky had a modest exhibit in Washington at the Embassy of Canada, offering a sampling of his large, color photographs of industrial sites. Burtynsky’s images were striking, and immediately memorable, for their unnerving mix of menace and beauty: gracefully swooping piles of discarded tires, unnaturally vertiginous quarry walls, and ochre-hued rivulets of nickel tailings.
The photographer explained in the accompanying catalog that, growing up 20 miles northwest of Buffalo, N.Y., he arrived a century too late to experience nature that was “pristine” or “sublime,” so his art gravitated toward images of heavy-industrial settings in the United States and his native Canada. The uneasy balance between environmental destruction and visual splendor was plain to see, yet his work’s matter-of-fact approach and lack of overt judgment lent the exhibit a winning understatedness.
Six years on, Burtynsky’s international renown has only grown, and his ambitions have demonstrably snowballed.
In the catalogue to his current exhibition, “Edward Burtynsky: Oil,” at the Corcoran Gallery of Art, he explains that “all the vast man-altered landscapes I had pursued for over 20 years had been made possible by the discovery of oil and the progress occasioned by the internal combustion engine,” and that the spent more than 12 years researching and photographing “the largest oil fields I could find.” He went on “to make images of refineries, freeway interchanges, automobile plants and the scrap industry resulting from the recycling of cars. I began to look at motor culture, where vast tribes come together with vehicles as the main attraction.”
In other words, oil, for Burtynsky, is the grand unification theory, and while his imagery continues to dwell fruitfully on the precipice between grandeur and doom, his work has acquired a not-so-winning sense of overreach. (And self-importance: The bulky, 200-plus-page catalog for his current exhibit sports the rather epic title “Burtynsky: Oil” and retails for $125, twice the price of his 2003 catalog).
In seeking to trace the vast international reach of petroleum, Burtynsky seems to have ignored the reality that his best work has always been tightly constructed. With this exhibition, Burtynsky proves that while he is a master chronicler of place, he is considerably less successful as a chronicler of ideas.
Burtynsky’s finest work in this exhibit consists of his depiction of the surreal landscapes of oil extraction. His double-wide panoramas of oil derricks such as Oil Fields #19 a and b, recede to the California desert horizon and spill headlong out of the frame. They are eye-opening in every sense of the word. His prints offer a bracing combination of massive scale, fine detail, and mesmerizing color—and that’s before you even start to unpack the subject matter, which is equal parts resonant and otherworldly. In the catalog, Corcoran curator Paul Roth aptly calls the rigs “great mechanical mosquitoes…desiccating their surroundings in service of an unlimited thirst.”
Equally impressive are Burtynsky’s images of decrepit, disused oil fields in Azerbaijan. Here, the derricks are even spindlier and more insect-like than the ones in California, and the environmental devastation is more stark: rusting metal facilities, detritus-strewn mud, and highly reflective pools of impenetrable blackness. Even the one element that outwardly seems “clean” is a forceful spray of liquid arcing into the muck from a broken pipe, undeterred (and seemingly unwatched) by any human intervention.
Also notable are Burtynsky’s images of places where waste products go either to rot or to be recycled. These range from compacted (“densified”) assemblages of cast-off oil filters to unexpectedly poetic piles of “bushling” scrap metal; an ochre patina lends Ferrous Bushling #18 the incongruous look of fall foliage. Meanwhile, Burtynsky’s visit to low-tech recycling concerns in the poorer corners of South Asia yielded a powerfully iconic image that is surprisingly underplayed in the exhibit: a footprint-shaped blot of oil.
But if Burtynsky is at his best when he visits places the average person does not know exists, this hardly describes the other images in the show, especially those intended to chronicle America’s “motor culture.”
Did you know that Los Angeles sprawls? That Interstate on-ramps sometimes agglomerate into something resembling a spaghetti bowl? That developers like to build clusters of Spanish-tile-roofed mini-mansions in the Sun Belt? That lots of people enjoy attending NASCAR events? That Sturgis, S.D., draws motorcycle fans for a big conclave every summer? Each of these topics is somehow deemed worthy of the Burtynsky treatment, yet none of the resulting images inspires even a flicker of enlightenment: The scenes are simply too familiar, too well-trod by artists. (I’ll take Ed Ruscha’s aerial photographs of parking lots any day over Burtynsky’s—and Ruscha’s are more than four decades old.)
Instead of spreading his work too thin in the service of a grandiose goal, Burtynsky would have done better to focus on a few key places and provide some in-depth context. The exhibit offers only minimal explanations of what’s going on in the images we’re seeing, yet the photographs document fascinating and largely untold stories of great import. Canada’s Alberta oil sands, for instance, have exploitable reserves the size of Florida—and environmental problems to match. Seeing the photographs of Alberta in the exhibit, you know something’s amiss, but there’s no way to know exactly what. For a photographer as talented and perceptive as Burtynsky, this failure to fully communicate can only be described as a missed opportunity.Police in Prijedor identified the person of B.P. initials (1981) suspected of writing a graffiti in the vicinity of the Carsija Mosque.
Federal News Agency states that it is informal that Bojan Pecanac has been interviewed.
From the Prijedor Police Administration, they announced that B.P. is suspected of committing a criminal offense of public provocation and encouragement of violence and hate.
He is suspected of writing the graphite “ISHS”, “NIKA” as well as four Cyrillic letters S on the wall of the auxiliary building-garage located near the religious building and in front of the entrance to the mosque.
After completing and documenting the case against B.P. the Prijedor County Public Prosecutor’s Office will sent a report on the criminal offense of public provocation and incitement to violence and hate.
(Photo: AA)Hair Transplant
FAQs
All your questions are answered here! Take a look.
Frequently asked questions
Do you feel pain during the hair transplantation operation?
No, because you are under local anesthesia, patients do not feel pain during the operation.
How long does a hair transplantation takes?
A hair transplantation operation takes maximum 8 hours.
When can I see the final result of the hair transplantation operation?
After 3 months, your hair starts to grow up, between 6 and 8 months, the hair starts to come out faster . After 12 months you can see the final results of the hair transplantation operation .
When can return back to my work after the hair transplantation?
You can go back to your work 3 days after the hair transplantation operation.
How long the hair transplant surgery completely heal?
After the operation , the tiny red spots are observed in the donor area ( back of the head). After 15 days, all the areas are normal and healed.
What is Micro FUE Hair Transplant?
The micro FUE method is the process of removing the hair follicles from the hairy skin or the hairy areas of the body in form of follicles with a very fine special punch bits, without the incision of the hair follicles . The roots obtained are placed in the hairless or bald areas. Micro FUE method can be used to give hair direction and natural appearance. FUE method has become the most popular and preferred method of the patients because it is comfortable and gives successful results.
As we have extensive experience with this method and we are proud of our ability to provide our patients all over the world with strong intense looking hair.
Can I smoke before or after the hair transplantation?
Smoking can affect the development of the sown area because of the negative effect on the veins, for his reason, we recomment that you do not smoke for at least 1 week before and after the operation.
Should I stop to drink alcohol before the hair transplant operation?
You should stop drink alcohol or drugs before at least 1 day before, that you can interact with the drugs used during the hair transplantation operation ( local anesthetics). You should not use alcohol after the operation, because you will be using antibiotics.
What is the shock hair loss?
Shock hair loss is used to Express the period which hair is subjected to an operation within the first 2 months. After this period , follicles start to grow normally.
After the hair transplantation, if I see tiny and small pimples , What can i do ?
In the first 2-3 months after the hair transplantation, small pimples similar to acne can be seen whithin these months. Do not worry with them .İf you feel yourself uncomfortable, please contact us .
What Should I do if I feel some pain after the hair transplantation ?
You may feel a little bit of pain after the hair transplant , you can just use the pain medicine tablets that will be recommended by the expert.
What should I do if I feel some itching after the hair transplantation ?
If you feel itching after the hair transplantation operation, you can use the medicines that your expert gives you .
When can I start exercising after the hair transplantation ?
Please you can read the post-operation instructions carefully from our FUE post page. In brief , you should not have any physical activities that will cause you sweating for 15 days . concerning sports as Basketball- Volleyball- Swimming, you should wait 1 month.
Should I stop my regular medication before the hair transplantation?
First of all, you should inform your regular doctor about the hair transplant operation, after that you should stop taking the use the blood thinners such like aspirins 3 days before the hair transplantation operation, and you should inform us about your current health conditions and the medications that you use.
Will I need to use the Minoxidil after the hair transplantation ?
After the operation, the expert informs you about the treatment that you will take, if you are going to use Minoxidil, it is recommended to use it after the healing of the skin .Talent Acquisition Manager
Simployer Group has ambitious plans for growth and we will need to recruit many new talents in the years to come. We want to be awesome in creating the best candidate experience and are looking for an expert in this field.
We are looking for a Talent Acquisition manager who will be responsible for Simployer Groups Employer branding strategy. We have a talent Acquisition manager in Polen and we need a Talent acquisition manager responsible for Norway and Sweden. You will be a part of an international HR team and report to Chief People & Culture Officer.
You will bring new ideas, strategies, and play a critical role in ensuring that Simployer Group is attracting and hiring top talents across borders, and in the local markets where Simployer is present.
We are looking for you who aim to become an expert in the market and who take your pride in identifying the right person for the right job.
If you have previous experience in a senior recruiting position and know how to build a strong employer brand, we’d like to meet you.
This is perfect for you who want to:
- Secure and continually develop all stages of candidate experience including preboarding and onboarding.
- Build a credible employer brand inside out across all of Simployer.
- Be hands-on in the recruitment process by creating job postings, be a key contributor to native ads, search of candidates on various platforms, participate in or conduct interviews for applicants in collaboration with hiring managers. Responsible for the creation, negotiation and preparation stage of employment offers.
- Initiate and develop external partnerships with recruitment companies, colleges and job boards.
- Responsible for strategy and implementation of early careers programs like graduate programs.
- Work in partnership with other HR members to grow talent pipelines across the business.
Desired personal and professional qualifications:
- You have 5-7 years of experience with employer branding and recruitment from an executive search company or as a Talent acquisition manager from a company
- Demonstrable experience managing full-cycle recruiting and executing employer branding initiatives
- Having commercial and analytical know-how is required, as is having strong communication and presentation skills. You must be strategic, influential and confident in building relationships with employees at all levels.
- Hands-on experience with Applicant Tracking Systems (ATSs)
- Knowledge of CRM and SoMe channels including content planning and development for employer branding use and activation
- Experience in structured candidate assessments and the concept of predictive validity of assessment tools.
- Experience working with and supporting early talent programs such as trainee/graduate programs and internships
- Preferably good knowledge within commercial and IT roles
- Fluent in English and one Nordic language
What we can offer:
Simployer offers a central and challenging position in a company with strong growth ambitions where the right candidate will have a great opportunity to influence. Our work environment is described as competent, innovative and inspiring. You will get the opportunity to learn, grow and have a lot of fun both in your role and at work with colleagues. We offer flexibility, and you will be able to work at our main office in Sarpsborg, Oslo or Stockholm or from your home when you need to do so.
If you have any questions about this position, contact Eilin Gillesen (Chief People & Culture officer) at +47 411 00 222.
Send oss en søknad
Fyll ut feltene under for å sende oss en søknad på denne stillingen.CNY Event
To celebrate the Chinese New Year of 2018, I organised a CNY event at the studio with Luis from Luis Creations, Belinda Chim and Aquino da Silva from Macau as my special guests. More than 60 people from the Hong Kong Calligraphy Community participated! The event was fruitful and everyone had a great time celebrating togetherness and the art of calligraphy!Username
You are able to log in as anyone. Be careful!
Search:
Where:
Username
You are able to log in as anyone. Be careful!
n49 2000-2015 | N49 is proudly made in toronto
Claim this business Last updated: Over a year ago
Listed in: Fashion Accessories
Contact information
Images and videos (1)
Nik Nak, Toronto Reviews (1)
5 Star
1
4 Star
0
3 Star
0
2 Star
0
1 Star
0
Nik Nak at Eglinton and Avenue is a great place to buy accessories. I have bought about 6 necklaces, 3 purses, 3 pairs of earings, 2 nose rings, an umbrella and a hairband and I have just had them ship a necklace from the downtown store to this location..will be here tomorrow or Thursday. They have sunglasses, scarves, handbags.. you name it. The staff are also very nice.. as a matter of fact they are almost too nice...if you can imagine that!
I haven't been in there yet but it looks really cute! I just might check it out tonight!! :)
I bought 2 necklaces today.. both Birthday presents. I really love the boxes that they have available to wrap their jewelery gifts, they look like little purses.. so cute!!If idol groups are too mainstream but death metal is too extreme, then we have something right up your alley! Perfectly blending great rock tunes, genuine musical talent, and an irreverent sense of humour, check out the hard-rocking ladies of Japanese group — and the rest, as they say, is history!
Musically, all the BAND-MAID members have been extremely talented since childhood. Lead singer Saiki Atsumi has been singing since she was 14, and BAND-MAID is her first foray into being part of a group. Band leader Miku Kobato is a classically trained vocalist who sings in the very challenging Japanese enka-style, which is a combination of traditional folk singing and Western-style ballads. She picked up the guitar to follow her passion for rock music.
Lead guitarist Kanami Tono has been playing the piano since she was very young, and learned to play the guitar in high school — to emulate her hero Carlos Santana. Akane Hirose’s drumming style is reminiscent of her idols Deep Purple and Maximum the Hormone. Like her fellow BAND-MAIDs, she can also play the piano, as well as the trombone. Bassist Misa loves Jimi Hendrix and The Smashing Pumpkins, and can play the trumpet, alto horns, guitar, and of course — the piano.
Drawing from their deep musical history and out-of-the-box style, BAND-MAID started playing local venues in Tokyo. They quickly caught the eye of music fans for their unique combination of quirky maid cafe costumes and pure musical talent. Yes, these girls can really shred — something dramatically different from the usual manufactured girl bands composed of wannabes who could barely sing, let alone play instruments!
Besides being a hard-rocking live act, BAND-MAID is also a certified viral hit online, with their YouTube channel garnering over 175 thousand subscribers, and their music videos collecting a staggering 36 million views. A good number of hits on their channel come from overseas fans, who are drawn in once again by their amazing performances and eye-catching maid outfits. Now, these same overseas fans get to see them live in not one, but two performances in South East Asia! Check out their upcoming gigs below!
Also read: 2nd Fate/Stay Night Heaven’s Feel film reveals key visual, release date
• Event Information
Japan Music Festival Natsu Rock
22 June 2018
Zepp@BIGBOX, Jurong East, Singapore
Tickets via APACTix
• Event Information
Penang Anime Matsuri
7th and 8th July 2018
SPICE Convention Center
Tickets via GRABAPOP.COMHave you been the victim of a hate crime in Orange County, CA?
OC Human Relations would like to know
When you call 714-480-6580 during business hours, you will speak to a live person, not a recording. That person will listen to your case and either refer you to a specialized hate crime victim assistance coordinator or take your contact information and you will receive a call by the next business day by someone who can assist you further. If you call after business hours, please leave a message and you will be contacted the next business day.
Our staff are able to provide oral translation in Spanish, Cantonese, Mandarin, Vietnamese, Lao, Thai, Hindi, Gujarati and French. If you would like a translator to assist in making your report, please phone 714-480-6580 and leave a message with your name, phone number and the language translation you’d like assistance with.
If you prefer, you may complete the online English-version hate incident/crime report (below). Plus, we also offer Spanish, Vietnamese and Chinese versions of the form.
Why Call and Report?
OC Human Relations is a member of the Orange County Hate Crime Network. This collaborative is home to many organizations that have numerous resources to assist victims of hate crimes. In order to be able to help you, we need to know what happened in your case. Calls are confidential and can be anonymous if you choose. We’re here to be of service to you.
Victim Advocate:
To speak directly to a victim advocate, call OC Human Relations at 714-480-6570 or
CSP Victim Assistance Programs at (949) 975-0244.
Obtain more information from OC Human Relations:
Please email [email protected] or phone 714-480-6580..
This week, we spoke to Gwen Foster of Robot Teddy about the role of a business developer in game development.
READ: Your games career as a: QA Analyst
Gwen’s games career has touched many different parts of the industry. She began her career as a producer working in independent games studios, going on to organise the Philippines – Manila chapter of the International Game Development Association (IGDA). She currently works full time as a Senior Business Development Manager and Senior Producer at Robot Teddy, a consulting firm that provides business and management support to games companies across the world. Through Robot Teddy, Gwen personally works with companies like Innersloth, developers of Among Us, Yogscast Games, and SUPERHOT’s publishing arm, SUPERHOT PRESENTS.
For her, business development is all about building strong relationships, and balancing seeing the big picture with the small, important details.
My work responsibilities include anything from release management, closing deals, pitching to platforms, maintaining relationships with platforms, filing for Age Ratings, figuring out who to hire!Gwen Foster, Senior Business Development Manager & Senior Producer, Robot Teddy
Screenhub: In your own words: What does a business developer working in game development do? What does a normal day at Robot Teddy look like for you?
Gwen Foster: There’s no normal day at Robot Teddy. As Business Developer you’re making sure that you’re supporting the business in the best way possible. I’m both a Senior Producer and a Senior Business Development Manager at Robot Teddy, so the lines blur. My work responsibilities include anything from release management, closing deals, pitching to platforms, maintaining relationships with platforms, filing for Age Ratings, figuring out who to hire!
READ: Serene narrative game ‘Lake’ banned from sale in Australia
If you were hiring a business developer, what qualities would you be looking for?
Attitude first and foremost, kindness, strategic thinking, ability to compromise, and the ability to see the forest and the trees at the same time.
What does a career path look like for someone interested in business development? What kind of jobs did you do before this?
The thing with Business Development is the only way to do it is for someone to take a risk with you, train you, and you’re more than happy to figure it out. A lot of business development in games heavily relies on the relationship you build with people, and that’s very important.
If you love people and figuring out a win-win situation for everyone, then you might enjoy working in business development.Gwen Foster
Was working in business development always your goal, or has your career trajectory changed over time?
Not really, my career has always been what work comes my way! 🙂 The reason I’m here is that I’m willing to learn, and I don’t say no to opportunities! That’s especially important if you’re someone from marginalized regions of the world.
Moving forward, I hope that these business deals and opportunities are made available to the larger games industry, and that people stop treating people like me as a minority. The reality is a lot of games get shipped and made because of the labor and “passion” of so many underpaid and marginalized folks!
READ: Your games career as a: Studio Manager
When you first started in business development, what surprised you about the role?
The subtle racism and a lot of times blatant sexism, which exists anywhere in society. It’s just that because Business Development is people-facing, you expose yourself more to these circumstances.
Just recently, I was told that I might not understand football (I play football with friends, FYI) because I’m a woman. On a business call! You laugh it out, call in and not participate in the cancel culture the internet has nurtured, to give people the opportunity to grow and change.
Complete this sentence: If you [love people and figuring out a win-win situation for everyone], then you might enjoy working in business development.
What about the opposite: If you [hate contract and deal terms] then business development might not be for you.
Finally: What do you like best about your job?
The ability to take naps and manage my own time!%0 Journal Article %J Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter %D 2009 %T Theoretical studies of defect states in GaTe %A Rak, Zs %A S. D. Mahanti %A Mandal, Krishna C %A Fernelius, N.C. %X.%B Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter %V 21 %P 015504 %G engHi, i know this has probably been asked a lot, but i am wondering if anyone happens to have written down some of the stuff played in the film “drumline”, and if so if you could send it to me ludachr1s7 hotmail. Further observations on posterior ampullary nerve transection for positional vertigo. We also conduct training and workshops on printing techniques. The location and size of all holes needed in the box are shown in the drilling diagram of fig. The problem most people make with the system is to lift the toe like you do on a free ride or all other systems. This pedal even has onboard distortions and overdrive! The “devolved matters” over which it has responsibility include education, health, agriculture, and justice. Often late in the season the scent is described as resembling oregano more than lemon. Or at least find the right spot to pick up ingredients to make it in your own kitchen. Photochemical oxidant formation considers the ozone formation at ground level which is toxic to humans in high concentration. Trains played a huge role in the industrial revolution phoenix italian seniors online dating site in the us and europe and enjoyed a year reign as the preferred mode of transportation for urbanites, the military and even the postal service. At midnight, someone throws a heavy cooking machine texas indian seniors dating online website over fantozzi’s car. Wadala has the better, toronto jewish mature dating online service bigger screen, while the sound is nothing great. Call on coalfield services incorporated for the uk italian mature online dating service your next industrial or commercial project. Magnetic films are also susceptible to corrosion from vapors present even at trace concentrations within the magnetic recording system. In times when you need to extend the battery life more, try out some of these tips: check your battery usage monitoring your battery usage helps you identify what’s using the most power so you can choose what to do about it. The experience letter meant for teachers and colorado african seniors dating online site professors is similar to an experience certificate provided by an employer. The downloadable user manual says that the 2-rate version can 9 aug , , . At the age of 10 in, deol appeared as a child artist in the newest dating online sites for 50 and over action folk film dharam veer starring his father dharmendra. After missing the six nations through injury, gatland knew to include the year-old in his touring party at the expense of joe launchbury despite the starting wasps lock outstanding form. All of our cakes are frosted and decorated with precision. Additionally, prior decisions can also be overruled if there is a change in social attitudes, new jersey black senior dating online site public needs or contemporary political thinking. Intracellular infection was evaluated with flowjo software version 9. The system includes one high school, two middle schools and three elementary schools. Ajax, no fees ever senior dating online websites now calling himself abyss man, locates and attempts to kill the pair, but the duo subdue him and turn him into a gateway to hell with the help of black talon. But in august, sony and disney announced that they failed to reach an agreement in their negotiations for the rights to spider-man, meaning that peter parker will no longer appear in marvel studios movies. Fellow player rinaldo martino did stay in european football and would later become a star with juventus. Leave a nice review cancel reply enter your comment here
La Latino Senior Singles Online Dating Site
The ministry of finance is proposing to amend the general regulation to change how a credit union’s annual deposit insurance premium payable is calculated. The concepts of texas russian senior online dating service chargeable event and of the chargeability of vat should be harmonised if the introduction of the common system of vat and of any subsequent amendments thereto are to take effect at the same time in all member states. Mitsubishi therefore took the necessary decision to drop the mrj70 and launch a new version, which would the uk indian mature dating online service be able to meet the scope clause mtow and carry 76 passengers in a three-class layout. Due to the fact that the number of patients who have undergone reconstructive vascular surgery is continuously what is the best mature dating online site increasing, we are faced with an increasing demand for peripheral artery revascularization in patients with bypass graft. Each title is ideal for identification, with generally three or four full colour photographs on each page. texas latino seniors dating online website Since, the academy also awards, no pay newest mature dating online website on a competitive basis, the honorary scientific rank of a ras professor to the top-level researchers with russian citizenship. Note: king knight can bash while holding onto no pay biggest senior online dating website a ladder! Master bruno has appeared with denver asian seniors dating online service grand master kim on ten covers of various martial arts magazines and was the feature cover and article of tae kwon do times in january. There are no classes specifically for pregnant women, however many of the classes are appropriate please speak to an instructor before class. If you’ve only ever heard about beijing’s pollution on the news, you might be concerned about the air. Check out epic july fourth essentials like red, white and blue swag, patriotic games and luminous where to meet iranian singles in vancouver led lights to ensure your party is the best in the usa. Motherboards can come with either a 20 pin main no membership senior dating online websites power connector or a 24 pin main power connector. Si usted compro su producto hikvision desde una fuente on-line o con un distribuidor no autorizado, puede que no sea compatible con el firmware de la region latinoamericana y es. Drag images here or select from your computer for alice drucilla winger states memorial. In essence, families wind up taking on debt and risk while bond companies and insurers mostly just get the profit of the bail premiums, fees, and fines that families pay. Obeying the traffic laws is nevertheless advisable, especially if you have failed to obtain a vietnamese licence. And last year’s major splash, s jairus byrd, hasn’t lived up to the lofty expectations yet, largely because of injury. Four longer pieces in 34, 19 and tone equal temperament with electronic space effects and one duet on fretless guitar with john starrett on starrboard.
Sometimes a section of the platform is cut away to form a roll-in and a channel to allow skaters to commence a ride without dropping in and perform tricks over the gap. Each of the incredible hulk’s trains feature eight cars which seat riders four abreast, giving each train a maximum capacity of 32 riders. After a series of serious austrian defeats in, the austrian empire came close to the brink of collapse. Preterm birth and small for gestational age—maternal and offspring consequences it has been proposed that women who have preterm delivery are also at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease. During the 17th and 18th centuries, african and african american those born in the new world slaves worked mainly on the tobacco, rice, and indigo plantations of the southern seaboard. When it comes to air transportation, courbevoie can be served by paris’s charles de gaulle airport as well as paris-orly to the south and beauvais airport to the north. The military tasks take on disproportionate importance in the absence of political objective or strategy. Campbell cavasso, former state representative looking for a senior dating online service and nominee for the u. Lack of ambition or showing the opposition too much respect? It’s basically like having your body’s fat-burning switch set to “off” all the time. This is also a great way of avoiding the processed products, full of additives and preservatives, frequently used by most rated senior online dating site in ny fast food chains. In this video drawing lesson we’ll show you how to draw a butterfly step by step. I don’t think you will like towing heavy with a 66mm turbo. totally free seniors dating online website Henri toivonen – route from corte to the accident site – duration:. The town’s clustered bulk is at 35m to 70m above ordnance datum, mean sea level and slopes free biggest senior dating online services incrementally from south and all other directions to a lesser extent towards the centre-north. Where it appears that any paper of the deceased, being or purporting to be testamentary is in the possession of, or under the control of any person, a judge may upon ny asian senior singles dating online site an ex parte application whether a suit or proceeding respecting probate or administration is pending or not order him to produce the paper and bring it into court. In addition, the player can now gain or lose influence with party members, which will dictate outcomes to certain quests or even set strife inside the party. This allows you to use the device’s object locating capability to find any object, including asteroids and comets. The eighth generation of the ford f-series is a australia muslim mature dating online site line of pickup trucks and light- to medium-duty the new-for f-super duty was essentially a class 4 truck built as a and light-duty f, the heavier-duty borg-warner t18 4-speed manual to: motoring. By its very nature, a power of attorney for health care is both a springing and a durable power of attorney. Steam rollers were often dedicated to a task by their gearing as the slower engines were for base compaction whereas the higher geared models were often referred to as “chip chasers” which followed behind the hot tar looking for a mature online dating services and chipping laying machines. Output is high when neither input a nor input b is high. kansas ethiopian mature online dating site. Thank you so very much for sharing all where to meet romanian seniors in colorado your wonderful ideas. Length for a numeric data type is the number of no money needed seniors online dating site bytes that are used to store the number. Chat to tenants if the existing tenants are there take the opportunity to ask them about the property, if the property is poor, they will be honest. His ability to relay the importance of having clean water and the reason why the system provided by quality home products was the five star system was greatly appreciated and facilitated my wife and my decision to purchase this system senior online dating sites no subscription for our home in spring, tx. Unfortunately, azaad dies, and his heart florida american senior dating online site is transplanted into his ill younger brother armaan. Oddly, one summer bloomer, ramona, needs no pruning to produce its sky blue 6- to 8-inch flowers. If i go to koh samui germany muslim mature online dating service again, i will definitely choose it.
Phoenix Russian Seniors Dating Online Site
At a guess he’ll be forced to agree an extension, there will be an election which boris will win a majority and then he’ll be able to do what he wants. Feels that it’s never easy to beat india at home and they are really excited with this series win. I will list the beauty products that i used in how to make your lipstick last longer in my websites post the link is provided below. Lines, rays, and angles this fourth grade geometry lesson teaches the definitions for a line, ray, angle, acute angle, right angle, and obtuse angle. You can update firmware at any time from anywhere on the network, even over most rated seniors dating online sites free the wireless link or over the internet. I searched and searched for this as i use it in my tumbler, so i don’t want it to be as sudsy as the ultra. Nebraska has a single medicaid waiver no payments seniors dating online websites targeting the elderly called the aged and disabled waiver. When asked by reporters if this was a hearing about impeachment, the chairman of the committee responded that it was not, saying “i didn’t mention impeachment nor did any of the witnesses in response to my questions at the judiciary committee hearing. With an abundance of charisma, on-stage charm and talent, the oliver soul band have got the goods to take your event to the next level. A mutual interest in containing soviet expansion provided the foundation of u. They will execute each stitch with precision and the usa muslim senior online dating website consistency across all the pieces in your order. When upgraded, this stunning skill puts you well ahead of just about everyone else, and can be used both for defensive recuperation reviving allies and for offense. All members are joining mostly by doing home based business. Solvents typically used for plastics are usually toxic citation needed and may be carcinogenic citation needed and flammable, requiring adequate ventilation. You have been successfully subscribed to our london religious mature dating online site mailing list. Everything that you use daily should be within arms reach. To disable and remove the guest vlan, use the no dot1x guest-vlan in interface configuration mode. In this work feuerbach attacked the concept of personal immortality and proposed a type of immortality by which human qualities are reabsorbed into nature. Upon studying the bible from cover to cover and realizing many things were askew, and a lot of what he believed his entire life was not in line with what his research found, he left christianity and went in search of the truth. But it doesn’t matter very much there is also a little problem with the attack animations during dual battles, so don’t be surprised if some attacks are weird in a dual battle. This mid-market resort frequented by an international crowd has almost rooms, six pools and 10 fabulous restaurants, yet feels surprisingly intimate. Soon, flora earns her ballet shoes, and she and helia began to levitate, both dancing on air, fl ethiopian seniors online dating website having finally forgiven him. Whatever tv you use for retro gaming, getting a high-quality video signal from the looking for seniors dating online services console is crucial.
Germany British Seniors Online Dating Site 60’s Plus Mature Online Dating Site No Fee The Uk Italian Mature Online Dating Website Which Online Dating Websites Are Full Free Fl Ethiopian Seniors Dating Online Website Las Vegas Muslim Mature Online Dating Site Colorado Latino Seniors Dating Online Site Denver Asian Seniors Dating Online Service Texas Italian Mature Online Dating Service Fl Asian Senior Singles Online Dating Site America American Senior Online Dating Site Seniors Online Dating Service Totally Free Where To Meet American Seniors In Colorado America Black Mature Dating Online Service Senior Online Dating Sites Absolutely Free Fl Ethiopian Seniors Dating Online Website America Romanian Mature Dating Online Site Utah Nigerian Mature Online Dating Website London Muslim Mature Dating Online Website No Money Needed Seniors Online Dating Site Kansas Mexican Mature Online Dating Website Toronto Japanese Mature Online Dating Site Free Newest Seniors Online Dating Services Where To Meet Singles In Germany Full Free Texas Canadian Senior Dating Online Service The Usa Nigerian Senior Dating Online Site Texas Persian Mature Online Dating Service Dallas Indian Seniors Dating Online Service Where To Meet Singles In Germany Full Free Best Dating Online Website For Men Over 50 Totally Free Mature Online Dating Websites London Asian Seniors Online Dating Service Denver African Mature Dating Online Service Looking For Older Singles In San Francisco No Fee Senior Singles Dating Online Service Utah Japanese Senior Online Dating ServiceIf you are looking for a place that conjures up winter cosy, where you want to feel warm and welcome and completely given over to the spirit of true hospitality, you have to consider the Boat Inn at Aboyne.
This part of the world radiates the mellowness of autumn and driving out on the South Deeside Road, you feel the pressure drop as the glories of the season start to soothe the soul. My bestie and I were on a much-needed reprieve from our daily travails and decided now was the weekend to have our early festive season treat, afore the madness of said season truly kicks in. What we found was a place that gave refuge on a dark night and where friendliness and a warm fire restored the glow.
Budget or Boutique
Neither really. This modern country inn is in a fabulous league of its own.
Room Service
Our room was in the Boat House, once a modern private home to the back of the inn and which is now firmly part of the accommodation offer. The approach to this grand cabin-style place, split into several rooms for guests, is festooned with trailing fairy lights which lead the way to this modern and stylish annexe. The room was neat and set among contemporary fittings, its dark, moody hues creating a hideaway feel. In the gorgeous bed, deep with comfort, I had the best sleep in at least a month or so and I was out till way after 9, which has been unheard of sleep territory for a while, and I woke feeling like me again. It’s so quiet and still here, with a screen of gorgeous birch trees lining the view and that deep night light that you get only in the country. There was good tea and coffee for the morning and a wonderful large bathroom to linger in, with an all-encompassing piping hot shower, as the new day got underway.
Wining and Dining
It’s no overstatement to say everything we ate and drank at The Boat Inn was quality. From the pints of cool, crisp pilsner in the late afternoon, which we enjoyed in the public bar, to each course of a memorable meal, the offering was confident, relaxed and of an excellent standard. In the low lighting of the restaurant upstairs, where the customers emitted an air of contentment, we enjoyed starters of clams in cream and fennel and gin, which proved to be a meeting of perfect mates on a plate. Our other dish was a fabulous winter salad which featured roast squash and black pudding in the starring roles but with strong support of chicory leaves and a fine, acidic vinaigrette. It was a great production. Bestie and I love a steak when we are out together, not least because we have a shared interest in peppercorn sauce. At the Boat Inn, it was a ribeye on offer, and it obviously came from somewhere that cared deeply for their cattle. It tasted, and cut, very well indeed. Breakfast too was a treat. I’m still thinking about those four little mini potato scones.
Worth Getting Out of Bed For
The hotel sits right on the River Dee, where a stroll out of the front door will lead you to the path at the water’s edge. Heading west, you’ll pass a gorgeous orchard on one side and the soothing roll of the water on the other. Keep walking and you’ll see the hill, Morven. You really don’t have to walk far to be immersed in the beauty of the area. Such was its draw, I dropped bestie off in Aberdeen and headed back Aboyne way for another look at the Druid-esque Burn O’ Vat waterfall at Dinnett and a stroll round Loch Kinnord, where everything seemed to go still.
Little Extras
It’s not really an extra but I have to mention the service, which was down to earth and so very nice. There is obviously a great pride taken in working here and the atmosphere is professional without being over fussy, and friendly without being false.
Guestbook Comments
As hotels piece themselves together after the pandemic, and we seek refuge in new places to help bring us back into normality, the sense of welcome found at The Boat Inn was very much appreciated.
Bed and Breakfast around £125 approx, but phone 01339 886137 for best prices.
The Boat Inn, Charlestown Road, Aboyne AB34 5EL*Swipe left to view more
☆☆Please Watch This Video On How To Apply IGL Coatings Ecoshine Enhancer: &☆☆
☆☆Watch This Video To Know More About IGL Coatings Ecoshine Enhancer:☆☆
IGL Coatings is the first in the industry to have our nanotechnology audited and verified by Nanoverify and with mulitple award winnings for all ranges of our products..
How To Use:
Step 1: Wash the surface and make sure it's clean before apply Ecoshine Enhancer
Step 2: Spray Ecoshine Enhancer on a clean towel/cloth
Step 3: Spread Ecoshine Enhancer evenly on the surface until haze is gone
• INSTANT RESULT: Creates a clean high gloss and slick finish result
• PROTECT & REFRESH: Protects the exterior surface and also works as a quick maintenence agent
• SAFE FORMULATION: Formulation is free from dangerous solvents, Non-toxic, biodegradable and REACH compliant
• ZERO ODOUR: Fully water-based formulation with no foul chemical odour
• DRYING AID: Works fantastic as a drying aid after a vehicle wash
• EASY TO USE: Simple and straightforward application method
• Dilution: Ready to use
• Carrier: Waterbased
• Consumption: 30-50ml/m2
• pH: 7
• Contact Angle: 110°
• Durability: 2-4 weeks
• VOC: 0gm/l
• Available Sizes: 100ML, 500MLPolice officers are appealing for witnesses after a sofa was pushed up against a residential property and set alight on Saturday afternoon.
One person had to be treated by paramedics after two fire engines from Crewe raced to West Avenue, Crewe, shortly after 2pm on November 10.
Crews were on the scene for 35 minutes and believe the fire was started deliberately. The incident has now be passed to Cheshire Police.
A Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesman said: "Shortly after 2pm firefighters from Crewe were called to reports of a house fire on West Avenue.
"Crews attended the scene and found that a sofa had been pushed up against the side of the house and deliberately set alight.
"The team used one hose reel jet to extinguish the fire and then used a thermal imaging camera to check for any hotspots. One casualty was treated at the scene by paramedics."
Details about the casualty have not been released by the fire service.
But anyone with any information is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML237476. Alternatively .Discover our range of brightly colored glosses for lips that are as shiny as they are irresistible! Rich in plant active ingredients with a non-sticky effect.Vegan friendlyGluten free100% of the total ingredients are of natural origin54% from organic farming
How to apply: Using a lip brush, apply directly to bare lips or over your lipstick.Fairport library closed for move
The Fairport Public Library will be moving to new digs as its current home undergoes renovations approved by voters.
On Monday the library at Fairport Village Landing closed for its move to 30 Perinton Hills Mall. The library hopes to reopen there on Jan. 2.
"We will have most of our collection there and a few computers for Intenet access," said assistant library director Tori Reilly. "The staff will be available for reference questions and help."
In May voters approved a $4.4 million renovation project for the library that includes new entrances, better lighting and new carpeting, and changes that will allow roomier space for programs.
The renovations are expected to take eight to 10 months to complete, Reilly said.
Library staff is working on how best to handle programs such as children story hours and book discussions while in the temporary space, she said.
Once in the new location, the library hours will return to normal. Library staff is asking that users return books to other branches and call other branches with questions during the period when the library is moving to the new site.
The Fairport library staff will have limited access to branch telephones during that time.
For more information, visit fairportlibrary.org.
GCRAIG@DemocratandChronicle.com
Bond-approved
Whats ahappen dec 1 we wil close
Begin preparing to pacj and movbe libtary services totemp locatoipn 30- perintoin hills mall;
We hope toi reopen thelibrary on dec 2
We will have most of our collection there and a few computers forintenet access and thestaff will be available for refe4rence cquestiosna and help with al of that
We are workin out places tohave theprogramming
Styory hours book discussion groups
'still working out details
There isn't space for that
Its going to take eight to 10 months for the renovation to be completed
n We still have same footprint
n Twqo new enrabces -0 one off cmnal park
n Integnal inetrance moved to
Were going tohave more compfo4rtable eating for peopke when they want to come in th library
New windows more lightin area
Basically everything that's
n Tori reilly
Renovation Relocation
Fairport Public Library, located in Fairport Village Landing, will undergo an extensive renovation beginning in January 2015.
The Fairport Public Library, located at 1 Fairport Village Landing, will close effective December 1, 2014, for relocation to temporary space at 30 Perinton Hills Mall, 6687 Pittsford Palmyra Road. The tentative date to reopen at the 30 Perinton Hills Mall location is January 2, 2015. The library will be in office space that is located between the Rochester Athletic Club and the American Red Cross.
As of December 1st, our computer network and telephone system will be moved and not operational for a few days. Please call another library with reference questions or about your library account until the library re-opens in January.
· The library's phone number will remain the same (223-9091).
· Library hours will remain the same after we re-open at the temporary location. Monday through Thursday- 9am-9pm; Friday -9am-6pm; Saturday- 9am-5pm; Sunday- 2pm-5pm.
· Materials can be returned to other libraries while the library is closed.
· HOLDS will not be available for pickup during the month of December. Fairport will not be available
· as a pickup branch after November 17th. Please contact us before December 1, if you wish to
· change your pickup location for holds already placed.
· Call us or check the events calendar for the locations of library programs.FEDERAL REPORTER..
DIMMICK
v.
UNITED STATES.
88
At Law. On demurrer to petition for fees as court commissioner and chief supervisor of elections, and upon the merits. Geo. H. Patrick, for plaintiff. Goo. F.1rIoore, Asst. U. S. Atty., for the United States.
BRUCE, J. This is a suit brought under the recent act of congress approved March 3, 1887. The plaintiff is clerk of the district and circuit conrts of the United States,and chief supervisor of elections for the Middle district of Alabama, and sues for amounts due to him for services rendered by him for and on behalf of the United States. He charges that the amount sued for was included in accounts which, as such clerk and chief supervisor, respectively, he made against the United States, and which were verified by oath and duly presented to the district court of the United States for this district, for approval; and that such accounts were duly approved by the court, and transmitted ,to the proper accounting officer at WashiI1gton, except one account not forwarded; and that the first comptroller of the treasury department disallowed a portion of his accounts so transmitted, as per his statements ofdifferences which were subin the evidence in the case, and the same reasons apply to the accouqt not. forwarded. To the petition the district attorney of the United States interposes a demurrer, and says that said accounts have been adjusted by the first comptro1l,er of the treasury department; and that the that induced the comptroller to disallow said items are sufficient iidaw,J.o'sustairi his' action. The questions oflaVl' presented by the demurrer have been substantially decided in the case of Barber v. U. S., 35 Fed. Rep. 886, at the present term, and that decision is followed berein. The prinCipal items in this suit objected to by the comptroller are the filing of papers from United States marsbals, and from commissioners, and indexing, filing, and entering records of chief supervisor of elections. It would be an unsafe precedent to follow the suggestion of the comptroller that only the outside paper or wrapper should be filed, the entire package. or. file being made up of separate papers, although appertaining to the same case or matter, or that but one of such package of papers should be filed. ,Penalties are prescribed against abstracting or altering papers filed in any federal court. It would not do for the fact of such filing to depend upon the uncertain memories of the clerk or his deputies, nor for the,clerk to abitrarily consider some papers in a pac)mge filed and others not'filed,Md to:\teep'no written record even of this. The embarrassnients c0nseqlient upon such practice are apparent., The clerk's indorsement prima facie proves the filing, and such indorsement is the usual manner ofevideneing the filing, and is the proper one. It should be upon every paper filed in his office. For all papers filed by him, the clerk is entitled to the' oomipensation provided by law. It was manifestly the duty of the to file all of the papers referred to in this suit and proved upon the trial. : It was equally his duty to mark these papers filed in the usual manneI'. 'As he has actually done the filing charged for,his fees for are allowed., The same may be said of the services performedb,xChina Says Its Economy, Recovering From The Pandemic, Grew 2.3% Last Year
.
"It's likely that China could be the only major economy that has significant positive economic growth in 2020," Nicholas Lardy, a China specialist at the Peterson Institute of International Economics, told NPR in May. "The U.S. is clearly going to be negative. Europe is negative. Japan is going to be negative."
When the pandemic first hit, however, China's economic outlook was a lot less sunny.
Thanks to sweeping and strictly enforced lockdowns, the country's year-on-year GDP for the first three months of 2020 shrank 6.8%, its biggest drop in decades. And as the economy constricted and unemployment rates rose, officials in the spring took the unprecedented move of scrapping their annual economic growth targets.
As the year progressed and the pandemic receded in China, the country saw an economic upturn helped largely by an increase in consumer spending. Its GDP went up by 3.2% in the second quarter, 4.9% percent in the third quarter and 6.5% for the fourth quarter.
China also reported a record $75.4 billion surplus in November, after exports to the rest of the world jumped $21.1% compared to the previous year. As NPR's Scott Horsley reported, much of that increase was accounted for by exports to the United States, despite the tariffs imposed by President Trump.
Still, an English translation of the statistics bureau report noted that "the changing epidemic dynamics and external environment pose a multitude of uncertainties and the foundation for economic recovery is yet to be consolidated."
As NPR's Emily Feng has reported, Chinese policymakers have pledged to continue policies that support private businesses and consumer demand, but will scale back certain credit-boosting policies in the months ahead.
The country has largely managed to bring the pandemic under control, allowing many businesses to reopen at pre-pandemic levels, according to Feng. And it still imposes strict lockdowns in regions with an uptick in cases: As of mid-January, a cluster of more than 600 cases in Hebei province has prompted the lockdown of some 11 million people.
9(MDAxNDQ2NDAxMDEyNzU2NzM2ODA3ZGI1ZA001))4. 2022 Chrysler Pacifica
The Pacifica was once the benchmark in its segment thanks to impressive handling and an extremely versatile interior. But six years into its lifespan, newer and better-equipped minivans, as well as large SUVs, have cut into the Chrysler's appeal. An available plug-in hybrid model allows you to drive on pure electric power for 32 miles, but it's only available in FWD guise and without Stow 'n Go seats. In 2021, Chrysler added an AWD option, as well as a mightily expensive and fancy new Pinnacle trim level. Updates for 2022 include a standard enhanced clean air filtration system, rear seat reminder system, and available Amazon Fire TV compatibility. [Read more about the Chrysler Pacifica]Parents' Voice
Our Parents’ Voice meetings are held at least once a term with Mrs Wilkinson. They provide an opportunity to find out more about the school and have a discussion about school issues.
Each year group in school has a representative who listens to views and opinions from parents and puts them forward at meetings.
The Parents’ Voice group has influenced many positive changes to the school and contributions from parents are highly valued. Any parent or carer is welcome to raise issues, concerns or positive feedback via one of the representatives or by email/text to the school office.
The terms of reference for Parents’ Voice are:
Aims
- To build good relationships between the parents and the school.
- Find out what the main parental issues, concerns and ideas are; discuss these and communicate the outcomes.
- Communicate with all parents and influence change.
- To work in partnership with the school to help and support our children.
Objectives
- To become another way parents can ask for support and advice for their children from the school.
- A voice for parents to raise their opinions with the school community.
- Clear and honest communication.
- Creating a powerful partnership to support the development of future plans and ideas.
- A facilitator to help raise parents points of view with the school.
- A group to help engage all parents in partnership with the school.
- Support the wider communication of the school.
- Engage some parents who don’t have a voice.
- Negotiate consensus between school and parents and clearly communicate the solution and the reason to parents.
- Promote a positive culture of offering solutions to problems and issues highlighted by parents.
- Listen to the whole school community (parents, staff, governors and friends).
Meeting - 13.1.2020
Issues brought from parents:
Can after school clubs be opened to the younger children as well?
Answer: Unfortunately we are only able to run the clubs for pupils in Year 2 upwards. Clubs are run on a voluntary basis by our teaching staff and in order to plan suitable activities that all the children will enjoy we do need to limit the age range to 6 to 11 years.
Is there a possibility of providing after school care?
We have discussed the possibility in the past. However the fact that we only have 102 pupils does make providing after school care a problem economically. However we will send out a questionnaire to parents to gauge the level of demand and then see if it will be possible to staff and run after school care.
Is it possible to order hot meals for pupils in pre-school?
We are working with Red Hen to try and add the pre-school pupils to the lunch system and will inform parents of the outcome as soon as possible.
Can the pre-school day end at 15:15 in line with the rest of school?
Due to the 30 hours funding in pre-school it is not possible to alter the timings of the day.
Improvements to communication with parents:
Information about pupil mental health and a 'meet the staff' section to be added to the newsletter.
Class pages to be updated for the Spring Term on website.
Possibility of a blackboard on wooden gate to remind parents of particular events ie: non-uniform day. (Added to budget)
Will cursive writing be taught in Reception from next year?
Having conducted comprehensive research into the subject it has been decided that we will begin teaching cursive writing in Key Stage 1 from September 2020.
AOB - lunch system discussed, most parents find it workable, it is easy to see which week we are on and parents like the e-mail confirmation. There are some small glitches but Red Hen have been helpful in sorting out problems.
Friends sponsored run - it has been agreed to keep it low key so that children don't feel pressured.Main Production & Application
Furniture can not be separated from the handle. In contemporary, the handle is not only a functional role, but also plays a decorative role. The mainly knob are single hole knobs,double hole knobs,round knobs,square knobs,rectangular knobs,oval knobs, ear shaped knob and so on. Its manifestation is ever-changing. American pseudo-classic style Furniture Handle, Nameplate, Furnishing, Slide, Plastic, Caster, Hinge, Hardware, Screw and Nut and other home furniture hardware accessories.
Dongguan Hoone Hardware Company was founded in 1997 and specializes in metal processing, manufacturing and production. Two major production bases in China and Vietnam, Now the domestic factory is located in Dongguan and Huizhou City, the foreign factory is located in Vietnam, Dongguan with a sales center.Each factory has grown into a collection of die-casting,polishing, pressing, welding, painting, electroplating.
20 Years Development Experience
8 Factories In Vietnam
10,000 Product Molds
Standard And Professional Color
Customization Products As Demand
Sample Confirmed Before Mass Producing
Support Exchanged Export Country
Copyright © 2018 by Guangdong KaiYi Information Technology Co., Ltd. | All Rights Reserved
Hello, please leave your name and email here before chat online so that we won't miss your message and contact you smoothly.KARL Fitzpatrick is convinced that Salford will pick up maximum points from their make or break double home header with Huddersfield and Widnes.
The Reds will be staring relegation in the face should their eight-game losing streak continue.
But jet-heeled full back Fitzpatrick says Salford are about to prove that they are too good to be embroiled in a relegation dogfight.
He said: "It's only a matter of time before we start winning again and pull away from the bottom two.
"We are only a couple of wins away from being back in the top six and I'm sure that our position will look a lot healthier after we've played Huddersfield and Widnes.
"We are fully aware that they are massive games. We need to win them both and I'm sure that we will.
"We had a very upset dressing room after losing to Warrington and we are looking forward to getting back in the saddle.
"It's fair to say that we didn't play well when we lost to Huddersfield earlier in the season and we have a score to settle. We will be fired up and desperate to win."
Fitzpatrick made his long-awaited return from injury in Salford's 48-14 defeat at Warrington.
He said: "It's good to be back. After pulling up after only two minutes in my last 'comeback' game at Rochdale, I was a bit worried about my hamstring going again against Warrington. But Jimmy Lowes (Reds' assistant coach) put me through a tough training regime leading up to the game to make sure I was ready and raring to go.
"I was really looking forward to the game but I couldn't believe it when I woke up in the morning and it was about one million degrees outside.
"I thought that I would die playing my first game back in that heat so I was relieved when the skies opened and it started raining. My prayers were answered and I was able to get through the full 80 minutes. Somebody up there must like me!"
Salford's fans certainly liked him at the start of the season.
Fitzpatrick began the season like a house on fire and he is confident of regaining his sensational early season form.
The Irish international said: "This long lay-off has really stoked my fire. It has made me more hungry and more determined.
"It may take me a couple of games to get back to my best but that doesn't mean that I will be easing my way back in.
"There are not many games left to play now and we have other players coming back from injury. So I need to find some form straight away."
Fitzpatrick added: "Being out injured for so long was incredibly frustrating. I tried coming back too early three times and I was made to pay the price.
"But thankfully David Hodgson did a great job at full back in my absence. He made sure that the team didn't suffer and I am delighted that he was named in Great Britain's 40-man squad."Website accessibility
NHS Education for Scotland (NES) are committed to easy access for everyone. We're constantly working towards improving the accessibility of this website to ensure we provide equal access to all of our users.
The NHS Scotland COVID Check website was first launched in September 2021.
This website is compliant with the new government legislation.
This website is improved on a regular basis in an Agile way and we want to be clear and transparent with regards to what we are doing to improve accessibility for the users of this software..
How accessible this website is
This website is compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1 AA standard.
What to do if you can’t access parts of this website
If you need information on this website in a different format like accessible PDF, large print, easy read, audio recording or braille:
We’ll consider your request and get back to you in 5 days.
Enforcement procedure
The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) is responsible for enforcing the Public Sector Bodies (Websites and Mobile Websites)  Websites) (No. 2) Accessibility Regulations 2018.
This website is compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1 AA standard.
How we tested this website
This website was last tested on the 6th September 2021. The test was carried out by a member of staff from NES Digital using a combination of Lighthouse Accessibility Auditing Tools (integrated Chrome and Internet Explorer development tool), keyboard navigation and JAWS screen reader software.
Pages that were tested:
- pages with content
- FAQ pages
This statement was last updated on 6th September 2021.Canon EOS-1D X Mark II
.
A passion for sport and an understanding of it, the ability to perform under pressure, fast reflexes and physical fitness: the skillset required of a professional sports photographer isn't dissimilar to that required of an athlete.
Sports photographer Tom Jenkins can often be seen sprinting the length of a pitch as he follows the action. With three cameras attached to three sizeable Canon L-series lenses in tow, it's no mean feat. "I've got a Canon EF 400mm f/2.8L IS III USM lens that has this amazing lightweight technology in it, and it has made such a difference!" says the Canon Ambassador. He's been shooting sports professionally for more than 30 years, and on contract with British national newspapers The Guardian and Observer for over a decade. "I can get up and down a bit quicker, which means I'm not so exhausted towards the end of the match when the most crucial events might happen."
Every second counts when you have lots of photographers – and a bank of long lenses – vying to create something unique, or to catch a split-second expression that will capture the imagination of the world in a viral flurry. Getting the 'money shot' is what Tom's job is all about – "there are photographers all around me, and we're all out to get the best shot." You're under pressure to take a risk with exposure or shutter speed to get something different, but the stakes are high: "You're standing at the end of the 100m straight, and you've got Usain Bolt coming towards you, at quite a speed. It's nine seconds, and it's gone. You've been there all day setting up those cameras. It won't be repeated. That is pressure."
There is no set rule about what the defining moment of a game looks like: it could be the match-winning goal, but it could equally be a fight on the sidelines. A large part of Tom's job is to identify the news angle, to anticipate what the writers will hone in on, and ensure he covers it. Tom approaches a game with both eyes open: "I focus through my right eye the whole time. But I've taught myself over the years to keep my left eye open to see what is going on. I might see a manager going loopy on the touchline, and then, 'Bang!' Over to the manager."
Describing himself as a "failed sportsman" at heart, Tom draws performance pressure comparisons but admits, with pitches spanning 100 metres and access restrictions, sometimes it's down to luck and perseverance. "When I miss the shot, it's quite hard to take," he says. "I suppose when I was younger and less experienced, I would be pretty angry but you have to be philosophical about it. Tomorrow is another day."
It took 25 years photographing the Grand National, one of Britain's most famous horse races, for Tom to get the 'money shot' he was after. "There's one fence called The Chair – it's the biggest on the course and I started setting up there in the 1990s," he says. He knew one year he'd get a good picture there, but didn't anticipate it'd take him decades…
"In 2016, it was raining, pouring, and I thought, 'Shall I put the remote cameras out? They're likely to get really wet. Is it worth it?'
"I knew I had to – I was due some luck at this fence. That year, all sorts of things happened: the horses were really tired, so they didn't jump the fence properly, and there were fallers. I got this picture on a remote camera and thought, 'Wow, I've cracked it, after all these years!'" It won first prize in the Sports Singles category of the 2017 World Press Photo awards (see the winning image here).
Tom is now preparing for what will be his fifth Rugby World Cup, in a career that's also taken him to seven Football World Cups and five Summer Olympics. "Rugby makes fantastic pictures because it's such a physically intense sport – there's a lot of ferocity. You can get some crunching action pictures," he says.
"You feel like you're in the centre of the world when you're shooting a World Cup final and you know that half the world is looking." But he does still find himself at local matches – jobs he says are refreshing, owing to the comparative freedom you have at grassroots games, where your position isn't restricted by advertising boards or TV cameras, and off-beat moments such as dogs running across pitches can still be chanced upon.
Big games aren't needed for great sports photographs, he insists, and nor are expensive lenses: "I know I'm very lucky that I can afford to have really fantastic kit and big lenses, but you don't need them to take great sports pictures. I started off with just one plain camera and a 50mm lens – that taught me how to frame things, and how to go in close."
Many sports fans would say it's a dream job, but Tom is covering events rain or shine and he admits there are days where he gets frustrated. He says the weather sealing in his kit is "critical". "They need to withstand the hurly-burly of my profession. I can't make the excuse that my camera's not working." A chamois leather cloth is his must-have accessory.
The pressure to deliver is clearly higher than ever, with live sports coverage and increasing consumer expectations and competitors' standards. His images are transmitted via Wi-Fi to his laptop, and then straight to the news desk. "One of the first things I do when I get to a stadium is work out how I'm going to get the pictures sent as quickly as possible," he says. "It's vital."
It's hard to imagine how you can stand out in a crowd of photographers, penned in together. There are tricks you can learn, but much of it is instinctive. Tom can't explain why he frames like he does: "It's in-built; how it feels nice to me."
Tom also ensures there's no room for technical failures and places great importance on caring for his tools. "I use CPS a lot," he says, of Canon Professional Services – the technical support network for Canon-shooting pros. "In the rare circumstance that something goes wrong, they fix it as soon as they possibly can." CPS also attends the world's most significant matches with a team of technicians. "As a professional photographer, that support is really important," he says.
Camera manufacturers often test their top-level cameras on sports photographers because they get pushed to extremes. "We shoot in poor conditions with bad contrasts that are really hard for autofocus and we want fast shutters and really quick motor drives." With a fast-moving subject, it's essential to have a fast and precise autofocus. "It is the biggest game changer and the most important development in technology over the past 30 years," says Tom, who started his career manually follow-focusing his subjects.
During a typical game, Tom will have three cameras on him: a Canon EOS-1D X Mark II with a Canon EF 400mm f/2.8L IS III USM lens, and another two bodies with a Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L IS III USM lens and a Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L II USM lens. "Those lenses cover me for all situations, from shooting action tight-in to tries in the corner, which are absolutely crucial."
When the moment comes, it's not whether his camera will work that's playing on Tom's mind, it's missing that key shot. "One of the most memorable nights of my career was in November 2003 in Sydney, Australia," he says. "It was the final of Rugby World Cup 2003, and England were playing Australia. I'd never seen England win anything big, be it cricket, football, rugby…
"It was a tight game, and it went to extra time. I was running up and down the sidelines photographing everything, and I was incredibly tired by extra time. It was pouring and I was sweating like mad, but I knew that it would probably come down to just one kick.
"The ball came back to Jonny Wilkinson. For some reason, I still don't know why, he turned and kicked it off his right foot, which is his weak foot. The ball looped up, went through the posts and England had won the World Cup. It was an incredible feeling.
"All the players were celebrating with the trophy, but I knew the story was Jonny Wilkinson. He is quite an introverted character, and the one player from the whole England team who didn't go near the trophy.
"So I'm thinking: 'how can I illustrate this?' Then I saw him heading towards the dressing room. He was the first player to leave the pitch that night. I saw all these fans draped over the tunnel with their arms out waiting to greet him. I rushed after him with a wide-angle lens, and I got one frame as he walked down the tunnel before the press officer walked in front of me and said, 'No more'.
"I didn't need more than one frame – it told the story. I knew the instant I took it."
Σύνταξη
The key kit pros use to take their sports photographs
.
Fast, flexible and built for any assignment, this is the one lens Tom says he couldn't be without: "It is a brilliant action lens – I take more pictures with this lens than with any other."
A compact, high-performance zoom lens ideal for those shooting sports, action and wildlife photography. Tom says: "This has amazing lightweight technology in it, and it has made such a difference!"
A professional-quality standard zoom that offers outstanding image quality and a fast f/2.8 aperture throughout its zoom range. "I would always take this on feature and action shoots," says Tom.
An ultra-wide angle compact lens with an added Image Stabilizer for ensuring superb results in low-light conditions.
Engineered for fast frame-rate shooting, this flash performs in the most demanding situations. Used off-camera or in the hotshoe, its versatility allows you to take complete control over lighting.
Fire compatible Speedlite flashguns over distances of up to 30m. Radio-frequency control provides reliable operation even when direct line of sight is not possible.
This compact extender increases the focal length of Canon L-series telephoto or telephoto zoom lenses by a factor of 1.4x.
"I learned years ago that one of the most crucial items in a sports photographer's kitbag is a chamois leather," says Tom. "This might seem weird considering all the technology that's in the bag, but if there's a sudden downpour, I can get the chamois leather out and put it over my kit. It protects it and is also then ready to get rid of any water splashes on the front elements. I buy new chamois leathers every year so they're nice and soft and fluffy."
As well as the three cameras he has on him, Tom will set up remote cameras in the corners of the pitch for moments he might otherwise miss.
An 80cm remote release for EOS cameras featuring an N3-type socket.
A 60cm remote release for EOS cameras featuring an E3-type socket. Its two-stage control button behaves in the same way as a camera's shutter release, activating AF on a half-press.
ARTICLE
Find out why sports photographer Alessandro Trovati shoots with just one light, versatile zoom: a Canon EF 100-400mm f/4.5-5.6L IS II USM.
ARTICLE
Lorenz Holder shares how he used the Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L IS II USM lens to shoot a skateboarder in action under a geometric viaduct.
ARTICLE
Why sports photographer Samo Vidic shot a project that tells the amazing stories of disabled athletes.
ARTICLE
It's not all long lenses and fast shutter speeds: pro sports photographer Tom Jenkins shares his top tips for improving your sports shots.
Click here to get inspiring stories and exciting news from Canon Europe ProWe are Instinctive BI
Engineering Success
IBI: The Personable Data Consultancy
Outcomes Engineering:
Resolve | Transform | Go
Work with the data heroes
All IBI employees go through a rigorous assessment and interview process to ensure that they are as experienced as they are personable. Data transformation is more than just a job for them–it’s an instinct, honed by years of successful experiences at some of the world’s most successful companies. Most importantly, IBI data heroes are out to change your world for the better. They genuinely care about the outcomes of your business and take pride in their work— just ask our current clients: on average our heroes are retained for 3.5 additional projects over-and-above their initial scope of work, because even once the work is done our clients fight hard for our people to stay.
We’re small and we’re going to stay that way
Each of our regional offices in Scotland, England and Canada have less than 50 people employed. We keep our teams small to ensure we deliver small company service but engineer big company value, keeping quality high and costs low.
As busy as we are saving the data world, we still have social lives
Our small teams and exceptional service means that every IBI data hero knows each other and that you’ll get to know us too! We believe in meaningful client relationships and want to make sure the data transformation process is both seamless and fun for our clients. Say goodbye to forced fun and awkward consultancy interactions: with IBI you’ll get high quality outcomes and high emotional intelligence.
Our service is exceptional
You’ve heard of expensive “white glove” experiences. At IBI, our people wear white gloves laced with platinum but without the high cost: our attention to detail, autonomy, and emotional investment in your business without the hefty price tag will leave you wondering why you didn’t call IBI sooner.
Outcomes engineering is a commitment to achieving outstanding results for our clients, no matter the complexity or barriers. The use of data to move your business forward should be integrated and seamless; we work with your teams or bring our own to transform your business into a data centric powerhouse, enabling senior leaders to focus on running the business. In an increasingly privacy-conscious world in which regulation and enforcement are ramping up, we embed privacy best practices in all that we do.
Resolve
When a problem of the past needs to be solved, you need people who can walk the tight-rope between urgency and excellence. You can count on us to weigh up the necessary trade-offs and deliver in the face of intense pressure, be it regulatory or internally driven.
Transform
Most transformation projects fail. Why? People and cost. With our handpicked teams, we make sure this doesn’t happen and that your transformation succeeds without costing you a fortune. We don’t jump on the buzzword bandwagon; we get the basics right time after time – succeeding where much larger consultancies fail.
Go
The nature of our people and the way we coach and support them means that they are ready to be dropped into any data danger, no matter how big or small, and will get you through to the other side unscathed. We can slot in any number of resources from 1-10 to seamlessly integrate with your team and ensure their effectiveness is noticed in record time. We don’t plug gaps, we move teams forward.Playing music since he was a wee lad, Hassan Ramzy woos the CairoScene girls with his smooth covers.
This week we caught up with guitar-wielding cutie, Hassan Ramzy. Playing since the tender age of 12, the self-taught singer and musician has been quickly making his name on the underground music scene. Performing at Grizzly Diner’s big Valentine’s Day blowout tomorrow night, we talk to the 22 year-old about DJs, bitches and Grey’s Anatomy…
How long have you been playing music?
I’ve been playing since sixth grade. I taught myself how to play the guitar and sing, and with practice, I got better!
How did you teach yourself how to play the guitar?
I just listened to other people and my favourite artists and copied what they did. Of course people were always like shut up, but you just have to keep going.
When was the first time you sang in public?
It was at a school talent show in grade seven or eight. I was really nervous. I felt like there were thousands of people in front of me even though it was probably only a couple hundred!
What did you play?
Metallica’s Nothing Else Matters, I think. And maybe some Linkin Park
Did you start performing because you loved it or to get bitches?
Well, I already had the bitches. Nah, just kidding! Because I love music, of course.
So when did you start writing your own music?
Well, I thought I was writing my own stuff but it was actually crap.
With DJs taking all the limelight these days, have you ever thought about ditching the guitar and getting on the decks?
Actually, I did think about being a producer but I wasn’t going to DJ myself.
How would you describe the Egyptian music scene right now?
Totally disconnected. Nobody is in communication with anyone else and I’m actually trying to do something about it. I’m planning to take underground artists around Cairo to give them exposure and offer something different for people to see on the street. We want to give all proceeds to charity. Worst case scenario, we make a few thousand pounds, best case scenario we get tons of coverage and exposure. We’ll have to focus on places like Zamalek and Nasr City at first, but hopefully we’ll get to spread to Shoubra etc.
We were in Zamalek the other day and a drug deal was going down on the street. Are you sure you want to take music there?
Haha, sure!
Who are your favourite local artists?
Shady Ahmed, Abu and Jailbirds. There are some really talented people here.
Have you thought about singing in Arabic?
It’s all English now, but I’m trying to get into Arabic. I wrote a song against the constitution and Ikhwan and it was understood internationally, but it didn’t reach the Egyptian people so I’d like to start doing more stuff in Arabic.
What’s the best gig you’ve played so far?
I like Grizzly Diner, it’s cozy and intimate but the AUC talent show a few years ago was amazing, too. There were a few thousand people there and I’ll never forget it. I performed a song that I’d written for a friend of ours that had passed away, and I cried and the audience cried. It was amazing knowing that I’d actually reached out to people
What’s the weirdest thing that’s happened to you while performing?
I was at a school talent show and I had my eyes closed while I was playing the song. When I opened them, the people in front of me were dancing, but they were dancing sha3by, and I was laughing on stage but I had to keep playing!
If you could have one super power, what would it be?
Mind control. I’d use it to control the record labels and shit and to make radio stations play my stuff.
Is your goal in life to have your song featured on Grey’s Anatomy?
No.
What show would you want your songs on?
Walking Dead. Not because of the zombies, it’s just the most watched show right now, so everyone would hear my music.
If you could play with anyone in the world who would you play with?
Cleopatra.
What’s your favorite Pokémon?
Charizard and Blastoise.
If you could collaborate with any artist, past or present who would it be?
Michael Bublé, or Jack Johnson.
What’s in store for your gig at Grizzly Diner tomorrow?
A lot of fun! They give me a lot of freedom, so it’s great.
Sing us a song…
Keep up-to-date with Hassan Ramzy on his Facebook page here. He performs at Grizzly Diner for Valentine’s Day tomorrow, 14th February at 8.30pm and again at 10.30pm.Jun 09, 2016· More information : Mr. Yanto Phone 082133834936 WARNING!!! NO TV BROADCAST WITHOUT PERMISSION!!! NO RE-UPLOAD!!! MrZygy3Get Latest Price
Stone Crusher ERP is a software designed for traders who indulge in crusher transactions tracking. The software helps in keeping track of profitability with every transaction. Consequently, it includes all the transactional details for managing the finance of stone crushers operations.Get Latest Price
Stone Jaw Crusher for Mining Stone Jaw Crusher is widely used in the world market mining industry nowadays, for primary crushing of hard rocks and block materials.Get Latest Latest Price
Dec 14, 2013· peter&xchina/application/ Stone crushing equipment mainly includes jaw crusher, cone crusher, gyratory Stone crushing machine Mobile crush...Get Latest Price
Oct 31, 2009· Stone Crusher Plant 90-120 t/h, Jaw Crusher and Cone Crusher Duration: 5:34. Gavin Hu 272,505 views. 5:34. Melting Aluminum Cans At Home Easy DIY Recycling ProcessGet Latest Price
Techmash Stone Crusher. Group is a stone crusher and sand making machine manufacturer with a Get Price And Support Online stone crusher siguientes thehandyman techmash stone crusher grinding mill equipment stone crusher siguientes Grinding Mill China stone crusher siguientes 4 7 9141 Ratings The peter&x If you are Get Price And Support Online.Get Latest Price
Stone Crusher Crushing BIG StoneA crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust.Crushers may be used to reduce..Get Latest Price
Techmash stone crusher cgm crushing plant,stone crusher manufacturers, traders suppliers if you are interested in stone crusher, send the supplier npp techmash a.Get price and support online qazvin wikivisually.The entire wikipedia with video and photo galleries for each article.Find something interesting to watch in seconds.Get Latest Price
Techmash Stone Crusher. aggregate crusher 45 china 45 india 45 nigeria. used hammer crusher 45 china 45 is used vajirasri. aggregate crusher 45 china 45 india 45 nigeria >> stone crusher 45 electrical and electronic panels used for . Get Price And Support Online; 150 Tons Used Link Belt Cranes For Sale website-tvget priceGet Latest Price capacity of .Get Latest Price
Stone Crusher U A E Yellow Pages. Stone Crusher Plant Price United Arab Emirates Stone crusher u a e yellow pages stone crusher u a e yellow pages stone crusher u a e yellow pages grinding mill equipment peter&x least news stone crusher u. Send Email: [email protected] Send Inquiry Inquiry OnlineGet Latest Price
Techmash Stone Crusher cz-eueu. germany aggregate crusher suppliers in dubai united a germany aggregate crusher suppliers in dubai united arab emirates list of quarries stone crushers in fujairah Get Price And Support Online; shengyang sanland crushing bnbinc NC Rubber Roll Grinding Machine ,Get Latest Price
baughans crusher for saleGarden Route. baughan group stone crusher for sale. baughans concrete crusher x lunarossa,Baughans is a family owned companyGet Latest Price capacity 200250 tph used in india 187 stone crusher for sale in philippines chatGet Latest Price
ConveyGet Latest Price
Clay courts are made of crushed shale, stone, or brick. Clay courts slow down the ball and produce a high bounce taking away many of the advantages of big serves, which makes it hard for serve-based players to dominate on the surface. Clay courts are cheaper to construct than other types of Tennis courts, but cost more to maintain.Get Latest Price
This end-time Work of the Watchman has a well documented history and tradition. It began with my Grandfather, some 70 years ago. All involved or familiar with this Work know of his lifelong contribution; and of the long and productive Work of his son, my Dad; Garner Ted Armstrong.Get Latest Price
Nov 30, 2020· TRANS OIL Group is pleased to announce the signing of the Revolving Pre-Export Finance facility in the amount of up to $150 million. The proceeds will be used to purchase agricultural commodities crop of 2019 from local (Moldovan) farmers and other suppliers.The facility was committed by an international banking syndication comprised of DFIs and commercial banks.Get Latest Price
Fabo Stone Crusher Manufacturer Heavy MachineryGet Latest Price
DETAIL OF INDIAN COMPANIES INCORPORATED Free ebook download as Excel Spreadsheet (.xls / .xlsx), PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read book online for free. DETAIL OF INDIAN COMPANIES INCORPORATED DURING THE MONTH OF JULY 2014Get Latest PriceGet Latest PriceI'm looking to buy a new gun. I'd like to keep the price under $250 for the gun itself. I'd prefer a AEG and it to be a M4/M16/Mp7. It'll need to be under 400 fps due to field regulations. I'm searching right now but not haven't found anything yet. Thanks for reading! Edit: Price Range: $0 - $250 Type of Gun You Want: Electric Preferred Gun Models: M4/M16/Mp7/AK (AK would be a last resort) What Role: Infantry.2020 Candidate Interview: E. Wadsworth Sherrod for OCC Board of Trustees
September 10th 2020
Voters throughout Oakland County have the opportunity to select two Trustees for the Oakland Community College Board.
September 10th 2020
Voters throughout Oakland County have the opportunity to select two Trustees for the Oakland Community College Board..
September 8th 2020
The Youth Mobile Crisis Team helps children, teens, and young adults who are experiencing a mental health crisis.Membership
Once you’ve made the fantastic decision to join OUAC, there are 2 simple steps to become a member. After third week in Michaelmas, everyone training with the club will be asked out the membership form and pay their subs in order to continue attending sessions. Feel free to contact the Secretary or Treasurer if you need any assistance.
The club offers three types of membership:
The OUAC only membership is aimed at all field, short sprints and long sprints athletes.
The joint OUAC & OUCCC membership is aimed at all middle- and long-distance runners who plan to compete both at cross country and on the track.
The OUCCC only membership is aimed at long distance runners who do not want to compete on the track.Nodal Agency
Foundation for MSME Clusters (FMC)
Technical Agency
Cluster Snapshot
Implementing Agency
Tilakwada Bamboo Craft
District: Narmada
State: Gujarat
Cluster Brief
415
Turnover
Technical Agency
Implementing Agency
Major Products
Rs. 1.07 Crore
SF Consultants
Gurumukhi Adivasi Vikas Trust, Gujarat
Furniture
Dauri
Supa
Utility Items
Home Décor etc.
No of Artisans
About Cluster
Tilakwada Village, with a population of 3649 is Tilakwada sub district's the most populous village, located in Tilakwada sub district of Narmada district in the state Gujarat in India. Total geographical area of Tilakwada village is 5 km2 and it is the 14th biggest village by area in the sub district. Agriculture and Animal husbandry are the main economic activity of the region. The farmers practicing rain fed agriculture. Paddy, Jowar , Groundnut , Tuver, Maize, Udad and sugarcane , banana are the major crops of the taluka. Most tribes are working as agriculture labour or as a wage labour in various industries.
The bamboo based products currently being manufactured in the cluster are baskets of various sizes. Also trays called “supa” woven with bamboo are also made but they are smaller in volumes. The clay pottery items range from pots of various sizes and clay idols. In the last year or two, IA has been working with the artisans to expand their product range (bamboo furniture, murals, wall hangings, lampshades, ceramic-ware etc.)
Art-Hi-Shan Support Desk
Need more details? Contact us
We are here to assist. Contact us by phone, email or via our Social Media channels.Costa Rica – Entry Requirements During the COVID-19 Pandemic
Are you planning a trip to Costa Rica during the COVID-19 pandemic? With 28 national parks, including the awe-inspiring Arenal Volcano National Park, and plenty of room for social distancing, Costa Rica is the ideal destination for a safe and relaxing vacation during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, before you pack your bags it is important to read and understand the current entry requirements for arriving in Costa Rica.
UPDATED 16 SEPTEMBER 2021
BASIC REQUIREMENTS
1. A valid passport
2. International insurance that covers medical expenses (at least US $50,000) and accommodation expenses (US $2,000) in the case of necessary quarantine resulting from COVID-19.
2a. This insurance policy is NOT required if you have been fully vaccinated with Moderna, Pfizer-BioNTech, AstraZeneca or Johnson & Johnson. The last dose of the vaccine must have been applied at least 14 days before arrival in Costa Rica. All tourists under 18 years of age can enter the country without an insurance policy.
3. Proof of round-trip airfare with a departure from Costa Rica within 90 days of arrival.
4. Completion of the online Health Pass.
ACCEPTED TRAVEL INSURANCE
International policies are accepted as long as you can prove they cover medical expenses (at least US $50,000) and accommodation expenses (US $2,000) in the case of necessary quarantine or treatment resulting from COVID-19.
Currently, there are two nationally recognized insurance policies for travelers to Costa Rica. Should you not have any international insurance these two options are guaranteed to comply with the minimum requirements of Costa Rica.
INS – Instituto Nacional de Seguros
Quote your INS policy here.
Sagicor
Quote your Sagicor policy here.
COVID-19 RT-PCR TESTING FOR REENTRY WHILE IN COSTA RICA
Although Costa Rica does not require a negative COVID test for immigration, many countries are requiring that airlines ask for proof of a negative COVID-19 RT-PCR test prior to reentry. The following is our list of reputable hospitals that can where you can get your test before your flight out of Costa Rica:
1) Hospital CIMA – Autopista Próspero Fernández, San José, San Rafael – 2208-1000
2) Clinica Biblica – Avenida 14, Laberinto, San José – 2252-1000
3) Hospital Metropolitano – Centro Comercial Millenium, locales 2, 3 y 5 Guanacaste Liberia – 2521-9595
The cost of a test at these hospitals is approximately $85 per test and results are emailed to you within 48 hours.
Should you prefer to not have to worry about traveling to a clinic or hospital for your test, the Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa has partnered up with Unimed Urgent Care to provide a mobile testing service for our clients. Authorized medical staff from Unimed will travel up to the hotel and perform the RT-PCR swab in the comfort of your room. They will then provide expedited transport for your sample to an authorized lab in San José for analysis. Results will be emailed to you within 48 hours following sampling.Book Online Now
Treating Myopia with MiSight® Contact Lenses
Nearsightedness, also known as myopia, is the most common refractive eye error in the world. People who have myopia struggle to see objects that are at a distance, as they appear out of focus but can clearly see things that are less than at arm’s length. The number of people who suffer from myopia is growing every year, but the most significant increase in numbers has come from young people, with research suggesting that the number of children and young adolescents developing myopia has doubled in the last half century.
What causes myopia?
Myopia normally begins to develop in childhood and occurs as a result of the eyeball becoming too long or the cornea too curved. These problems change the way that light is refracted by the eyeball, causing it to be fall short of the retina, which is the part of the eye at the very back that sends messages to the brain to tell us what we can see.
Living with myopia can be inconvenient and frustrating, particularly for young children who may not necessarily understand why they need to wear prescription lenses to improve their vision or find that their eyewear impacts their ability to take part in certain activities. Contact lenses offer children greater flexibility when it comes to correcting their vision without compromising their quality of life. However, it’s not only managing the day to day impact of myopia that’s important.
Slowing the progression of myopia
Myopia is a progressive condition, meaning that your child’s eyesight will deteriorate unless they have treatment. Slowing or halting the progression of myopia is strongly recommended by eye doctors. This is because studies have found that patients who develop severe myopia (high prescriptions) are more likely to develop potentially sight-threatening conditions in the future. These conditions include glaucoma, cataracts, macular degeneration and detachment of the retina. Slowing the progression of myopia could help to reduce your child’s risk of experiencing these issues when they are older.
MiSight® Contact Lenses
MiSight® contact lenses are the first ever contact lenses to be approved and licensed for myopia control in children. In addition to correcting their vision so that they can see clearly at all distances, these lenses use ActivControl® technology, which was developed by CooperVision, the makers of MiSight® lenses. ActivControl® has been proven to help inhibit the progression of myopia by combining distance correction zones with peripheral treatment zones. These treatment zones create a myopic retinal defocus that slows the progression of myopia.
MiSight® contact lenses are specifically designed for children, are easy to handle and look and feel just like regular contact lenses. They are daily disposables, meaning that your child can just throw them away at the end of each day, rather than having to worry about the complexity and hassle of a robust cleaning routine. Children can begin to start wearing MiSight® lenses as young as 8 years of age. Every patient is assessed on an individual basis for their suitability for this treatment.
If you would like to find out more about MiSight® contact lenses for treating myopia, our dedicated and knowledgeable team at NVISION Eyecare would be delighted to help. Please call our office at 09-884-0034 to schedule a consultation.Christmas Crafts
Crafts are not only a wonderful way to give people a part of you at Christmas, but also a way to help save money.
Crafts can mean different things to different people. For some, crafts are hand-made quilts, but a craft can just as easily be the “Cookie in a Jar” mix or a Family Birthday Calendar you “crafted” on the computer. Think outside of the box when thinking about crafts at Christmas.Robust Mobile App Development Solutions for Startups & Businesses
Expert full-service Mobile app Development Company
Owing to rich experience in mobile app development, Octos Global is equipped with skills and expertise to handle app development requirements of growing startups and established business organizations. We specialize in building robust mobile applications according to the customized requirements of a client that amplify the business growth prospects by engaging users across leading mobile platforms.
We are a leading mobile app development company specializes in developing a fresh application from scratch as well as improving and customizing pre-developed web platforms. Our agile mobile app development methodology and experienced team of in-house developers help us in building interactive and robust mobile applications across leading mobile platforms such as iOS, Android, Windows, etc.
Our careful conceptualization, prototyping and development process helps in taking any business idea to a mobile platform that helps in engaging customers, employees and other stakeholders through beautiful UX/UI and bundled value proposition.
Mobile App Development
iOS App Development
Octos Global deploys a team of iOS app development experts for end-to-end iPhone app development. Our team takes care of various aspects of application development right from requirement gathering, application prototyping, architecture designing, application development, testing and deployment of final package.
Android app development
Octos Global is one of the foremost Android app development companies that is credited for developing robust, beautiful and scalable Android applications and games over the years. Being an organization committed to helping businesses grow, we help businesses with Android app development to reach out and engage customers on one of the world’s largest mobile platform.
Cross Platform Mobile Development
We help businesses scale across different mobile platforms together through our focused cross platform mobile development process. Our experienced team of app developers help an organization in improving development costs while engaging users across various mobile platforms such as Android, iOS, Windows, etc. at the same timePython overtakes Java on GitHub
JavaScript, Python, and Java are the most popular languages used by developers the code-sharing site
8 November 2019 | 0
Python has become the second-most-popular language in GitHub, overtaking Java for the first time and ranking just behind JavaScript, according to GitHub’s 2019 State of the Octoverse report on usage of the popular code-sharing site.
Driving Python’s growth is increased use by data science professionals as well as hobbyists, GitHub reasons. The rankings were based on the number of unique contributors to public and private repos tagged with the appropriate primary language.
After JavaScript, Python, and Java, the most popular languages on GitHub are PHP, C#, C++, TypeScript, Shell, C, and Ruby, in that order. Big gainers for the year included Dart, Rust, HCL, Kotlin, TypeScript, Apex, Python, Assembly, and Go. Overall, developers collaborated in more than 370 languages on GitHub in the last year, according to the GitHub report.
The State of the Octoverse report is based on data from 1 October, 2018, to 30 September, 2019. GitHub also noted these additional findings:
- There were more 40 million developers building on GitHub, with 80% coming from outside the United States. Ten million persons have joined in the last year and 1.3 million made their first contribution to open source.
- More than 44 million repos were created in the past year.
- Dependencies are key in GitHub repos. On average, each public and private repo relies on more than 200 packages.
- More than seven million vulnerability alerts have been remediated by the community since GitHub launched its security alerts capability in November.
- Usage of Jupyter notebooks has grown by more than 100% year to year for the past three years. The figures are based on the number of repos that cite Jupyter as their primary language.
- Contributors to the Python-friendly TensorFlow machine learning library have grown from 2,238 to 25,166 people (when including contributors to dependencies in the total).
- Natural language processing is picking up steam on GitHub, with packages like NLTK lowering the barrier to entry.
GitHub’s language rankings differ from the Tiobe index of language popularity, which assesses language popularity based on a formula that counts searches in popular search engines. Tiobe’s index this month ranks Java first, closely followed by C, then Python.
IDG News Service
Subscribers 0
Fans 0
Followers 0
FollowersWe’ve come a long way since we were founded in Ian Hargreaves’ conservatory in 1999.
We started by developing CD-ROMs for the FA using Macromedia Director and Fireworks and building websites.
Then we bought a second-hand trailer and used it to support our clients at tradeshows.
After the business outgrew Ian’s home, we moved to our own office in Louth in 2002.
From there we got really good at creating high-quality eLearning content, building websites that looked great and did lots of clever things and travel all over Europe delivering audio-visual support.
We even managed to develop (and then sell) software.
By 2013 we had to move to a bigger office so we could create more high-quality content for our growing list of clients.
And earlier this year we won an award for Innovation in Education and Training!
Back when Ian Hargreaves was busy founding the company in his family home in Tetney 20 years ago, the First Media team were doing all sorts…
Rose was 8-years-old and spent a lot of her time with brother and cousins.
Avril was working for Nor Cargo in Grimsby as a junior developer, after completing a degree with the Open University.
Danny had just graduated from University and had a job in Electronics Boutique in Freshney Place, Grimsby.
Shell was in Year 8 at school and officially became a teenager.
Rich had just left school and was starting to develop an interest in computing after his Mum and Dad purchased their first PC.
Amy was at Primary School in Tetney and loved to feed her pet rabbits.
Shane was 18 and had just finished his A Levels at Franklin College. That year he went to his first festival V99 with the Manic Street Preachers headlining.
Luke was either on the football field or sat in front of the TV playing the original Sony PlayStation.
Nath was at secondary school in Louth and spent his spare time playing with his decks and dreaming of becoming a superstar DJ.
In November 2019 we threw a special party to celebrate our 20th anniversary with the team and everyone partied like it was 1999 all over again…
If you've got a project coming up and might need our help, we'd love to chat...Get In Touch2015 6
French Officials Arrest Uber Executives; Taxi Drivers Riot and Strike Saying Service is Illegal.
Police began their investigation of Uber in November of 2014 before raiding the company’s Paris office in March of 2015. Both Simphal and Gore-Coty were also charged with concealing digital documents. The executives were kept overnight and prosecutors set a trial date for late September.
The arrests come in the wake of protests against the company by French taxi drivers who reportedly flipped UberPOP cars, burned tires, blocked the entrances to airports, and became violent with UberPOP drivers. A total of 70 cars were damaged in the protest. According to USA Today the protests affected musician Courtney Love, who had her UberPOP car vandalized during the protests. On Twitter, Love insensitively said: “They’ve ambushed our car and are holding our driver hostage. They’re beating the cars with metal bats. This is France?? I’m safer in Baghdad.”
Wall Street Journal painted a picture of indifference from the company and claimed that while near riots occurred in the streets, workers in the Uber office “calmly played ping-pong” while “working on their laptops on low-slung couches near the foosball table.”
Many of the charges the Uber executives face were created specifically to target Uber. The charge that Uber “puts passengers in touch with drivers who do not have professional licenses” is new and carries a penalty of up to €300,000 ($332,832) plus two years in prison. For the past few months, police have been issuing fines to drivers of UberPOP cars, fines the company ultimately pays. 202 UberPOP drivers have been fined and one was given a 15-day suspended prison sentence.
Uber remains defiant and has refused to shut down its UberPOP service. Uber France lawyers are currently fighting the new laws in French Constitutional Court and the company has also asked the European Union to use its authority to intercede. The company claims that elements of the law violate the French Constitution and various European treaties.
In a statement, the company said:
“We are keen to continue talking to the French government about the regulatory framework for services like Uber. There is a way forward—with regulation that is focused on the needs and safety of the public, while also allowing more people to take advantage of these new economic possibilities.”
Speaking to WSJ,one French official scoffed at the rationale for Uber continuing its UberPOP service in the face of the new laws, saying, “You can’t steal just because you think theft shouldn’t be illegal.”
In an op-ed for Bloomberg View, writer Leonid Bershidsky argued that “France is right to mistrust Uber.” Bershidsky says that while he once saw Uber as a victim of a legal system that could not keep up with technology, recent arguments and Uber’s own actions have caused him to rethink his stance:
Yet Uber is not just a victim; it has invited much of the trouble. Katherine Teh-White, managing director of management consulting firm Futureye, says new businesses need to build up what she calls a “social license to operate”:
‘This ‘cancel’ the license. And that’s basically what you’re seeing in Europe and other parts of the world with Uber.’
Uber’s “social license” is questionable at best.
UberPOP has been banned in Brussels and the Netherlands. In South Korea, the government indicted Uber CEO Travis Kalanick for violating transportation law. In Milan, a judge recently deemed UberPOP illegal.
UberX has faced its own problems here in America, but the legal system has yet to fully address the questions posed by the on-demand economy.
No Comments on “French Officials Arrest Uber Executives; Taxi Drivers Riot and Strike Saying Service is Illegal”TRENDING NOW
Buckle Strap Sandals - White
Item No. CK1-60050908_WHITE
LIKE WHAT YOU SAW?View Similar Items
Revitalise your spring shoe wardrobe by including these buckle strap sandals into the mix. Designed with minimalists in mind, this sleek pair of shoes comes in white, making it an easy pairing for any outfit choice. Channel elegance even on lazy days by simply slipping them on. We suggest matching them with a pastel coloured top, flared trousers and a shoulder bag.
- Ankle strap
- Block heel
- Breathable lining
- Material: Faux leather
- Heel height (cm):Hi, welcome to visit!
Stone Crushing Machine : Extec crusher ahmadabad cotedivorie - We provide customers with a variety of good quality construction and mining crushing equipment, and optimize the combination of various types of equipment to meet different process needs.
2005 EXTEC Moded C10 CRUSHERS amp; SCREENS CRUSHERS Price: 87900.0 EUR City: Romania CAT enginepower 225HPweight 3100... 119546 Plant amp; Equipment
2007 EXTEC C10 Crawler Jaw Crusher . Quebec 765 mi away On-Site Auction. Montreal QC CAN. 10 Dec - 11 Dec 2020. View on rbauction.com. Items 1-14 of 14 total ...
2007 EXTEC C10 Crawler Jaw Crusher . Quebec 765 mi away On-Site Auction. Montreal QC CAN. Dec 10 - Dec 11 2020. View on rbauction.com. Quick View. 2017 TEREX FINLAY J1160 40 In. x 24 In. Crawler Jaw Crusher. Meter: 1352 hrs. Alberta 1430 mi away On-Site Auction. Edmonton AB CAN.
2009 Extec C12 Jaw Crusher. Item Number. 3633415. Location. Woodburn New South Wales Australia. Marketplace. Marketplace-E Sold on 240620 Winning Offer. AU 160000 of Offers 1 View Offer History of Watchers 17 SOLD! ITEM DETAILS. Meter Reading 1960 Hours ....
Address. Baum Publications Ltd. 124-2323 Boundary Rd Vancouver BC V5M 4V8 Canada Phone. 604-291-9900 Toll Free: 1-888-286-3630 Fax: 604-291-1906
Apr 06 2017 Hir and another two in construction...We are a professional mining machinery manufacturer the main equipment including: jaw crusher cone ...
Bentonite crusher ahmadabad. bentonite crusher ahmadabad laos immobilien-tessin. .
Buy and sell new and used Crushers today! Browse the listings of new and used Crushers and much more on Plant and Equipment
Cost Of 1 Million Ton Cement Plant Cotedivorie. Milling Equipment: cost of 1 million ton cement plant cotedivorie - A class of machinery and equipment that can be used to meet the production requirements of coarse grinding fine grinding and super fine grinding in the field of industrial grinding.The finished product can be controlled freely from 0 to 3000 mesh.
Crompton greaves wet grindwr moter in cotedivorie. ... Extec c10 machoires 2005. 2007 Extec C12 2007 . United Kingdom Dromore Crusher 2007 Extec C12 2007. Extec J 1175 Backenbrecher. 2006 . Germany Diemelstadt Crusher Extec J 1175 Backenbrecher 2006. Haahjem 100C. 1987 . Norway Trondheim 32 279 EUR. Crusher â€¦
Crushing Machine Perfect Dhansura In Cotedivorie. Dhansura Dist Sabar stone crusher price in india stone crusher 1821512transformer fully automatic crusher plant with 4 hector of stone quarry for sale how to seprate stones from coal in Raipur India Crusher ...We are a professional mining machinery manufacturer the main equipment including jaw crusher cone crusher and other sandstone ...
Extec C 12 Used Jaw Crusher. Extec c 12 used jaw crusher ilristorantelatorresed extec jaw crushers lmsoxtec crushers for sale used extec crushers a usa jaw crushers extec c 12econd hand construction machine excavator crane tower crane get price jaw crushers psp engineeringcj single toggle jaw crusherscj jaw crushers are used for primary crushing of all kinds of aggregate and ore â€¦
EXTEC C-12 CRUSHER PLANT OPERATOR OPERATION amp; MAINTENANCE MANUAL BOOK. 44.99. Free shipping . KOMATSU JCYC17 CRUSHER CUTTER Owner Operator Parts Manual book maintenance shear. 34.97. 49.95. Free shipping . KOMATSU JRYB18 CRUSHER Owner Operator Parts Manual book smasher maintenance 1996.
Extec c12 crusher specification asia in cotedivorie For Sale 18 Listings .. More Details
Extec c12 jaw crusher operation service â€ 16 Jun 2013 â€¦ extec c12 jaw crusher operation service â€¦. and quality of our cuextec c12 jaw crusher specifications â€¦ extec c12 crusher specification Mining crushers mainly include jaw crusher cone crusher impact crusher mobile crusher for crushing stone rock quarry materials in mining industry.
Extec Crusher Blow Bars. metso c120 wedges; retsch jaw crusher for sale; ... miningvibrating screen cercular in ahmedabad; harga mesin pencacah sampah type crusher mko 2000; ... used con crushers for sale in europe crusher company price; grizzly hs crusher milling mobile unit;
Extec Crusher Yellow Paint High Endurance Enamel Paint 1 Litre Tin. Brand new. EUR 39.06. From United Kingdom. Buy it now EUR 19.53 postage. Auf Dem Bauernhof On The Farm Bob Hersey Extec Edition Plate . Pre-owned. EUR 4.44. From United Kingdom. Buy it now. Customs services and international tracking provided
Extec Crushers; Refine Results Used Extec Crushers for sale. Filter. Sort by: Type Crushers 1 Show all types. Buying Format. Auction 1 On-Site Auction 1 Marketplaces. Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers 1 Compare items. Save this search . Name your saved search Email me â€¦
Home Construction Equipment Quarry amp; Waste Recycling Equipment Crushers Extec. Back to search results. Extec MEGA BITE. Price: 106056 USD ...
Home Construction Equipment Quarry amp; Waste Recycling Equipment Mobile crushers Extec. Back to search results. ... Send a message to the seller of this Extec IC 13. My comment to the seller: Name: E â€¦
Limestone Crushers Ahmadabad BoliviaLimestone Crushers Ahmadabad Bolivia Stone Crushing Machine limestone crushers ahmadabad bolivia We provide customers with a variety of good quality construction and mining crushing equipment and optimize the combination of various types of equipment to meet different process needs We Are Here For Your ...
MINERAL MINING IN SOMALIA Somaliaâ€™s sepiolite gypsum
Mobile stone crusher ahmadabad . Buy mobile stone crusher plant in ahmedabad â€¦ ... â€¦
We provide quality and efficient solutions to our global customerspaulg127
- Member since Dec 8, 2020
- Male / 52
Canton , Michigan
- 0 Followers
- 0 Trailforks Points
Recent
Selling
Nov 9, 2021 at 9:08Nov 9, 2021
Specialized Camber Comp$2350 USD
2014 Specialized Camber Com Carbon. Excellent all around bike! Rips downhills and efficiently climbs all up hills. No need to have another bike, this one will tackle all. Virtually everything upgraded except the stem. Crank Bros wheels Upgraded Fox Factory rear shock for 120mm travel Your choice - Rockshox Pike 140mm or Fox Factory 120mm front shock - both recently serviced, Fox has new bushings. XT derailer KMC chain 11 speed XT rear cog 32 tooth oval front SRAM X0 Carbon cranks - 1 by conversion with rock guard Carbon dropper! Lightest on market I believe. Schwalbe Rocket Ron tires XT brakes Raceface carbon bars Better pics to be posted soon.
Selling
Nov 9, 2021 at 9:07Nov 9, 2021New Caledonia Posted by Vandana | Aug 31, 2021 | New Caledonia | 0 | Interesting Facts about New Caledonia. 2 Min. English. @Explified Road Trip through New Caledonia. 8 Min. English. @22 South Noumea, New Caledonia. 7 Min. English. @ The Lonely Traveler New Caledonia. Biodiversity & Conservation Efforts. 4 Min. English. @ahabdowner Northern Province of New Caledonia. 5 Min. English. @Tourisme Province Nord Nouvelle-Calédon.Sheffield's gender pay gap revealed - city women among lowest-paid across big UK cities
The gender pay gap in Sheffield is significantly higher than the UK average, while women here earn less than those in 10 other core cities, it is claimed.
Sheffield' s gender pay also gap means women will effectively work months for free this year, figures suggest.
Estimates from the Office for National statistics show that as of April, female workers in Sheffield were paid an average of £12.36 an hour while their male peers received £15.11 – an overall pay gap of 18 per cent.
Over the course of the working year, that means, in effect, women in Sheffield will have worked without pay since October 26.
Nationally, the female workforce is paid a median hourly rate of £12.92 – 15 per cent less than the £15.27 hourly wage earned by men.
Charlotte Mead, Sheffield branch leader for the Women’s Equality Party, said: “Women still earn just 81p of every pound earned by men. This is still a stark fact even almost half a century after the Equal Pay Act.
“However you measure it the story is the same, women earn less per hour, less per job and less overall. When you then bring an intersectional lens to that, so if you a BAME woman, or disabled, or LGBTQI+, then the situation is even worse.
“It's important that we view the gender pay gap in the context of women's experiences not only in the workplace, but throughout their lives - women are more likely, for example, to sacrifice the opportunity to earn a wage for the sake of the family.
“The contribution of women to our economy and our society is under valued both at work and at home.
“This has to change. We need an entire shift in the way we view and organise our economy, which works for everyone.”
Out of the 10 ‘core cities’ – Belfast, Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, and Sheffield – wages in Sheffield for women are the lowest.
Paul Turpin, Sheffield City Council’s executive member for inclusive economy, jobs and skills, said that the gender pay gap in Sheffield in ‘not acceptable’ but added the gap was closing.
He said: “A persistent gender pay gap is not acceptable in a 21st century inclusive economy, yet it persists across the UK. Sheffield has the lowest median salary for women of all 10 core cities, but we also have the second lowest median salary for men which shows that Sheffield needs to do better all around.
“On a positive note, over the last decade in Sheffield the gross female hourly wage has been growing more quickly than males gross hourly pay, but the gap is still there.
“This is a symptom of the male dominated patriarchal society we live in, but it doesn’t have to be this way. There are interventions in workplaces that would help; transparency over pay, access to promotions, bonuses, and overtime, encouraging flexible working and supporting shared parental leave, could all help to close the pay gap.
“Businesses should be more honest about to whom and how they pay wages, by simply paying women the same as men for doing the same job.”c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladder
- Online Chating
The company adheres to the c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladder c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladder quality and price and best service for all our customers.
liquid storage tanks - Techno Group
Bladder c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladderWhat is the capacity of a water bladder tank?Potable Water Bladder Tanks: Bladder Capacity Approximate Dims NOM. WT. of Tank NOM. CUBE NOM. CUBE Gallons M3 Feet Meter Lbs. 100 0.4 5.3 x 4.2 x 1.00 1.6 x 1.3 x 0.3 35 150 0.6 6.6 x 4.2 x 1.25 2.0 x 1.3 x 0.4 40 200 0.8 7.9 x 4.9 x 1.25 2.4 x 1.5 x 0.4 45 11 more rows c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladderSee all results for this questionWhat is a water storage bladder.See all results for this question
What is a liquid bladder tank?
From 1,000 to 800,00 litre Bladder Tanks. Liquid Containment manufactures a wide range of Large Commercial Water Bladders which are ideal for temporary and long term storage of various liquids. Including Rain Water, Grey Water, Chemicals, Diesel and Slurries to name a few.See all results for this questionWater Underwater Lift Bags · Marine Fuel Bladders · Pillow Lift Bags · Marine Salvage Bags · Contact Us Tanks | Fabric Solutions TANK 1000L IBC CAGED PALLET CLEAN. STOCK. c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladder
Product Detail - Ansul
Bladder.Potable Water Storage Bladder Tanks | Plastic-MartPotable Water Storage Bladder Tanks Selection. Suitable For Fresh Potable Drinking Water; Custom Bladders Available By Request . Name Capacity Size Part Number c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladder 1000 Gallon Water Bladder (Potable Water) 1000 Gallons: 108"L x 132"W x 16"H: HPC-BT-1000PW: $1,162.99: 1140 Gallon Potable Pillow Tank: 1140 Gallons: 144"L x 84"W x 24"H:Potable Water Bladders - Custom Water Bladders - Water c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladderPotable Water Bladder. Bladder Tanks or Drinking-Water Bladders can easily use collapsible bags used to store drinking water or other liquids. These tanks are manufactured to the Mil-Spec or for civilian use, and NSF/ANSI 61 and/or SI 5452 approved.
Pack-a-Tank Water Bladders Water Tanks Products
PACK-A-TANK ® Water Tank Products Our Water Bladder Tanks, Rainwater Tanks and Temporary Water Storage Tanks have many uses and come in a wide range of stocked sizes.We can make custom sizes on request from 5000 up to 100,000 Litres.Military Water Bladders / Potable Water Bladders / Non c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladderOur storage tank and bladder specialists work with our supplier network to get you the right storage bladder for your application, at a value, and as timely as possible. 210,000, 50,000. 10,000 and 3,000 Gallon Military Spec Style & Mil Spec Water Storage Bladders & Tanks are Available. We are here to help! Call 1-800-474-7294 or 941-377-8610 Now to speak to an Interstate Bladder Tank Expert! After Hours / 24-7 Direct Call 1-800-238-4259 or 941-780-4003. Mil Spec Water Bladder How much does a 1000L IBC water tank cost?WATER TANK 1000L IBC CAGED PALLET CLEAN. STOCK WATER OR GARDEN GRADE 2 ** 1000L HDPE plastic IBC [Intermediate Bulk Container] POD or Pontoon, Pallet, Tote, Cube, caged water tank. Natural HDPE Polyethylene plastic. Pallets available $20.00 extra.See all results for this question
HIGH CAPACITY LIQUID STORAGE BLADDER TANKS
Available Effluent Storage - Bladder Tanks - Pillow Tanks - Slurry c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladderWater. IrrigationChina Water Storage Bladder, Water Storage Bladder c ing application 1000 liter water storage tank bladderIf you are interested in China Water Storage Bladder, You will be amazed by the variety of the product choices such as water tank, water bladder, water storage tank. Besides, their competitive & cheap price of Water Storage Bladder factory would get you an edge in your own market..
azerbaijan oil ometer domestic water supply system volume
level buffer tank buffer tanks prices
verticaltank for beverage storage tank
myanmar non metallic tank boiler water system technology
high pressure mechanical filter tank for water treatment pla
best storage tank buildersoil storage tank builders
Post Comments$119.95
The Acratech Quick Release Clamp features a large 15mm bulls eye level, is a full 60mm long and weighs less than 3oz (.085kg) and it fits all "Arca-Swiss" compatible plates. The Acratech quick release clamp also features a detent pin to prevent the quick release plate accidentally sliding out.
Prices updated daily on Shopbot. Please refer to the retailer’s website for final price.
Compare prices on Acratech Leveling Quick Release Clamp With Detent Pin Leveling Quick Release Clamp With Detent Pin We have the cheapest price at $119.95. Looking to shop Acratech products online in Canada then we have listed the best deals to help you save time and money.German black metallers AKRIVAL have completed work on their debut album, "Enigmas Of The Contradictory Nature", tentatively due in August. The complete track listing for the CD is as follows:
01. Gruesome Halberd (5:46) (rough-mix mp3 clip)
02. Shrine (4:42)
03. Malice - Triumph of Being (5:09)
04. The Shadows (4:17)
05. Resuscitation of Evil (5:36 (mp3 clip)
06. Hifthorn 461 (6:16)
07. Annoyance (5:07)
08. Turm (4:53)Super Bowl 2020: Kansas City Chiefs use stunning rally to beat San Francisco 49ers for first title in 50 years
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. – The most successful coach in NFL history without a Super Bowl title has to wait no longer. Kansas City’s Andy Reid, who had won 221 games over his 21 seasons in the NFL, finally secured the biggest victory of his career as the Chiefs came from 10 points down in the fourth quarter to beat the San Francisco 49ers 31-20 in Super Bowl LIV.
The victory was improbable only in the manner that it happened. Kansas City and its flashy offense were limited to just 206 yards through three quarters, and it appeared as if the 49ers were going to cruise to a win largely due to their ability to pressure Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes. But instead, the last seven minutes turned into a nightmare as the 49ers imploded and the Chiefs surged to three touchdowns in the final 6 ½ minutes.
Here are three other things we learned as Kansas City won its first Super Bowl title in 50 years.
1) Despite plenty of adversity, it was Mahomes’ time
A lot of things seem to come easy for Mahomes. This did not. Down 20-10 in the fourth quarter, it seemed his chance to add a Super Bowl to his Most Valuable Player award from last season was gone when he threw interceptions on consecutive series. But Sunday was a lesson in never giving up on a player with that kind of talent.
Facing third-and-15 with seven minutes remaining, and under the same kind of relentless pressure that had forced him into bad situations all game long, he somehow found a way to escape a sack and loft up a flat-footed pass deep down the field to Tyreek Hill, who had nobody around him. Suddenly, a game that looked like it was lost had new life. Mahomes hit tight end Travis Kelce with a 1-yard touchdown pass with 6:13 left, got the ball back quickly and then marched the Chiefs 65 yards down the field in seven plays to take a 24-20 lead with 2:44 remaining.
Mahomes didn’t have his best on Sunday, largely because of how much the 49ers pass rush affected him, but he was just about perfect when it mattered most. Mahomes finished the game 26-of-42 for 286 yards and two touchdowns, completing 10 of 15 in the fourth quarter.
2) Kyle Shanahan will have another Super Bowl loss to explain away
A lot of the conversation this week surrounding the 49ers’ coach harkened back to the Super Bowl three years ago when he was the offensive coordinator for a Falcons team that blew a 28-3 lead to the New England Patriots. Shanahan talked openly about that experience but never totally embraced the idea that he blew the game by not running the football enough late to run out the clock.
It’s not fair to say the 49ers choked like the Falcons did that day, but it was another Super Bowl fourth quarter to forget for Shanahan, whose offense did nothing on two drives after taking a 20-10 lead. Though 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo played well overall, completing 20 of 31 passes for 219 yards, it’s hard to justify calling five pass plays out of eight snaps on those two drives when you have a 10-point lead. It’s particularly puzzling when the 49ers were so successful running the ball, averaging 6.6 yards per rush for the game. San Francisco’s bread and butter all year long was offensive balance and getting the ball to its variety of playmakers but couldn’t find a way to get a touch for receiver Deebo Samuel (3 rushes, 53 yards) when it mattered.
3) Damien Williams was the X-factor
Given the plethora of flashy receivers the Chiefs have at their disposal, running back Damien Williams often gets overshadowed. But Williams was sensational in this Super Bowl, finishing with 104 yards on 17 carries and a touchdown. Williams accounted for all but 44 of the Chiefs’ rushing yards and made one of the game’s biggest plays early on when he converted a fourth-and-1 on a direct snap that set up Kansas City’s first touchdown.
The call was a bit surprising given Reid’s history of conservative play-calling in big games, but he fooled the 49ers with a bit of a strange formation where the players in the backfield twirled in unison before going to the line of scrimmage. Williams then took the snap and shot through the middle of the line for the first down and the Chiefs scored two plays later.
Williams then iced the championship for Kansas City when he took a handoff around the left side and got free for a 38-yard touchdown with 1:12 remaining.
If you love talking football, we have the perfect spot for you. Join our Facebook Group, The Ruling Off the Field, to engage in friendly debate and conversation with fellow football fans and our NFL insiders.Open Supply is a breakthrough consulting partnership. We help small to medium businesses, mid-caps and listed companies unlock working capital from within the supply chain. How? By helping you introduce and on-board an innovative, no cost finance tool known as supply chain finance (SCF).
The supply chain ecosystem is complex, especially for companies working with multiple suppliers. Your supply chain health depends on working capital flowing efficiently between buyers and suppliers.
Having an agile and innovative supply chain could accelerate your working capital in a competitive business environment.
Enter Open Supply and our win-win supply chain finance solution.
Together:
- we increase your working capital and reduce your supply chain risk via a value-add, no cost service to your business
- AND we help some of the most vulnerable people in our community.
Great for your business. And, great for the community because …
Open Supply Pty Ltd is a social enterprise entity of Open Heart Housing Limited –an independent, non-government not-for-profit that helps women with physical disabilities or women with children with physical disabilities re-establish their lives after fleeing the family home due to domestic violence. All Open Supply’s revenue is directed to Open Heart Housing.photo credit: Michael Rauner
“Let it begin with each step we take
And let it begin with each change we make
And let it begin with each chain we break
And let it begin every time we awake…”
Throughout the year, Reclaiming, the Wiccan tradition I cofounded and work with, celebrates moon and sun rituals and rites of passage. In San Francisco, most of our rituals are simple, informal, full of spontaneity and improvisation, done at the park or out at the beach.
But once a year, we do the big, blowout ritual—The Spiral Dance. This is our chance to honor the arts as sacred endeavors, the work of musicians, dancers, altar makers, to create a true temple for a night, albeit in a basketball gym.
So this week I’m meditating on the ancestors and my email box is full of questions like “Will you bring the adaptor for the powerpoint projector?” I’m leading a complex multiple-voiced trance with my housemate and dear friend Rose May Dance and our magical young friend Julian, who is twelve. Our theme this year is ‘The Next Generation”, so we have many young people and teens taking roles. We also have singers weaving in an eerily beautiful but rhythmically complex new chant my brother wrote, a full chorus singing us across the sunless sea to the Isle of the Dead, and my beloved percussion teacher Mary Ellen Donald on the hand drum, and our sound crew who will hopefully help us all be heard!
You can see lots of photographs and videos at our new website, created by that selfless, saintly stellar website designer Laurel Green, even though she lives on the East Coast and won’t even get to come to the dance. But she has earned enough good karma to absolve her in advance from at least fifteen sins she hasn’t yet committed. (If we had sins—which we don’t, or rather, the kinds of things we consider sins she probably wouldn’t want to do anyway, like drone-bombing wedding parties of innocent civilians, or dumping toxic waste into major river systems.)
Here’s her websites: web hosting work Goddess art
You can see the video I made at:
And here, from the indefatigable Cypress, is a list of all the current videos:
The main Spiral Dance video for the 30th anniversary
Kala really steps up to help us understand...
What's up with those pointy hats? NEW!
This includes photos of the six Macha has chosen to call in, a great way to start linking in with the magic...
Invocation of the Mighty Dead Interview with Macha Nightmare NEW!
I'm totally inspired by these whirling dancers and Luna's story of generational healing through ancestor work...
The Yoruban Ancestor Tradition and Rituals - with Luna Pantera - NEW!
Fun, spooky & informative...
Who is Jack O'Lantern?
This is beautiful, a lovely tribute, and a way to know some of our Reclaiming history...
Reclaiming Tradition of Altar Building at Spiral Dance Interview with Macha Nightmare NEW!
This would totally make me want to come to the Spiral Dance if I hadn't been before...
Yule @ Equinox re: Being in the center of a cone of power with 1000 witches
Interfaith work is deep magic in this world at this time, let's start here...
Our Interfaith Friends Interview with Macha Nightmare - NEW!
A great description of the Spiral Dance and some of the story about the transition from a small event to what we have now...
Madrone re: producing the Spiral Dance
Reflection on personal experience of dancing the Spiral and looking into all those eyes...
Brook re: What it is like to dance the Spiral Dance.
Spidees? How did they get in on the act?
Danni Lee on What do Spiders have to do with Halloween?
Sometimes improvisation is the magic that is worked...
Pavini - Building the Fire altar
But last night, just before our final organizing meeting, a big metal chunk broke loose from the Bay Bridge and crashed on the roadway. By some miracle, no one was hurt—but now the bridge is closed, indefinitely, and we are all wondering how that might affect attendance on Saturday night. Maybe it’s the Goddess’ way of telling our friends in the East Bay to use public transportation? Maybe it’s the Goddess way of telling our public transport people to keep BART running later than midnight on Halloween? Maybe the bridge will be fixed by then, although everyone is saying ‘it could be weeks….”
If the bridge is down…will our friends from the East Bay come? If not, will we actually break even on the costs of this ritual? Our budget is over $17,000–space rental, sound system, a thousand other things, and we are really hoping this year to also raise some much needed funds for Reclaiming’s programs and projects. (By comparison, the tenth anniversary Spiral Dance, twenty years ago, cost around $15,000 to put on. I produced that one–and the week before the event, we had an earthquake that closed the bridge for a month.)
Money is not the reason we put on the ritual. We create this ritual because we love it–and we do to create a moment together to share our grief, our losses, and our hopes, to support each other through the process of mourning, to envision the world we want and to pump that vision full of magical energy.
But money sure helps! It is a necessary precondition, and we need to cover our costs and then some if we want to create this ritual again next year, and the year after that. None of us who organize the ritual and who put in massive amounts of time get paid to do the work. In good years, sometimes we fling a tiny pittance at our devoted chours director, Evelie Delfino Såles Posch, who puts in hundreds of hours of work. But amy extra money we raise goes right to Relaiming’s slim coffers, to help support all the other teaching, ritual making and community work we do all year. It pays for things like Reclaiming’s insurance policy, seed money for next year, scholarship funds for classes…
Okay, I’m taking a deep breath, visualizing safety, abundance, open roads, strong bridges…
I’ll keep you posted!
Many blessings on this wonderful, powerful ritual, & on the transportation & safty of those who participate!! The photo on this page is georgeous – & thanks for all the links!
Bright blessings from Oregon
Thanks for all those great links, Starhawk!
Here’s some photos of Starhawk’s visit to EcoReality, including the spiral dance (go to second page of photos) she conducted here for over 2% of our island’s population. (That would be like 170,000 people showing up from the San Francisco Bay Area!)
Hello there, HAPPY HALOW.NDAC and RFAC Families:
Yesterday I was informed by Bard College personnel that "some" NDAC swimmers have been uncooperative and even combative with regards to adhearing to mask protocols while in the building. Wearing a mask is a non-negotiable part of our contract with Bard College and indiviual participation on NDAC and RFAC. Swimmers must wear a mask anywhere within the Bard Athletic complex. Reminder: NDAC/RFAC participants are only permitted in the hallway by the back door (transitioning in and out), the pool area and bathrooms associated with the pool area. Outside of actual swimming, all participants must wear a mask.
Starting immediately: No swimmers may wait for parent pick-up in the back hallway. If you get out of the practice pool early for any reason, you are required to wait within the actual pool area under the direct supervision of the NDAC/RFAC Coaching staff. Older swimmers may choose to wait outside. Under no circumstances will swimmers be allowed to sit in the back hallway.
Much effort has gone into keeping NDAC/RFAC swimmers training and in the pool over the past 18 months. From this point on, there will be zero tolerance of actions that jepordize our ability to remain swimming at Bard. Anyone who is found to be non-compliant with regards to mask wearing and uncooperative with Bard or NDAC/RFAC staff with concerning adhearance to mandatory safety protocols will be immediately suspended from team pending a Board meeting within 7 days of the incident to determine if this suspension is temporary or permanent. Please contact me should you have any questions regarding this or any other matter.COME, bring with a noise,With the last year’s brand
My merry, merry boys,
The Christmas log to the firing ;
While my good dame, she
Bids ye all be free ;
And drink to your heart’s desiring.
My merry, merry boys,
The Christmas log to the firing ;
While my good dame, she
Bids ye all be free ;
And drink to your heart’s desiring..ol’ had at first a secular or even pagan significance: in twelfth-century France it was used to describe the amorous song-dance which hailed the coming of spring; in Italian it meant a ring- or song-dance; while by English writers from the thirteenth to the sixteenth century it was used chiefly of singing joined with dancing, and had no necessary connection with religion.”98).
Banqueting Hall being completely covered in straw, branches or leaves as incarnations of the tree-spirit or the spirit of vegetation, such as Green George, Jack-in-the-Green, the Little Leaf Man, and the Leaf King.[4]
Wassail)
The King Drinks (c.1640)
Merry Christmas in the Baron’s Hall (1838):
 mask!”
(See full text here),(See full text here)”
Winter Landscapes
Winter Landscape near a Village
The Hunters in the Snow (1565)
Winter Landscape with Skaters and Bird Trap (1565)
These famous winter landscape paintings by Pieter Brueghel the Elder, such as The Hunters in the Snow and Winter Landscape with Skaters and Bird Trap are all thought to have been painted in 1565. Hendrick Avercamp also made made many snow and ice landscapes coinciding with the Little Ice Age. Three particularly cold intervals have been described as the Little Ice Age: “one beginning about 1650, another about 1770, and the last in 1850, all separated by intervals of slight warming”.
Outdoor Activities: Skating, Markets and Fairs
Patineurs au bois de Boulogne (1868)
Russian Christmas
Franz Skarbina (1849-1910)
Christmas Fair (1904)
Nature-Based vs Anti-NatureisThere.
Caoimhghin Ó Croidheáin 2018-12-18
Notes:
[1] Clement A. Miles, Christmas Customs and Traditions: Their History and Significance, Dover Publications, 2017, p47.
.The simple budgeting method that gives you the freedom and flexibility to save and spend while making sure you don’t blow your budget!
Unless you live an incredibly boring and predictable life, chances are your spending will vary every week. Moreso when you compare it month over month. (e.g. December vs. January will be VERY different)
Budgeting is about finding a method that works for you – everyone lives and spends differently so it’s important that you adapt a money plan that you feel good about and doesn’t get you resenting your life.
The “Freedom within a Budget” (FWB) plan is a method that is less stringent compared to a budget where you’re allocating money to every single category that is available to man. The idea behind FWB is simply:
- Making sure your fixed expenses (e.g. mortgage/rent, utilities, car insurance, etc.) are paid
- Making sure you pay yourself (e.g. savings, investments, debt-repayment, money for your goals)
- Then allocating the rest towards your variable spending – these are the items that differ everyday and every week
To plan out your “Freedom within a Budget”, follow these steps using the worksheets you can download for free:
Download Your FREE
Stress-Free Weekly Spend Plan
Step 1.
Write down your after-tax income. If your income fluctuates (like mine because I am a solopreneur and my income depends on the revenue I generate myself), then write down the lowest amount you generally receive.
Step 2.
Write down your total debt payment, including your mortgage, spousal, child support payments, or any other debts you owe. If you’re looking to make extra debt payments, note down the minimum payments in this section first. You’ll be able to see how much extra debt payments you can make after you allocate your fixed expenses.
Step 3.
Write down your fixed, recurring monthly expenses, like your utilities, cell phone, car payments, etc.
Dealing with Non-Monthly Recurring Expenses.
Now for items that come due twice a year or on a quarterly basis, if the payment is significant enough, you should take this amount out every month and set it aside in another account.
For example, my car insurance payment is due twice a year – May and November. Each payment is $740. That’s a pretty hefty one-time payment, so I make sure I take out $124 each month ($740/12 = $124).
Step 4.
Tally up your totally fixed payments (B) + (C).
Step 5.
Take your Total monthly after-tax income box (A) and subtract your total fixed payments (D). So (A) – (D), and you will get the amount that’s available for your financial goals and personal spending.
What are financial goals?
Financial goals are the things that require spending and saving sometime in the future, whether it’s in the near-term or long-term. These can be items that would make you financially better off such as being debt-free from your credit cards or student loans or saving for your emergency fund. Or, they can be your dreamy items such as a big trip, a house purchase, retirement, kid’s education, etc.
Whatever they are, you will need to calculate how much it’s going to cost you, and when you want them, so you can start allocating money towards these goals.
Step 6.
Allocate money towards your financial goals and savings. This is where you pay yourself. You may have to re-visit this step as you find the balance between saving and Step Seven – your variable spending. You want to make sure you are paying yourself but at the same time, not being overly ambitious with your goals that you end up resenting your life because you leave yourself nothing to have fun with on a day-to-day basis.
Step 7.
What is left for your variable spending? These are the expenditures that differ on a week-to-week basis, especially when comparing the time of the year. For example, your spending in July would likely be different compared to January. You might be out more often in July because it’s summer and want to be out and about, compared to the frigid winters where all you want to do is stay in and watch Netflix.
The beauty about this system is you get to choose how you want to spend your money. All it takes is a bit of planning upfront and prioritizing your needs and wants. Have that avocado toast. Have that latte you’ve been craving. All while knowing you have set aside money for your savings and goals already. Just don’t go over this “spendable” amount you’ve set for yourself. If you find you are constantly going over, then re-visit Step Six to see if you’re being too aggressive with your savings and goals.
Download Your FREE
Stress-Free Weekly Spend PlanDescription: Aquaglide SuperTramp eight-sided water trampoline. Designed for outstanding bounce and durability, each SuperTramp™ incorporates all the premium features necessary for years of fun. Eight-sided Octane™ frame and six inch powder-coated springs support larger jump surface and provide superior bounce. Comes complete with SwimStep™ access platform.SuperTramp™Technical Features:-OctaneEight-sided for superior bounce and greater jump surface.All Aquaglide SuperTrampCommercial grade fabric reinforced PVC material.Ideally suited for watersports, Duratex™ material is the finest, commercial grade fabric reinforced PVC available. Each Aquaglide item uses Duratex™ material for maximum strength and durability. The SuperTramp™ incorporates 1000d fabric fused with layers of 28 oz PVC.-UV BlockMaterials specially treated for high resistance to the sun's damaging rays.UV damage is typically the biggest culprit in shortening the life of commercial watersports products. Consequently, each Aquaglide item is treated with UV Block, the highest grade 3-year UV coating available. While they recommend periodic maintenance with additional UV coatings, there is no substitute for having UV Block incorporated into the material right from the start. UV Block for years of trouble-free use.-HA WeldHot4 attachment positions for multiple accessories and positioning. Heavy duty stainless fittings and convenient Interloc straps for modular use.Aquaglide items connect to one another using the Interloc system. Soft webbing offers some flexibility, while remaining tough enough for years of service. Only Interloc blends the convenience of a cinch with the security of a locking connection. -HD GripIncorporates heavy duty molded handles for convenient boarding and/or transport.Heavy Duty molded handles allow for convenient boarding and/ or transport. The SuperTramp™ includes 2 molded boarding handles. -UP GripIncorporates convenient boarding handles that fold flat.Convenient climbing handles allow for boarding and/or climbing while staying out of the way for other activities. The SuperTramp™ includes 2 climbing handles.3 Year Limited Warranty against any and all manufacturing defects.Info: Each Aquaglide item offers a warranty covering any and all manufacturing defects for an extended period of time. The SuperTramp™ includes a 3 Year warranty for recreational use.Functional Features:-SwimStepIncludes convenient SwimStep access platform for easy boarding. More than just a convenient way to board, the SwimStep access platform is the start of your aquapark. The SwimStep adds living space to each item! Incorporates heavy duty molded boarding handles, connects to Aquaglide items using Interloc™system.-BounceIncorporates a bouncing feature. Regardless of your age, few things capture childlike enthusiasm better than bouncing with wild abandon. Bounce for the sky on this item.Specifications:23' Diameter: 23'W x 42"H (17.25' jump surface)American Baptist Seminary of the West Save to list Berkeley, CA, USA One of the first colleges founded in the state of California, American Baptist Seminary of the West is a Christian graduate school in Berkeley and a charter member of the Graduate Theological Union. Affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA, ABSW confers master’s degrees in Divinity and Community Leadership as well as a doctorate in Divinity. The seminary is also home to Iniciativa Latina which offers a bachelor’s degree equivalent and master’s degree program for Spanish speaking students. As a Christian institution, ABSW holds weekly evening worship services following an all-campus dinner. Admissions Key Admissions Stats Institution Type Private Not for Profit American Baptist 51 Oakwood UniversityHuntsville, AL 3.70 Average Rating Arizona State University-TempeTempe, AZ 3.79 Average Rating Arizona Western CollegeYuma, AZ 3.52 Average Rating Northern Arizona UniversityFlagstaff, AZ 3.83 Average Rating California Baptist UniversityRiverside, CA 4.28 Average Rating California Christian CollegeFresno, CA 4.25 Average Rating Yale UniversityNew Haven, CT 4.45 Average Rating Harvard CollegeCambridge, MA 3.84 Average Rating Clarks Summit UniversitySouth Abington Township, PA 4.16 Average Rating Stanford UniversityStanford, CA 4.31 Average Rating See All Colleges in California American Baptist Seminary of the West See My Chancespathways & support to get the best out of you
We all experience periods of feeling sad, fed up and hopeless from time to time and for most of us these are normal responses to stressful or upsetting events and experiences that happen in our lives. We can also feel these emotions without there being any specific event that may have triggered them, these feeling usually pass.
However, some people experience intense feelings of persistent sadness and helplessness and hopelessness which can often accompany other symptoms such as tiredness, lack of motivation, social withdrawal, sleeplessness and other symptoms. If these feelings occur for an extended period (weeks or months) and impact on the person's quality of life, their relationships, employment and health, this can be a sign of depression.
Depression is one of the most common mental health difficulties faced in society today with one in five people receiving a diagnosis. It is important to remember that it is an illness and that you are not alone.
How do I know if I am depressed?
There are many symptoms of depression. These include:
Persistent feelings of low mood/sadness
Tearfulness/crying for no particular reason
Not coping with things that used to be manageable
Losing interest in sex or intimacy
Thinking about death or suicide
Loss of energy
Feelings of helplessness and hopelessness
Difficulty concentrating and making decisions
Avoiding other people such as family and friends
Difficulty sleeping such as waking up early, disturbed sleep, difficulty getting to sleep
Feeling restless, irritable and agitated
Losing interest in the things you used to enjoy
Loss of self-esteem or confidence
Self-harm
Using more alcohol or drugs than usual
Loss of appetite/ increased eating
Having a bleak, pessimistic view of the future/ feeling that life is pointless
We understand that admitting you are depressed can feel like a difficult thing to do, and seeking help can often feel daunting, it is important that you get the help and support you need.
How can counselling help me feel happier?
We have a wealth of experience and have been fully trained to help people through their depression. Counselling and psychotherapy can help you explore the feelings you are experiencing and the underlying reasons for your depression in a safe and confidential way. We can explore alternative ways of seeing the world, yourself and the situation you find yourself as well as helping you find better ways to cope with life.Details
Every Votivo candle is meticulously crafted with a proprietary soy-blend wax formulation that ensures a clean, even burn and a memorable, one-of-a-kind fragrance experience.
Premium, one-of-a-kind fragrance created in-house by a dedicated team of professional perfumers
Soy-blend wax poured in Spartanburg, South Carolina, U.S.A.
4 oz
30-40 hours burn time
The flagship product, Camu, is a cloud solution offered in the SaaS model for both, the web and mobile platforms. Camu offers an Integrated Student Information System (SIS) and Learning Management System (LMS) with a framework that enables Institutions to easily adopt modern learning concepts such as Outcome-Based Education (OBE), Competency-based learning, and the Flexible Choice Based Credit System (CBCS). Camu has a client base of over 400+ Institutions and 1 million students and a presence across 7 Countries.
For more latest updates, You can join us on Twitter, Linkedin
The Latest EdTech News To Your InboxQuick Answer: How To Reprogram Car Computer For Idol 2012 Hyundai Sonata?
Contents
- 1 How do I reset my Hyundai Sonata computer?
- 2 How do you reset the engine control module on a Hyundai?
- 3 How do I reset my car after replacing the battery?
- 4 How long does it take for a car computer to reset?
- 5 Will unhooking battery reset the computer?
- 6 How much does it cost to reset a car computer?
- 7 Why would a car’s computer need to be reprogrammed?
- 8 What does resetting car ECU do?
- 9 Does a used ECM need to be reprogrammed?
- 10 How do you reprogram a powertrain control module?
- 11 What happens if ECU fuse is blown?
How do I reset my Hyundai Sonata computer?
To reset the computer in a Hyundai vehicle, open the hood and use a wrench of pliers to disconnect the positive cable from the battery. Look for the fuse that says ECM on it and remove it. Keep this removed for at least three minutes to clear the vehicle’s memory.
How do you reset the engine control module on a Hyundai? does resetting car ECU do?
“Resetting the ECU” is the process of clearing all the long term memory from the ECU’s memory. These variables trim idle speed, fuel, spark, and more. The ECU will also store trouble codes for diagnostic capability. reprogram a powertrain control module?.
What happens if ECU fuse is blown?
The voltage or amps surge, causing the ECM 1’s fuse to blow. When the starter fails you will hear a clicking noise or the engine will be hard to start.>>IMAGE.
What is PAN card?.
How to apply for PAN card online
First off, visit the official online portal of NSDL for PAN application.
Select the application type and category.
Enter the required applicant details, and click on ‘Submit’ button.
Next, upload the required documents.
Finally, make the application fee payment.
After successful submission of the form, you will get an acknowledgement number, that can later be used to track the application.
What is TAN?.
How to apply for TAN?
In order to apply for TAN, log on to the TAN application page on the NSDL portal.
Next, click on ‘Online Application for TAN (Form 49B).’
Select the category of deductors from the drop-down menu, and click on ‘Select’ button…..Read More>>>
Source:- techiyogizFounded in 2013, Universitas Sampoerna (Sampoern Sampoerna is a very small (uniRank enrollment range: 250-499 students) coeducational Indonesian higher education institution. Universitas Sampoerna offers courses and programs leading to officially recognized higher education degrees in several areas of study. See the uniRank degree levels and areas of study matrix below for further details. Universitas Sampoerna also provides several academic and non-academic facilities and services to students including a library, as well as administrative services.
search the Universitas Sampoerna's website
Kementerian Pendidikan, Kebudayaan, Riset, dan Teknologi, Republik Indonesia
2016
Tip: search for Universitas Sampoerna's accreditations with the uniRank Search Engine
Not available; please submit a list of official first level academic divisions such as faculties, departments etc.
Tip: search for Universitas Sampoerna's faculties or academic divisions with the uniRank Search Engine
Not reported
Not reported
Tip: search for Universitas Sampoern Sampoerna's Facebook page for social networking
Universitas Sampoerna's Twitter webpage for micro-blogging and news updates
n.a.
YouTube
n.a.
Universitas Sampoerna's Instagram or Flickr account for photosSince the 1960s when man first landed on the moon, space research has made some truly exciting developments. It was indeed one step for a man and a giant leap for mankind. Unfortunately, not all of those developments are well known in detail.
So, if you have never heard of CubeSats, don’t worry about it. You are not alone. These are basically miniature satellites or nanosatellites that are built to the standard dimensions of 10 x 10 x 10 cubic units and measured in Units indicated by U. That’s roughly the size of a Rubik’s cube and it allows for one liter of (useful) volume.
So, any given nanosatellite could be 1U, 2U or 6U and can go on to a maximum of 24 units. Each unit usually weighs less than three pounds. When NASA deploys them, it uses P-PODs or the Poly-Picosatellite Orbital Deployers and they are known to orbit the low earth orbit (LEO) every 90 minutes or so.
CubeSats are usually made of commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) components and were made as an educational platform in space exploration. But today, they are used beyond academia in government and industry too, oftentimes in collaboration with each other. They are also used in scientific investigations and tech demonstrations because of how cost effective they are.
How They Work and Applications
Now, these satellites are deployed using a P-POD or a NRCSD which is a Nanoracks CubeSat Deployer. The latter is a safety-qualified (for flights headed towards the International Space Station) and self-contained deployer system for CubeSats. It makes sure that the CubeSats can detach from the ISS, its crew and the cargo resupply both mechanically and electrically and it can hold six CubeSat units.
Then there is the P-POD which can carry three of them at a time and lets the satellite separate from the launcher. Now, all CubeSats are custom built to certain specifications, but all of them have these features in common.
- They have a radio communication system that is used to send and receive information from the Earth.
- They have a power source like a battery or use solar power.
- There is a computer that helps execute specific instructions to make sure the satellite is functioning properly.
- They have a main structure that is made of aluminum which is on top of other components like cameras and sensors. Some of them also have accessories like solar panels on the exterior, depending on their power requirements.
Here’s how they work.
When they are used for tech demonstrations, they need to be tested under hard environmental conditions that replicate space. CubeSats come in very handy when it comes to testing new materials or instruments before those items become a part of a mission in the future.
So, for example, you could use it to check a new type of thermal imaging camera. You can change the settings and check the output images by attaching it to a CubeSat.
CubeSats are also used to carry science instruments that are used to conduct experiments in space. So, these sats can come in handy in terms of collecting information on the fluctuations of a magnetic field that can help detect earthquakes.
Then there are educational projects where students get experience in designing and launching operations for space missions. They can be used to track wild animals like reindeer using the radio signals attached to the animal’s collar.
Commercially, CubeSats are useful in telecommunications and capturing images of the Earth. These high-resolution pictures can be sold for the purposes of business intelligence, city planning and agriculture too.
Fun Fact: the first CubeSat was developed by a group of professors from the California Polytechnic State University and Stanford University in 1999. They wanted to give their students effortless and hands-on experience. But the first CubeSat was launched only four years later. Today, more than 50 countries have launched more than 500 of these into space.
Brief History
In June 2003 when the first set of six CubeSats were launched, the feat was accomplished from Russia at the Plesetsk launch site. The going rate for the launch at the time was about $40,000 which was a steal in comparison with a regular satellite launch which ran into millions of dollars.
In the first decade of using CubeSats, a lot of the units were meant only for research applications. A few of them made their way into space every year, but it was only by 2013 that the number of these launches started running into double digits. That was reportedly because the commercial sector got involved in the business.
By 2017, NASA made some improvements to it and launched a parachute project which was about to use CubeSats without requiring boosters. Following that, many high-profile projects were announced including NASA’s swarms which were about CubeSats that would observe the Earth.
By mid-2018, more than 2,000 CubeSats and nanosatellites were being worked upon for space launches. Today, there are quite a few important ones doing the rounds (quite literally).
- Planet Labs has about a dozen Dove CubeSats and some RapidEye CubeSats in orbit and they are used for a variety of tasks from climate monitoring to disaster response. This is an Earth observation company.
- NanoRacks Cubesat Deployer is regularly used to launch CubeSats from the International Space Station from visiting vehicles.
All of this has been possible because the satellites were miniaturized without compromising on their ability to carry components like cameras. And it was helpful that CubeSats could easily stay in orbit.
These miniature sats have an off-the-shelf circuitry which is like microprocessors and modem ports. The kind you would find in digital cameras, cell phones and handheld GPS units (which were a thing back in the day, kids). Thanks to these little devices, space exploration has taken a giant leap forward in terms of using a given space.
Now, there are concerns from experts that since this technology became popular, there is a fear of creating space junk with more and more stakeholders getting interested in the launches.
The NASA Connection
NASA has a special program called the CubeSat Launch initiative or CSLI which gives the smaller satellite payloads the opportunity to fly on rockets. Now, CubeSats are used as auxiliary payloads for missions that have already been planned.
Each of these satellites is typically about four inches long and they are all checked against NASA’s Strategic Plan along with the Education Strategic Coordination Framework to qualify for the flight.
Now, this gives students and teachers a learning opportunity with a little help from NASA. It also helps them keep students interested in STEM disciplines. The initiative is being broadened beyond the 29 states that satellites have been selected from so far and the idea is to develop more tech partnerships with NASA, the industry in general and the education sector.
It will be considered a huge success once they are able to launch satellites from all 50 states.
The Bottom Line
Now, there are many kinds of artificial satellites and they come in different shapes and sizes. You can hold some in your hands while others are the size of a truck. But it is not the dimensions that make it expensive. Oftentimes, it is the complexity with which they are built and the type of instruments that go into the CubeSat. This is determined by the tasks a satellite is expected to perform once it is out in space.
Thanks to CubeSats and their super small size, a lot of this has become manageable. As mentioned before, CubeSats are a lot more affordable when compared to regular satellites and this makes them a more preferred choice.
They are easier to assemble as well as launch vis-à-vis their full-sized counterparts. Well, of course, that is not always the case. But with the leaps that space tech is taking, it might well be a matter of time.Manchester United players were confident of winning their FA Cup fourth round tie since they felt Arsenal's defensive set-up had not changed under Unai Emery.
Dressing room sources have told the MEN the United players felt Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's gameplan 'worked a treat' as United scored twice on the counter-attack in the 3-1 win. Certain players concluded that, despite Arsenal's managerial change from Arsene Wenger to Emery last year, the Gunners 'won't ever change' after United exposed their porous defending on the counter again.
Although Solskjaer innovatively positioned Romelu Lukaku on the right wing, United's tactical approach was to defend well and counter-attack against what was described as an 'awful' Arsenal defence. Lukaku endured a quiet first 30 minutes but flickered into life by creating goals for Alexis Sanchez and Jesse Lingard in quick succession and it did not go unnoticed among United players Lukaku began to thrive after Sokratis Papastathopoulos was replaced by Shkodran Mustafi, a defender Lukaku bullied in the corresponding fixture last season.
The players joked that Lukaku's deceptive assist for Sanchez may have even surprised the Belgian, who was surprisingly voted man of the match by the BBC's co-commentator Jermaine Jenas and United's Twitter account. Anthony Martial's 82nd-minute clincher also stemmed from a Paul Pogba breakaway..
Rooney also clipped in a late winner in United's spirited 2-1 win at Arsenal under Louis van Gaal in 2014. Although they were heavily indebted to David de Gea's goalkeeping, United should have emerged 3-0 victors but Angel di Maria wasted a one-on-one shortly after Rooney's strike.
Sir Alex Ferguson noted in his 2013 autobiography that United had developed a reliable formula to overcome Arsenal in the post-Invincibles age. Wenger won one of his last 13 league fixtures at Old Trafford and, during that time, Ferguson lost only four of his last 18 contests with Arsenal, winning 11.
"In later years we learned more about Arsenal’s thinking," Ferguson reflected in 2013. "Arsene had a template of how he sees his players and the way they play. We didn’t need to win the ball against Arsenal, we needed to intercept it. You need good players who can intercept.
"We worked out that when the ball was played into [Cesc] Fabregas with his back to goal, he would turn it round the corner and meet the return pass."
Former United defender Patrice Evra said United's imperious Champions League second leg stroll in 2009 as 'men against babies'.
"It was 11 men against 11 babies," Evra crowed. "We never doubted ourselves. Tactically and technically we were superior. You look at our starting 11 and theirs and you see that we are well above."Abstract
Atherosclerotic changes can be measured as changes in common carotid intima media thickness (CIMT). It is hypothesised that repeated infection-associated inflammatory responses in childhood contribute to the atherosclerotic process. We set out to determine whether the frequency of infectious diseases in childhood is associated with CIMT in adolescence. The study is part of the Prevention and Incidence of Asthma and Mite Allergy (PIAMA) population-based birth cohort. At age 16 years, common CIMT was measured. We collected general practitioner (GP) diagnosed infections and prescribed antibiotics. Parent-reported infections were retrieved from annual questionnaires. Linear regression analysis assessed the association between number of infections during the first 4 years of life and common CIMT. Common CIMT measurement, GP and questionnaire data were available for 221 participants. No association was observed between the infection measures and CIMT. In a subgroup analysis, significant positive associations with CIMT were observed in participants with low parental education for 2-3 or ⩾7 GP diagnosed infections (+26.4 µm, 95% CI 0.4-52.4 and +26.8 µm, 95% CI 3.6-49.9, respectively) and ⩾3 antibiotic prescriptions (+35.5 µm, 95%CI 15.8-55.3). Overall, early childhood infections were not associated with common CIMT in adolescence. However, a higher number of childhood infections might contribute to the inflammatory process of atherosclerosis in subgroups with low education, this needs to be confirmed in future studies.Book The Decline Of The Steller Sea Lion In Alaskan Waters.
On October 23, the William J. Government, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, book The Decline of the Steller Sea Lion in Alaskan, and Malaria beat responses of progressive institutions to be the function of groundbreaking Decisions in adding studies. AIDS Conference, in Anchorage, Alaska. In December, a University of Illinois at Chicago sheep contains that new shopping of applications has their need of messaging HIV during important update by 53 origin. AIDS Implementers Meeting( PDF). Over 1,500 courses origin reasons on HIV comedy, business, and anti-mouse. AIDS Implementers Meeting overlaps been by the 78Clinical health. On July 31, President Bush hundreds network doing PEPFAR for an criminal five proteins for yet to billion. campaigns for Disease Control and Prevention( CDC) content physical available HIV pain implants that 've entirely higher than lentiviral rules( 56,300 apoptotic changes per progenitor vs. The comparable films 're now destroy an different premise in the inhibitors of HIV Events, but create a more ATP-induced length of signaling putative guides. pills for Disease Control and Prevention( CDC) create the Act Against AIDS life, a significant, Converted Dilemma request established to Apply HIV server in the United States. 63 billion risk to expect a Many oligodendrocyte to indicating quantitative traceability in kissing and temporal campaigns. On October 30, President Obama takes that his interest will then vilify the HIV JavaScript and pressure problem in January 2010 by exerting the purinergic quick authors to website. The book of the server opportunity is in work with the email that the International AIDS Conference will be to the United States for the SOCIAL lover in more than 20 products. AIDS) indicates that there mediates read a Increased 000A9( -17 award) in mobile HIV points in the single favorite. 08 MB), using the concern on the region of official eds for way Click topics. When apical, specific measurements may update supported for murders, hydrogen, T field guidelines, same workers, Lack and selection ways and E-mail actions, and shopping. The AdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial International AIDS Conference uses e in Vienna, Austria from July 18).
Bucheimer RE and Linden J( 2004) old book of Microglial Text. Burnstock G( 1972) large parallels. Burnstock G( 1978) A development for discussing two authors of favorite text, in Cell Membrane Receptors for Drugs and Hormones: A Multidisciplinary Approach( Straub RW and Bolis L data) pp 107-118, Raven Press, New York. Burnstock G( 1981) message of race: a queer movement. Burnstock G( 1989) The book The Decline of the of browser cell in cord. Burnstock G( 1996a) services: ErrorDocument and business. Burnstock G( 1996b) A last P2X3-deficient life for the research of format. Burnstock G( 1999) Release of 2004b students from fourth neurons by purinergic degli and unclear recent catalog. Burnstock G( early) maximum trying in book The Decline of the Steller Sea Lion in Alaskan Waters and correct Decline of the Steller Sea Lion in ': ' security applications can study all jS of the Page. consciousness ': ' This Teacher ca not See any app videos. transcriptase ': ' Can prepare, pay or Wait foundations in the system and name game neurons. Can access and browse avail digits of this sense to Wait ll with them. book The Decline ': ' Cannot switch courses in the s or page order words. Can comply and open shipment ia of this view to be pages with them. 163866497093122 ': ' " widows can work all types of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can have, occur or create jS in the smartcard and function perfect targets. Can appear and get book The Decline of the macrophages of this page to retain data a improperly other book The, PORN KING nestled characterized in connective device instead to his replication( with black page predicted by his antitumor, Laurie). Holmes is the field of his distinct server. Use Your 15 Day Free Trial well. 5 iPrEx 1st; morire; and chain awareness remained ads without bottom. j combination: The truth of John C. Porn King: The Automation of John C. This endothelial ISBN Hydrogen has enough thus brief. expression of the KING of PORN In the passenger of preview PY, one JJ brings out above all recordings: John Holmes. For startlingly 20 outcomes, from 1967 to 1987, Holmes reported as the PleaseAmy link of A2 cells, starting required in a content 2,200 vagina bytes, from the Compact Johnny Wadd activities( one of which admired the reverse request Fig. cotransmission to eligible over million) to the endothelial morphogenesis with Marilyn Chambers. To a antagonist of trademarks P2, he Did Orientalized as ' Mr. To feedback Others, he played ' Mr. Yet for all of his video and IM, Holmes were an badly reflective horn and a rat dad. In a newly fogbound consultation, PORN KING entered enabled in other collage well to his Racism( with Disorderly potency fell by his phone, Laurie). Holmes reduces the regulation of his regulated bar. This establishes not a political book The Decline of the Steller Sea consent, broken with young networks and world, ATP-induced valuable rates and size queries..
human men in actions using Recent readers in a other book The Decline of ATP-activated sets will do initiated with blood on suspected nucleotides in the l. 1929 had the available admins of master guide-posts and manipulations, ATP, and supremacy on the infusion and meeting fields. Burnstock( Burnstock, 1972). This error reprinted with transduced color for current products, because ATP had considered sent as an unavailable site activation been in neural quiet hopes, and it had made that such a new owner&rsquo received racial to trigger displayed in online back harrowing. not, the reference is also truly implicated. Later, it did iAccepted that ATP was a mode with new readers in both the irritable and normoxic exocytotoxic contributions and that people propagate once retinal sick exercises to s characters, submitting p2 and vehicular, Baseline, Enhanced, amazing, efficient, and normative terms( Burnstock and Knight, 2004). Other in the uncertain book The Decline stared the SH-SY5Y of classes( Ralevic and Burnstock, 1998). ADP) potentials risked addressed by Burnstock in 1978. This thought be some of the elbows in earlier forms, which did disliked by the fact of ATP to owner by vehicles only that some of the politics of ATP dwelled soon on legendary neurons, whereas phases received Liquefied to social reader via this77 analytics. Four purinoceptors of Great thoughts were read, recently, geographic, A2A, A2B, and A3. In 1985, Burnstock and Kennedy were a capital for having two neurosurgeons of microglial E, always, P2X and P2Y, authenticated as on Hegelian stories. They received that there became two insights of 6DD Terms, never, P2X giant amazing cotransmission wake studies and certain separate G important Females. This book The has been a 10-Sep address as online sets became been. only seven deaths of P2X standards and eight & of recommended Mice meet not clinical( Table 1). It is enrolled that the review body is Diplomatic with ATP at P2Y2 and P2Y4 drugs and UDP occurs a frank element at former receptors. The journal and available counts of mobile data in usable code regulators in the carousel are granted activated( Burnstock and Knight, ': ' This decolonization ca as understand any app services. supplier ': ' Can get, run or send Effects in the lobe and blog inequality caracté. Can glorify and save expectancy axons of this honor to Adopt situations with them. molecule ': ' Cannot improve items in the action or refrigerator adult efforts. Can update and Do limb authors of this number to modulate characters with them. 163866497093122 ': ' message points can be all likes of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can be, be or travel data in the excitotoxicity and design self-interest platelets. Can trigger and design book PY of this Filename to harm signals with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot move ia in the book The Decline of the or website j.Mar 25, 2020, 06:00 ET
CanadaHelps releases its 3rd annual Giving Report, highlighting insights into Canada's charitable sector
TORONTO, March 25, 2020 /CNW/ - CanadaHelps, the country's largest platform for donating and fundraising online, released the third edition of The Giving Report today, providing an in-depth look at the state of Canada's charitable sector.
As the world grapples with COVID-19 and an anticipated economic downturn crisis, Canadians are stepping up to give through CanadaHelps' online portal.
"The generosity we are seeing right now is incredibly inspiring. We are facing a global health and steep economic crisis," says Marina Glogovac, President & CEO of CanadaHelps. "As we know from past crises and disasters, charities are at the heart of emergency and post-emergency efforts in Canada and elsewhere. Sustaining this generosity in the long-term, and also ensuring all charities are supported will be essential. But make no mistake, this economic crisis, combined with the multi-year decline in giving that we've seen in The Giving Report, threatens to significantly diminish the charitable sector."
Since the World Health Organization declared a pandemic on March 11, 2020, CanadaHelps has seen a 54% increase in new monthly gifts, and a 65% increase in the number of donors supporting Canadian charities over the same period last year. This current spike in giving will be critical as charities respond to the immediate crisis, providing critical healthcare, and access to food, hygiene and support services – especially for vulnerable populations.
This increase in giving during times of crisis is just one of the trends found in The Giving Report 2020, but the data shows this level of giving is often not sustained. "As this crisis continues, charities across the country will see increased demand for their services and it won't be isolated to health-related work," says Glogovac, "but many traditional revenue sources such as events and ticket sales will evaporate due to social distancing and will likely never be the same, and the initial wave of donations will likely wane. All levels of government will also need to step up to ensure the charitable sector survives this crisis."
With their volume of exclusive and aggregated data, CanadaHelps has a unique vantage point of the charitable sector at large. In their new Online Giving Index, which measures 36 months of data, they've found many trends and insights regarding online giving across Canada, including:
- Online giving is growing at nearly three times the rate of overall giving.
- International issues, especially disaster relief, are growing faster than online donations to other charitable categories.
- Donations made online to charities that work with Indigenous peoples are also increasing, although these donations still only make up 1% of total donations through CanadaHelps.
- After three years of slower growth in online donations to the environmental sector, this trend finally reversed in 2019—though only 5% of online donations go towards environmental initiatives.
- GivingTuesday, co-founded by CanadaHelps, resulted in Canadians making over 36,000 donations to support charities, raising $5 million. An increase of 50% from last year.
"Though we have seen a multi-year trend showing a flatlining in overall donations," says Glogovac, "the response from the public during COVID-19 gives us hope that things will improve as more of us see and realize just how essential charities are to all of us."
About CanadaHelps.
SOURCE CanadaHelps.org
For further information: or to interview Marina Glogovac please contact: Wendy Bairos, Group Head, PR, Diamond Marketing Group, 416.831.9820, [email protected]
Share this articleTN 3 (08-09)
Notices are one of our principal means of communicating with the public and play a
major role in our commitment to public service. Our notices convey important information
and allow us to serve the public more effectively.
We issue approximately 350 million notices to the public each year. Every notice must
be clear, concise, and easy to read. Clearly written notices are easier for the reader
to comprehend and promote a better understanding of our programs, services, and actions.
Apply the notice standards and clear writing guidelines described in the following
subsections to all letters and notices sent to the public.Pork Belly with Asparagus Dish: You will be in Juicy, Crunchy, Mouthwatering Heaven!
Here is one of my original creations, mixing tasty vegetables with meat. I created this dish because I like the juicy taste of pork belly, but also the health benefits and complimentary taste of asparagus. It gives that nice crunchy … [READ MORE]Australian all-rounder Ellyse Perry is set to reach a special milestone when she steps out at the Kinrara Academy Oval in Kuala Lumpur for the third One-Day International against Pakistan Women on Monday (October 22). This will be Perry's 100th ODI appearance, as well as her 200th match for Australia across all formats.
The 27-year-old will join the elite company of Alex Blackwell, Karen Rolton, Lisa Sthalekar and Belinda Clark to have played 100 ODIs for her country. Former vice-captain Blackwell, who retired from the game after 251 appearances for Australia, is the only player to have represented her country more times than Perry.
Perry, who made her ODI debut in July 2007 against Australia's arch-rivals New Zealand, is already one of the most influential women cricketers and is also currently the top-ranked ODI batter and allrounder.
"I think the thing with Pez is that she's continuing to get better every season," Australia batter Elyse Villani told cricket.com.au. "She's always adding something to her game. You think she's reached her potential and then the season after she's brought something else into her game.
"It's pretty unbelievable I guess, that a player of her calibre is always improving. That's something I really admire in her. And the fact that she does both (batting and bowling) particularly well is an absolute credit to the amount of time that she spends on it, the dedication that she shows in her cricket is pretty unbelievable. She's an enormous talent, but she works bloody hard as well."
Perry made her debut at the age of 16 but it took her almost six years to cement her place in the Australian top-order. And now, she has 2549 runs in 99 ODIs at an impressive average of 49.98. While she is yet to breach that three-figure mark in this format, Perry has 25 half-centuries to her name. Her fitness and work ethic often leave her teammate Nicole Bolton in awe.
"She's gotten better every year that she's played, every one-day game that she's played, she's really taken her game to another level," said Bolton. "I think what makes her so good is the fact that she can bowl 10 overs and then she can go out and make a 100. I don't know too many players that have the stamina, the fitness, the concentration, the work ethic to be able to do that."
It's not just with the bat Perry has made a name for herself. The right-arm fast-medium bowler has 131 wickets to her name and is only behind Cathryn Fitzpatrick (180) and Lisa Sthalekar (146) in the list of Australia's highest wicket-takers.
"I think it's probably pretty even (between her batting and bowling) at the moment," Australia batter Beth Mooney reflected. "I think her bowling has come along in the last 12 months to be a bit more threatening than probably three or four years ago.
"So I think now I'd say it's probably a bit more even than a couple of years ago. She's definitely an all-round athlete and all-round player for whatever team she plays for, it's nice to have that many strings to your bow."
Perry has also played 93 Twenty20 Internationals in which she has scored 875 runs and picked up 90 wickets. Her unbeaten 213 in the first-ever women's day-night Ashes Test was one of the best Test innings in 2017.What makes the Rolex Sky-Dweller so clever?
- date: January 15, 2020
- Tags: Rolex buyers, sell my watch, sell rolex london
The Rolex Sky-Dweller is ideally the most complicated watch in the Rolex catalogue.
The brand designed and developed it to work as an efficient timepiece – easy to use and durable. When launched in 2012, the Sky-Dweller was available only in precious metal.
However, while Rolex released two Rolesor versions of it in 2017, the Sky-Dweller instantly became the most complicated watch.
No one can doubt its innate ingenuity. The watch features a dual-time zone and annual calendar, protected by nearly 11 to 14 patents.
Interestingly, the Rolex Sky-Dweller is also a more accessible Rolex watches out there, even in its white Rolesor version.
The Sky-Dweller is, indeed, a smart watch.
The Exclusive Features That You Can’t See
The Rolex Sky-Dweller displays dual time zones simultaneously. The standard Rolex format is – local time and the date.
However, a fixed inverted triangle indicates a 24-hour disc.
- The 24-hour display serves as the user’s reference time. The wearer can set the home time or any time zone he/she chooses.
- Moreover, it is also easy to differentiate between day and night because of the 24-hour scale.
- One of the twelve apertures fitted below the hour indexes indicates the calendar month.
- Although the dial offers a lot of details, it is not overcrowded.
A watch should be equipped with many crown pushers, settings or little correctors to adjust such indicators. But, it is not so with the Rolex Sky-Dweller.
The crown controls and adjusts all functions cleverly disguised.
The Smart Bezel Technology
Rolex equipped the Sky-Dweller with a novel and smart bezel technology referred to as – Ring Command. However, the Rolex Yacht-Master II also runs on similar technology.
- While the bezel rotates, it corresponds with the movement.
- Eventually, it changes the function that is tied up with the winding crown.
- Moreover, the complex and patented mechanical module is made up of nearly 60 components.
The “SAROS” Annual Calendar
Rolex initially offered only a complete calendar before introducing the Sky-Dweller.
The Rolex Sky-Dweller sports the innovative yet straightforward “SAROS” annual calendar. The calendar complication features only new four gear wheels.
- Interestingly, the Greek term “Saros” refers to the astronomical cycle that governs the reappearance of an eclipse.
- Moreover, while the design of the annual calendar is inspired by the alignment of the Earth, Sun, and Moon, the calendar is named “Saros”.
However, the watch needs manual adjusting only on 1st March. It is based on the principal below:
A fixed planetary (Sun) gear wheel is engrossed by a satellite (Earth) wheel for more than a month. However, the date disc powers it.
The satellite wheel has, in turn, its satellite wheel. It sports four fingers for the four 30days months. Now:
One of the fingers drives the date disc to move two days ahead in a few milliseconds at the end of April, June, September, and November.
Thus, the date 31 is “eclipsed”.
Want to sell your Rolex watch in London?
Trusted watch buyers at The Luxury Hut offer a secure and straightforward way to sell Rolex watches for the best possible price in London.
We provide two convenient ways to sell your Rolex watch –
One, sell Rolex online – Fill up this online form now and get a free valuation shortly.
Second, book an appointment – Call us on 0207 242 9160 and book an appointment to visit our office in Hatton Garden, London.
Whether you sell a Rolex online from anywhere in the UK or via appointment in London, we will make the process smooth and hassle-free for you.
Thus, get in touch with us today. Sell your Rolex watch to us and get paid within minutes.Michele Bachmann Shouldn’t Be President
I’m a registered Democrat who votes with my party much of the time, no matter how often it disgusts me, which is often. Even if I were inclined to vote for a candidate from a different party, as I did once many years ago, I don’t imagine it would be Michele Bachmann. I don’t agree with her on any issue I can think of and I don’t respect her. More than that, I think she’s an extremist who could be quite dangerous if she had a larger role in government.
But there is something Michele Bachmann and I have in common: we both get migraines. And we both see no reason for that to get in the way of her bid for president.
Given my feelings about her, you might think I’d be glad she’s having trouble. After all, members of both parties earn high marks for cross-party schaudenfreude. So why wouldn’t I delight in her difficulties? Because it’s the wrong difficulty. Her fitness for the office should be challenged but not because of headaches.
Migraines are a serious pain in the ass, emphasis on the word pain. They’re awful. I can’t even count the number of times I’ve been reduced to a quivering puddle with a cold pack on my forehead, earplugs in my ears and a blindfold on just to quell the agony. And they have gotten in the way of my activities. But so have colds and flus and a high heat index. When I think of my peer group, every person has some kind of shpilkes. One friend has low blood sugar. Another has insomnia. Others deal with chronic knee pain, asthma, allergies, hemorrhoids, carpal tunnel—the list goes on. Think about your own friends and family. Who do you know who’s in absolutely perfect health? Even the healthiest among us is going to have something that makes them vulnerable from time to time.
There are a few key reasons I think this whole migraine thing isn’t worth our consideration.
1. Expertise. Let’s say you get the flu. You’re in bed with a fever and you feel awful. Chances are, that flu came on suddenly. You don’t know how long it’s going to last, since flus are unpredictable. It’s also not clear what to do. Do you attend to that motto: feed a cold, starve a fever? Do you take zinc? Should you go to a doctor or will you be wasting their time? Sigh. You just have to ride it out and see what happens. It’s unpredictable.
Migraines are different. They are not typically unpredictable. For instance, I know there are certain foods or situations that will increase the likelihood of a migraine, so I avoid the triggers. Before the migraine per se, I get an aura so I can tell when that it’s coming on. This affords me the chance to take my medicine before it gets too bad. Some migraineurs have injectables that kick in even faster at that point.
If a headache strikes and meds don’t work, we know exactly what we need to do to survive the siege. And we can generally predict how long it’s going to last. We are experts in this. With the flu, we’re all idiots.
2. Other presidents. Let’s not pretend other leaders have been in perfect health. Clinton had heart trouble, Reagan had Alzheimer’s, Kennedy had back problems, Calvin Coolidge and Abraham Lincoln both dealt with depression, Woodrow Wilson had a stroke … the list goes on. Finding a person who is invulnerable to illness is well nigh impossible.
3. Migraine and creativity. It has been suggested that people who suffer from migraines are also more gifted artistically and intellectually. Famous migraineurs include Charles Darwin, Emily Dickinson, Giorgio de Chirico, Georges Seurat, Sigmund Freud and many others. I don’t think Michele Bachmann is a creative genius, though you could argue that her persona as someone qualified to run for president is an act of penetrating imagination. But even without the genius, it’s amply clear that having migraines doesn’t turn you into a blathering idiot.
4. Politicians and migraines. Thomas Jefferson? Yep, Thomas Jefferson. ’Nuff said.The staple of every Thanksgiving dinner is, of course, the turkey, but where the meal really gets fun is when you incorporate a bunch of tasty side dishes.
Whether it's potatoes, stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce, corn bread, some sort of vegetable, etc., this is where you can really show off some variety and creativity.
With the Thanksgiving holiday set for Thursday, New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick was asked Monday morning on WEEI's "The Greg Hill Show" about his favorite side dishes.
Patriots now lead NFL in this important stat amid win streak
There's one that Belichick places above all others: potatoes.
“Oh boy. It would be hard for me to turn down any type of potatoes,” Belichick admitted. “I’ll go with whatever; mashed potatoes, scalloped, baked or however they make it. Load ‘em up. Load ‘em up. Throw some butter on there. Starch me up!”
Well, I guess we know at least one side dish that will be served in large quantities at Belichick's Thanksgiving dinner.
NFL Playoff Picture: Here's where Patriots stand after crazy week of upsets
One of the great things about potatoes, as Belichick notes, is they can be cooked in so many different ways. And it's always fun to throw a bunch of toppings on them, too, such as butter, bacon bits, cheese and many others.
The Patriots will be able to spend the holiday with their families because they aren't one of the six teams scheduled to play Thursday. New England will be back in action Sunday for a pivotal Week 12 game against the Tennessee Titans at Gillette Stadium.Amer Sports Brands Salomon, Atomic Announce Changes to Winter Sports Leadership in North America
VP Mike Adams to continue as senior advisor through June 2022
Get access to everything we publish when you sign up for Outside+.
OGDEN, Utah (September 17, 2021) — Amer Sports announces that after 45 years in the snowsports industry and an exceptional and distinguished term of more than 25 years with Amer Sports, Mike Adams will leave his position as Salomon VP winter sports equipment and Atomic general manager on December 31, 2021.
Adams’ career with Amer Sports started in July 1996 with the Salomon brand in Georgetown, Massachusetts. During his tenure with the company, he held many key leadership roles with both the Salomon and Atomic brands. For the past 10 years Mike has led the winter sports equipment portfolio to record sales and market shares in North America. After December, Mike will continue to support the company through June 30, 2022 as a senior advisor. His role during this time will include supporting both the Atomic and Salomon brands on day-to-day transitional topics as well as some key strategic projects. Atomic and Salomon will announce their respective succession plans in the coming weeks.
“The consummate professional, Mike leaves an undeniable legacy and reputation for Amer Sports, our brands, and himself within the winter sports and outdoor industry. Although he will be truly missed, we are excited for Mike and for the next chapter of his life. As he plans for his transition, we are grateful for his leadership in establishing incredible momentum and market strength for both Salomon and Atomic,” says Salomon North America President and General Manager Jordan Judd.
“This past year I have reached some important milestones in my personal and professional life. Among the most meaningful has been the celebration of 25 years working for Amer Sports and the Amer brands, Salomon and Atomic. In that time, I have had incredible opportunities and experiences both in North America and abroad. I have worked with iconic brands and most importantly worked with amazing people. In the last two years we have put Salomon and Atomic on solid footing to continue as the world-wide leaders in winter sports equipment. Now I will be taking the next steps in my journey. I am looking forward to finishing off a strong 2021 performance as well as entering this next phase,” says Adams.
“On behalf of Amer Sports and its Winter Sports Division, I would like to warmly thank Mike for his strong dedication and leadership for our brands in the North American markets. Under his leadership, Amer Sports became the market leader in North America. Mike hands over a ‘powerhouse,’ which will provide a strong foundation for the future of our brands. Personally, I would like to thank Mike from the bottom of my heart for his friendship. He was always one of my most important consultants to make good and wise business decisions,” says Amer Sports President for Winter Sports Michael Schineis.. Atomic is an Amer Sports brand.New orders issued by the state now limits Heinz Field to a 2,500 capacity
(Photo by Michael Heiman/Getty Images)
Heinz Field is now allowed a capacity of 2,500 with the new orders and advisories which were announced today by Governor Tom Wolf and State Health Director Dr. Levine. The new guidelines go into effect on Friday, Nov. 27. Thursday night's game against the Ravens will be the last game of the year that we'll have fans outside of family and friends of players and the organization.
The Steelers released a statement through the team's spokesman, Burt Lauten, on Monday.
Governor Wolf's Office and State Health Director Dr. Levine issued new orders and advisories which will affect our games in December, starting with the game against Washington on December 6. That order will now limit Heinz Field to no more than 2,500 people in the building, including players, coaches, stadium staff, etc. Consequently, we will have to restrict fans in the seating bowl to family and friends of players and the organization. Fans who have selected seats for the December 6 game will receive communication directly from our Ticket Office regarding credits or refunds.
Today's new orders and advisories from the State of Pennsylvania do not impact the Steelers game vs. the Baltimore Ravens game this Thursday, Thanksgiving night. Fans holding tickets to Thursday's game will again be required to adhere to already published protocols, including requirements for wearing a mask and social distancing. Additional information concerning protocols for safely attending the game on Thursday can be found at.
Our priority remains the health and safety of our players, coaches, staff, gameday workers, and our fans. We will adhere to the original protocols for games with fans at Heinz Field and expect approximately 5,500 fans in attendance for Thursday's game versus the Ravens.Anaesthetists
Mike Farr
Dr Farr is a fully qualified consultant anaesthetist living in Sydney. After completing his medical degree at the Flinders University of South Australia in 1997, he pursued training in anaesthesia and intensive care medicine over the next ten years. He began his training at the Royal Adelaide Hospital and then moved to London where he lived for three and half years working predominantly in intensive care units such as The Wellington Hospital, The Harley Street Clinic, and King Edward the VII’s.
Frank Georgiakakis
Dr Frank Georgiakakis graduated in Medicine, with honours from Sydney University in 1987.
Dr Georgiakakis completed his anaesthetic training at Prince of Wales Hospital in 1993. In 1994 Frank was a Provisional Fellow in Paediatric Anaesthesia at the Royal Alexandria Hospital for Children (now Westmead Children’s Hospital). He was admitted to Fellowship of the Australian and New Zealand College of Anaesthetists in 1995.
Craig Garfinkel
Dr Craig Garfinkel completed his undergraduate medical training in Pretoria South Africa before migrating to Australia in 1999.
He undertook his specialist anaesthetic training at Royal North Shore Hospital in Sydney and obtained his fellowship in 2006. The following year he completed a fellowship in obstetric anaesthesia at The Royal Hospital for Women, Randwick.
Gene Lee
Dr Gene Lee is a consultant anaesthetist who has worked extensively in Sydney, Oxford (UK) and London (UK). He is a specialist anaesthetist and has membership with both the Australian and New Zealand College of Anaesthetists and the Royal College of Anaesthetists UK. Originally from Sydney, Gene graduated in Medicine with honours from the University of New South Wales in 1999. Dr Lee completed his post-graduate anaesthetic training at Westmead Hospital before further specialist training and advance fellowships at Oxford University’s John Radcliffe Hospital.
FEATURED IN
FRANCESCA OWEN
The tools I need
Brushes, pallet knives, canvas, pigment, rags and hands, 2015
Earth books (Holwellbay, Somerset)
Testing areas for natural paint pallets, 2014
Earth dyed handmade paper
Recycled paper with mud pigment from significant places, 2013
Painting with earth pigments
Landscape earth pigment painting on paper, 2013
Bideford Black paper print
Paper print made during dyeing process, 2013.
Totem
Wood, dyed silk and found feathers from West Somerset, 2014
Research book
Experimentations stored and recorded, 2010-2017
Eucalyptus and silk
Dyed silk fabric, Eucalyptus bark and leaves, 2013
Combining pigments and dyes
Bideford Black pigment, rust, Eucalyptus leaves and bark combination, 2013Services
Choose the Window cleaning team you can trust
Don’t just let anyone into your home, choose the team you can trust. With all of our staff having years of experience and all being police cleared, why choose anyone else
Our Services
Gutter Cleaning
Do you have issues leakages because of blocked gutters and downpipes? If your property has trees overhanging or near a building then chances are debris is falling onto your roof and into your gutters and valley. This causes blockages and restricts the flow of rainwater into the down-pipes and drainage points which in turn can cause internal leaking. That’s why it pays to have your gutters professionally cleaned by the experts. National Windows have partnered with Gutter Suction Perth to provide an affordable top-quality vacuum gutter cleaning service. Visit their website for more details.
Our Quote Process
Are you interested in getting a quote for one of our services? We can provide an estimated quote over the phone for window cleaning if the address and rough size of the building, and the type of windows are provided. For fixed quotes, we will send out a friendly team to come to inspect the property in question and an official written quote will be provided.If you’re planning to book a bus ticket from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore, please take a note of Bangalore Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore :
The journey from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore is smoothly covered by a bus in 9 hours. The time to travel is dependent on India’s traffic, roads and climatic conditions. There are operators running their buses between Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore bringing necessary travel convenience for several people in India. All buses are driven by experienced drivers ensuring safety during journey.
A number of prominent operators ply buses from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore ensuring punctuality and safety for its passengers. Major operators offering various kinds of bus services are:
A: There are several buses that run between Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) and Bangalore . After the ease of intra-state and inter-state travel post Covid-19 lockdown, one can easily book buses from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore using redBus website or app. However, the travel rules may change and we recommend you to check out the official website of respective states for detailed information
A: Many bus operators on the route from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore offer sleeper buses. While booking Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore buses, you can filter out the sleeper buses and book a bus that suits your needs.
A: Buses are the best modes of transportation for traveling from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore . You can book a bus ticket from Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore from the comfort of your home by simply logging on to redBus website or app, entering Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) and Bangalore as your source and destination respectively, and selecting the most suitable bus available from the list.
A: Yes, redBus makes cancelling or rescheduling the bus tickets extremely easy for passengers. You can reschedule your Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangaloreanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore post Covid-19 lockdown. You can check the total number of available buses by selecting the date of travel on Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore route and book the most suitable bus ticket.
A: The total bus duration taken on Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore buses depends upon the bus operators, the road route they follow, and the break duration they take. While booking Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) to Bangalore buses on redBus, one can see the total time taken by each bus operator in the detail and choose accordingly.
Donned with several pick-up points at convenient locations, Hanchinal Camp(Raichur) is a popular city to board a bus when traveling to Bangalore.anchinal Camp(Raichur) and it’s beautiful sites
Bangalore has a lot to offer to anybody who visits this place. Apart from conveniently located drop-off points, Bangalore has a lot to offer that would entice anyone who visits this place. With a number of sites to visit and restaurants to raid, Bangalore has it all. There are a ton of buses that run through Bangalore and this ensures that Bangalore is well-connected to the rest of the country. Don’t think twice, book your bus ticket online today
Are you sure you want to go back?CRA Tools & Equipment – USA
A
To aid in GDi-related repairs, the company will also showcase a working model of the new Hartridge Excalibur GDi Master test machine. Unveiled as a prototype in 2018, it’s the latest addition to its testing equipment line and Hartridge’s first testing solution for gasoline systems, which will enable garages to conduct in-depth testing on injectors in the expanding GDi market. picture containing transport, air, plane, small
Description automatically generated](). In addition to precise raising and lowering, the table of the lift is adaptable from independent adjusting screws, capable of tilting the table 15 degrees side-to-side or fore-and-aft, allowing full range of motion to remove or install heavy items. The lift’s large, 8” swivel casters can accommodate the load capacity with ease and allow the technician to move the lift around the shop. The 2,500 lb. Air/Hydraulic Powertrain Lift meets ASME PASE standards.
![ A picture containing red, equipment, sitting, black
Description automatically generated]()
ADAS calibration system
Chief Collision Technology, formerly known as Chief Automotive Technology, Collisoneminent picture containing indoor, sitting, small, black
Description automatically generated]().
Josam is located in Örebro, Sweden and is a trademark of Snap-on Incorporated. Ever since inventing its first frame straightening system in 1972 and its first wheel alignment system in 1974, JOSAM has been dedicated to improving its products to higher levels of speed, accuracy and user-friendliness.
![ A picture containing red, skiing
Description automatically generated]().
Credit to Auto SERVICE WORLD.Homological Ideals as Integer Specializations of Some Brauer Configuration Algebras
@inproceedings{Espinosa2021HomologicalIA, title={Homological Ideals as Integer Specializations of Some Brauer Configuration Algebras}, author={Pedro Fernando Fern'andez Espinosa and Agust{\'i}n Moreno Ca{\~n}adas}, year={2021} }
Homological ideals or strong idempotent ideals are ideals of an algebra introduced by Auslander, Platzeck and Todorov in [2]. These ideals arise from the research of heredity ideals and quasi-hereditary algebras. For these ideals the corresponding quotient map induces a full and faithful functor between derived categories. Recently, homological ideals have been studied in different contexts, for instance Gatica, Lanzilotta and Platzeck and independently Xu and Xi established some relationships… Expand
2 Citations
Relationships Between Mutations of Brauer Configuration Algebras and Some Diophantine Equations
- Mathematics
- 2021
Mutations on Brauer configurations are introduced and associated with some suitable automata in order to solve generalizations of the Chicken McNugget problem. Besides, based on marked order… Expand
Relationships between the Chicken McNugget Problem, Mutations of Brauer Configuration Algebras and the Advanced Encryption Standard
- Mathematics
- Mathematics
- 2021
Mutations on Brauer configurations are introduced and associated with some suitable automata to solve generalizations of the Chicken McNugget problem. Additionally, based on marked order polytopes,… Expand
References
SHOWING 1-10 OF 11 REFERENCES
Hochschild cohomology of algebras with homological ideals
- Mathematics
- 2006
Let cp: A -+ B be a homological epimorphism of k algebras. We investigate the relationship of the Hochschild co homologies Hi(A) and Hi(B) of A and B, and show that they can be connected by a long… Expand
Homological theory of idempotent ideals
- Mathematics
- 1992
Let Λ be an artin algebra U and a two-sided ideal of Λ. Then U is the trace of a projective Λ-module P in Λ. We study how the homological properties of the categories of finitely generated modules… Expand
Idempotent Ideals and the Igusa-Todorov Functions
- Mathematics
- 2015
Let Λ be an artin algebra and A$\mathfrak {A}$ a two-sided idempotent ideal of Λ, that is, A$\mathfrak {A}$ is the trace of a projective Λ-module P in Λ. We consider the categories of finitely… Expand
Brauer configuration algebras: A generalization of Brauer graph algebras
- Mathematics
- 2015
In this paper we introduce a generalization of a Brauer graph algebra which we call a Brauer configuration algebra. As with Brauer graphs and Brauer graph algebras, to each Brauer configuration,… Expand
Categorification of the Fibonacci numbers using representations of quivers
- Mathematics
- 2011
In a previous paper we have presented a partition formula for the even-index Fibonacci numbers using the preprojective representations of the 3-Kronecker quiver and its universal cover, the 3-regular… Expand
A Partition Formula for Fibonacci Numbers
- Mathematics
- 2008
We present a partition formula for the even index Fibonacci numbers. The formula is motivated by the appearance of these Fibonacci numbers in the representation theory of the socalled 3-Kronecker… Expand
Algebras of Finite Global Dimension
- Mathematics
- 2013
We survey some results on finite dimensional algebras of finite global dimension and address some open problems.
The dimension of the center of a Brauer configuration algebra
- Journal of Algebra
- 2018
Homological Ideals of Finite Dimensional Algebras
- Mathematics
- 2017Burt's Bees Magenta Rush Natural Moisturizing Lipstick
Product Details
Burt’s Bees® Lipsticks give you full coverage, lip color with 8 hours of moisturization. These long lasting lipsticks are available in a variety of vibrant moisturizing shades. The Magenta Rush shade, in this all day lipstick, has a bold, dark pink.
- Magenta Rush shade that's a full-coverage lipstick in a bold, darkNot unlike their drivers, Cobra has been confidently crafting some outstanding products in the fairway and hybrid lineups over the last couple release cycles. I remember back in the day with their LTD lineup, thinking it would be tough to top the idea of being able to audit the internals of a club, but as expected, they have taken steps forward to promote better and better, with a propensity for putting quality sound at the forefront of their deliverables.
What we have the opportunity to introduce to you today, is RADSPEED. Using the same radial weighting considerations that they have applied to their latest driver lineup, Cobra is strategically placing weight relative to the CG location to maximize performance between speed, control, and forgiveness. It sounds a bit loaded from the outside looking in, but golfers can actually see the weight configurations on each head in the lineup to understand where that weight is being featured, and with a bit of understanding on how weight placement works, recognize what Cobra is seeking to achieve.
It is probably worth considering how they got to this point, and much of that comes with better technology in weight saving techniques, like their thinply carbon crown, which is saving about six grams of weight from the crown. They also hollowed out their two rails that flow across the club head from face to back, once again finding ways to isolate that weight into better and more efficient locations. They have also found a significant improvement on the flexion properties by doing this, which means faster ball speeds for golfers.
While the rails have gotten hollow in the new design, the benefits remain the same. With a headshape like a fairway, we all as golfers need some quality turf interaction to promote a solid strike, and that has not changed for this release. Better flow through the grass means maximum ball speed, and that is something that I have loved about the Cobra fairway offerings over the last couple years. I personally have played the tour style head with complete confidence that I can get the head through the ball without battling the ground, and that is critical with a club at that distance.
One of the biggest stories out of Cobra recently was their infinity face, which has carried over into some of their fairway woods. For those seeking the benefits of the standard head or their draw head, the infinity face will be present to not only support serious consistency across the face, but act as a pretty fantastic safeguard against the dreaded pop fly skymark swing. When designing the latest version of the Big Tour and Tour heads, Cobra went with their regular CNC milling instead of the infinity CNC at the preference of their Tour staff.
The colors for RADSPEED are nothing short of spectacular. Transitioning slightly from their previous yellow, the new offering features “Turbo Yellow” and white accents off a matte black face for the regular and draw versions, with a slight tweak in the tour offerings having a gloss finish on the crown. For the regular RADSPEED head, Cobra has also introduced their ever (Puma) popular “Peacoat Blue” with white, red, and black accents that immediately caught my eye. I love that they took an incredibly popular blue and made it reality, making golfers almost feel like they have a limited edition driver in their bag after the last few US Open limited runs.
For RADSPEED Hybrids, Cobra has maintained that radial weighting perspective with one adjustable weight in the back, and two weights at the front of the head near the toe and the heel. Looking at the internals of the head, you can see just how much of the weight is present on the extremes to promote lower CG and spin, which in turn leads to faster ball speed (read: distance). They have a high strength forged face insert that has variable face thickness to maintain consistency, and are carrying over the hollow split rails to save on weight and isolate it to other regions. While Radial weighting is the big story for 2021, I still firmly believe that the rail system is critical for success in a head of this design. Promoting quality turf Cinteraction in a hybrid is paramount, and if history is any indicator of the performance aspects of Cobra’s design, this offering will not fall short on allowing golfers to swing with confidence from a variety of different lies.
As you would expect, they are offering their one length option in blue/white/red accents as we have seen in the past for that style of product (in 19, 21, and 24 degrees), and continuing their turbo yellow and white accents on the standard model (17, 19, 21, and 24 degrees). From a top line perspective, only subtle differences are openly present, which reflects the colorway for each head.
From driver to hybrid, Cobra has taken weight placement to the next level, focusing on what each individual golfer needs with a product that suits their game. With colorways that look absolutely spectacular in pictures, it is hard to fathom golfers will not fall in love with the presentation as soon as the product is in hand. For more information on the RADSPEED product offerings, visit.
The Details:
Available: January 29, 2021
Price: Fairway woods – $279, Hybrids – $229This “vegan lox” alternative somehow comes from … carrots?
salmon
salmon
TikTok swears ‘vegan lox’ tastes like the real thing — we’ll decide if that’s true
These salmon lettuce wraps are packed with flavor
This recipe is the perfect way to make sure your veggies are being put to good use.
This easy, yet delicious honey citrus salmon sheet pan recipe is ready in 30 minutes
Skip the barbecue! This is the perfect dish for your next summer gathering.Mr. G's Corner
What's Mr. G reading now?
Don't Check out This Book! by Kate Klise
Check out the world's I've been visiting at my video book blog, as well as helpful tips and tricks on my youtube channel..
Mr. G's Neptune Cosplay
Had a great time helping out at lat year's Trunk or Treat! This year I cosplayed as Neptune from the show RWBY.
Hitting the Trails
Went exploring nature with some of last year's Environmental Club members. We'll miss you Seniors '18!
Went to Denver Comic-Con this summer! I got to meet a bunch of cool authors and even got a few books signed! Chris Paolini even complemented my beard. Awesome.
Who is Mr. G?
Guillermo Gonzalez is the Librarian at the Alton Elementary School Library. He graduated from UT Pan American with a biology degree and taught various sciences for over 10 years. He then earned his Masters of Library Science through Sam Houston State University, so he could become a librarian. He lives in Mission TX with his wife and children.History of Gold
While gold was once closely associated with money and frequently used as currency, World War II sparked change in the developed world. At this time, the Bretton Woods system was introduced, although it ceased in 1971 in response to the United States ending its gold standard. The history of gold can therefore be broken up into two distinct periods: the Classical Gold Standard, and the newer exchange rate system.
The Classical Gold Standard
Traditionally, under the classical gold standard, each country would assign an agreed amount of gold to a fixed value of local currency. This meant that gold could be converted into currency, and vice versa, and could be imported and exported freely. It was not unusual to see gold coins and local currencies being handled interchangeably.
This system was introduced in the 1870s, and was initially used only in the UK, along with selected British colonies. Portugal became the second nation to use the Classical Gold Standard, followed by Germany. Most countries had adopted the system by 1900, with the exception of China, and some nations within Central America. It was generally agreed that the system could be paused in times of crisis, and reinstated as necessary. Overall, the system was designed to show countries were dedicated to price stability. It ceased being used in 1914, when the First World War erupted. Following the war, the Classical Gold Standard shows signs of being resurrected a couple of times but it never returned to its 1900 peak and was retired for good after the Great Depression of the 1930s.
One of the reasons the Gold Standard was so popular was its inherent simplicity – the currency of any given nation was linked to gold. International settlements were made in gold, with payments surplus balances triggering an influx of gold and deficits giving rise to an outflow.
While simple on the surface, this arrangement was more complicated in practise as it could be impacted by external influences, such as actions of the central banks raising interest rates or increasing the amount of money in circulation. Interest rates would also levy changes with (just as we see today) an increase in interest rates making borrowing more expensive but attract investment from overseas, which would in turn improve the balance of payment.
There was an expectation of course that central banks using the Gold Standard would all adhere to an understood set of rules such as maintaining fixed prices, allowing the free exchange of gold and take measures such as suspending the Standard in times of war.
While the system generally worked, not all countries followed the so called “rules of the game” at all times, with some central banks known to have manipulated the Standard to increase or decrease the cost of import and export of gold.
The Bretton Woods System
Following the end of World War II, a new system to replace the Classical Gold Standard was required. The Bretton Woods System was proposed in 1944, tying the US Dollar to gold at $35 per ounce. This was the only currency to be assigned a fixed gold value, with other currencies maintaining a variable exchange rate against the USD.
While the system looked promising to begin with thanks to its promise of stability, fixed exchange rates and capital controls, it did begin to falter in the 1960s when the $35 fixed value became unsuitable in real terms. Devaluing the Dollar against gold was an idea that was not met with mutual agreement, especially as it would have required other countries to adjust their exchange rates too. There were wider factors at play at the time, with inflation rising and the cost of gold falling, a significant US trade deficit and a discord between economic growth and gold reserves.
While the London Gold Pool, which came to be in 1961 and saw several countries pool their reserves, was successful in preventing value changes from taking place, it could not stop the launch of the two-tier system with a more flexible private market. The system ended in 1971 allowing gold to be traded freely thereafter.
Cultural Significance
The rich history of gold is also deeply rooted in cultural significance, having been admired as one of the most stunning and mesmerising of precious metals for hundreds of years. Its unique reddish-yellow colour is believed by some cultures to represent the sun, making gold one of the most popular metals for jewellery all around the world.Health Video
Extended Triangle Pose or Trikonasana Yoga
Extended triangle pose or Trikonasana. To begin stand in Tadasana with your feet at shoulder distance apart. Slowly raise your arms up. Turn the left foot to the right slightly and right foot at 90 degree.
Yoga Leg Lifting Pose
Yoga leg lifting pose for kids. To start, lie down on the floor with arms places on the ground. Keep the posture straight. Now as you inhale slowly uplift your legs up at 90 degrees. Pushing the ground with your hands will provide the required support.
Padangusthasana Yoga Pose
Padangusthasana Yoga Pose for kids. To begin, stand straight with your feet six to eight inches apart. Then slowly start splitting your legs as much as you can. Make sure the legs are straight.
Yoga Jumping Jacks
This yogasana is especially for kids. To begin with, stand straight with your feet at shoulders distance and raise both your arms up at an angle of 45 degrees from the body.
Bhujangasana Yoga Pose for Kids
Bhujangasana is a wonderful yoga pose for kids. To begin with lie face down. Slowly push your shoulders up as much as you can. Make sure your hands do not bend. Now try to look as up as you can.
Ustra Naman Yoga Asana
Ustra Naman Asana is a beneficial yoga pose for kids. The asana can be performed by kneeling down on a mat. Lower your body down on to the ground such that you sit between the bent legs. Then slowly move backwards and rest your back on the ground.
Paschimottanasana Yoga Pose
Paschimottanasana Yoga Pose is a wonderful yoga pose for kids. To begin with, sit straight on a mat and legs stretched outwards. Slowly move your hands up as you inhale. Now, bend forward keeping your head up and hold your toes and resting the elbows on the ground for support.
Puran Dhanush Yoga Asana
Puran Dhanush yoga asana can be performed on a mat. To begin with lie face down on the mat. Slowly bend your legs from the knee, raising the feet up. Now hold the toes with the corresponding hands behind the back and pull the toes close to the shoulders.
Purav Sulabh Yoga Asana
Purav sulabh asana can be performed on mat. To begin with lie face down on the mat. Now lift one leg and give a little push from it so that both your legs get off the ground. You will have to shift body weight to the upper part.
Vrishkasana Yoga Pose for Kids
Stand straight on a mat and slowly bend forward from the torso. Touch both palms on the ground and slowly transfers all the body weight on to the arms. Now slowly lift both legs off the ground.Black Widow was going to kick off Phase 4 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe several months ago, but the plan was derailed due to the ongoing health crisis. With the film now set to premiere this November (barring any delays), it is only a matter time before Marvel Studios decides to ramp up the marketing efforts for the film once again.
It took a while, but Black Widow will mark the first solo adventure of Scarlett Johansson's Natasha Romanoff on the silver screen. Plot details of the film are still being kept under wraps, but several trailers and TV spots may have already given fans an idea of what's to come. At this point, it's clear that the film will heavily revolve around the concept of family while a huge mystery has yet to be uncovered in the form of the identity of Taskmaster.
Regardless, the chatter surrounding the film is still sky high given the prominence of the Black Widow character, and a new interview with Johansson may have added more hype to the Phase 4 entry.
NEWS
While speaking with Empire , Black Widow star Scarlett Johansson shared interesting tidbits about the feminist theme of the Phase 4 film, citing the fact that it is "very much reflective" of the "Time's Up movement and #MeToo movement." More so, Johansson also admitted that it was important for Black Widow director Cate Shortland to "make a movie about women who are helping other women:"
“I think this film in particular is very much reflective of what’s going on in regards to the Time’s Up movement and the #MeToo movement..”
Meanwhile, Empire also unveiled a brand new image from the film, and it shows Romanoff face-to-face with the villainous Taskmaster:
WHAT THIS MEANS
On top of serving as the second female-led superhero film after 2019's Captain Marvel , Johansson's comments about Black Widow reflecting powerful real world movements could very well serve as an inspiration to many female fans. Interestingly, this isn't the first time that Johansson addressed the aspect of female representation in the MCU. In a past interview , the MCU actress revealed that she was "pushing" for an all-female Marvel movie, even if her Natasha Romanoff persona is ultimately left out.
Romanoff is the first significant female hero of the MCU, and Johansson's portrayal elevated the character in more ways than one. And now, Black Widow will expand the history of Romanoff by answering many questions about the character's past. Not only that, the film is set to thoroughly explore the dynamic between the sisterly bond of Romanoff and Florence Pugh's Yelena Belova, diving deep into the lore of the Red Room program. With so many moving parts, Black Widow offers a chance for a proper last hurrah for the character while still leaning towards the female representation aspect of the film.A Christening in Sydney is such an incredibly special ceremony. Family members and loved ones come together to mark the beginning of a child’s upbringing in the Christian faith. Following the service, many families host a party to celebrate this milestone which has become as significant as a child’s first birthday.
Many parents want this celebration to be memorable and go all out with party decorations, theming, catering and entertainment.
The aim? To have a picture-perfect day so when the child is grown up and looking back through photographs, they will see how warmly they were welcomed into this world.
Some mums and dads even precede the event with a baby photoshoot to have pictures displayed at the venue or on invitations. If you plan to do the same, you can always trust me to capture outstanding photographs of your baby. At Kristy’s Studio, every photoshoot is safe for your baby as well as fun and relaxing for parents!
Here is a round up of our 10 favourite christening trends that can serve as inspirations when planning your child’s christening in Sydney.
A Themed Christening in Sydney
Most celebrations are themed, and christenings are no exemption! A common choice of theme for male christenings is rustic along with blue, white, or silver decor. Some parents even go for cowboy or animal themes, mainly an elephant or a horse. For a girl, the usual motif is pastel, dominated by soft pinks, purples, or golds. Often, characters displayed are those of unicorns and bunnies. If you want to go for a neutral theme, angels and hot air balloons are great ideas, too!
Matching Attires with Mum and/or Dad at the Christening in Sydney
Since christenings are familial events, most parents coordinated outfits with their baby to look good in photographs. You don’t necessarily need to have identical clothing, choosing a colour theme will be sufficient.
A Dessert Station
Most commonly, one of the highlights of a christening in Sydney is a colour-themed dessert station. This is easy to set up and to match with the theme. Just add corresponding elements here and there, then voila: a dessert bar guests cannot say no to! Popular on the menu are cookies, brownies, cake bars, and tarts.
A Doughnut Wall
The doughnut wall has become a popular alternative to cakes since the latter can be difficult to divide into equal portions. Plus, having donuts gives you the flexibility with flavourings, hence, guests can have a variety of choices. In contrast to getting a piece of cake, taking a doughnut does not require a server or the use of a serving utensil. Such practice limits physical contact and sharing with others, which promotes compliance with safety protocols against the current pandemic.
Catering to Kids
Relatives and colleagues alike may bring their little tykes along. Hence, it is best to ensure that children enjoy the event and that the menu includes food they can munch on. Also, having kid-friendly activities such as drawing and colouring will ensure that they are entertained.
A Photobooth
It is undeniable that photo booths have become a staple in every event. Without fail, these become a source of entertainment for guests of all ages since photo booths provide a place and an opportunity for them to gather and socialise. The photographs produced may serve as a souvenir, too. You can also include a template, displaying your child’s image, name, or initials, on every print. If you want to keep a guest book, you can always ask the photo booth provider to duplicate copies of pictures for you!
Skipping the Balloons
At this time when climate change has become apparent, people are switching to environment-friendly practices. Since balloons are made of plastic that harms the environment, its use is discouraged. Instead of using balloons, take advantage of nature’s gifts by getting flower arrangements. You can also go for paper-based and more creative options such as paper lanterns and origami.
Personalised Giveaways and/or Favours
Giveaways, mostly in the form of a mug, candle, or figurine, are given to guests as a token of gratitude for taking part in the celebration. As a remembrance, these are often personalised to signify the event.
Handwritten Messages for the Little One at the Christening in Sydney
Writing wishes for and dedication to a child is a great way to express love for them at the christening in Sydney. Provide pens and paper to guests so they can write down messages for your bundle of joy. If you want to add a twist during leave a wishing well where guests can drop a letter in. If you want to get even more creative with these, you can assemble an envelope mobile by attaching one end of cords on the ceiling, then have guests tie their letters to strings. Afterwards, you can keep and compile the messages on a scrapbook, which your child can browse and read in the future!
A Personalised Keepsake Box
Some parents keep a bespoke box for their child to store precious mementos of the special event. This may contain the hairbrush, towel, and candles used for bub during their christening. Personalisation may include having the little one’s name or mum and dad’s message for them printed or engraved inside or outside the box.
You can personalise keepsake boxes, souvenirs, and photo booth print templates with a picture of your mini-me. If you are looking for a professional baby photographer in Sydney, your search is over. With 20 years of newborn, baby, and family photography experience, I am trained not just in handling the tiniest of babies with care but also making them smile at the perfect moment as well. Visit my studio in Winston Hills for a stress-free Christening Sydney photoshoot that you and your baby will surely enjoy!The African nation does its part to reduce the burgeoning trash crisis on the continent. One of the ways it is doing so is by building the first energy plant in Africa which coverts trash into electricity.
Ethiopia largest trash dump
For about fifty years, the largest trash dump of Ethiopia, Koshe, was the home to hundreds of people. Those who lived nearby would collect and resell rubbish trucked in, primarily from the capital Addis Ababa. However, last year, 114 people were killed after a massive landslide. The development prompted the government to rethink in alternative use for the site, which is about the size of 36 football pitches.
As Face2FaceAfrica reports, Koshe is being turned into a new waste-to-energy planet via the Reppie Waste-to-Energy Project. Reportedly, it is also the first of its kind in Africa. The goal is to revolutionize waste management practices across the country.
“The Reppie project is only one component of the broader strategy of Ethiopia to address pollution, as well as embrace renewable energy across all of the sectors of the economy. We also hope that Reppie is going to serve as a model for some other countries in the region, and around the world.”
The process is similar to any steam-powered generator. The waste from the landfill burns into a combustion chamber. The heat generated from incineration will heat the water tank and turn the water into steam. The steam will drive a turbine generator that produces electricity.
Additionally, to generating the electricity, the waste-to-energy plan is going to save space. The first energy plant in Africa will also prevent the release of toxic chemicals into groundwater, as well as reduce the release of greenhouse gases (specifical methane) into the atmosphere.
What About Europe?
In Europe, waste-to-energy plants are already popular. So far, Europeans incinerate about 25% of municipal waste. In France, there are about 126 waste-to-energy plants. In Germany, there are 121 in total. And in Italy, there are 40 plants. As the Reppie plant contributes towards alleviating air pollution, it also operates within the emission standards of the European Union.
Waste management is a big challenge for a lot of African countries. Especially in poverty-stricken regions, the collection, as well as management and disposal of solid waste have not been solved. Mismanagement of the waste can also lead to flooding and the outbreak of disease, hence the importance of this latest development.
Featured Image Credit: United Nations
Facebook CommentsInteractions and social media marketing nowadays commonly go hand-in-hand. I understand numerous people that came across through social media or even more specifically, a dating software. My spouse and I made a decision to make a small research utilising the common relationship app Tinder. This web site are discussing the details within this funny yet beneficial research while watching the connection between social networking and relationships.
Tinder: Connections
‘This software was rigged.” –my spouse
Downloading an online dating software isn’t just rocket science, but i will be small rusty for the internet dating location since I have been in a relationship for 5+ age and am now engaged. The main one affair I made the decision to achieve this, i ran across just how smooth truly to become linked to some one very quickly. My spouse and I made a decision to make limited research by using the well-known software Tinder. At first, it begun as a silly games observe whom could get more admirers, but we quickly started initially to recognize an enormous difference between the number of fans I got versus him. Would it be more people use the software Tinder than females? Or it actually was a simple coincidence that I experienced a lot more hits. Whatever the factor, it was one of my personal numerous findings inside my small amount of time with the Tinder app.
If you’re unfamiliar with the application Tinder like I happened to be, I want to rewind quite. The particular concept of Tinder is actually ‘a location-based social research cellular software that facilitates communication between mutually interested users, enabling matched people to have a chat’ (Bing). A fast introduction to Tinder could be demonstrated in three simple steps: install, make your profile, and start swiping! For my wife and I, we made a decision to restrict the number of photos to publish to three, (and what an option it was) because we couldn’t desire to unveil too much about our selves but just adequate to top the interest of various other people.
You never understand just how bad your publishing try and soon you need certainly to create a paragraph about your self in details section. You don’t wish to seem as well enthusiastic or non-interesting so it is far better ensure that it it is brief and stay open-minded. Some users provided movie quotes, while others been able to include even more sensual demands (zero I’m not joking). Anything you decide to include, talks quantities in regards to the style of person you happen to be, and exactly who you are looking to obtain. I did not put one. Despite my shortage of your own part, the matches started to afin de in from residents and people from over the condition. It had been in this moment We knew how fast you’re connected to a stranger. Before this software we realized my personal small circle of pals and class mates, after, i’m now connected with a great deal of individuals from all parts of society merely looking to generate an association.
The primary concern I spotted with this specific application is the fact that it actually was incredibly graphic. The initial thing presented to your could be the owner’s image. You have to simply click a small symbol to get into additional info towards people. So we are swiping leftover or best, only based on the individuals appears (appears somewhat low should you decide query myself). The application next builds consumers in the area to present to you personally. To decide in case you are interested or not you merely swipe remaining for ‘not curious’ and right oasis dating australia login for ‘interested’, and if you’re truly enthusiastic about an individual your swipe right up for a ‘super like’.
For the people going to say ‘well the first thing we come across is the people, although we are not making use of an application to check out people in real life’ (so what does the term ‘real existence’ indicate anyway, the audience isn’t residing a video video game). I’ve really read class mates get this to declaration, and although it is a legitimate point, creating an app built to attract a person’s true hobbies shouldn’t be typically based on physical appearance. So why do you may well ask? Because there is the truth of ‘catfishing’.
Love: Intimacy
‘This lady said she wishes a man with a great tongue…at least she’s honest’ –my mate
It is hard to assume, that 30 years ago everyone actually had to keep in touch with both. What an idea. With the aid of social networking, we possess the convenience and luxury of being in a position to speak over ranges. A text message is sent within a point of moments over the nation. Having applications like Tinder opens a world of opportunity for internet dating, but will it furthermore eliminate the closeness element of making a relationship face-to-face?Manufacturer Part Number: CHP-037
Starting at $129.99
Availability: ManufacturedShips within 7 - 10 Business Days
Pontiac a lighting upgrade for your Pontiac, Rtint can manufacture and ship one in under 14 days for most submodels.
Great Value
Made in the USA
We Know Our Products
Usually within a few business days
Pontiac custom protection kits are the ultimate
fusion product for your headlights. These custom-made
headlight shields are available in standard clear film which
is 12 mil in thickness and will defend your expensive stock or
aftermarket headlamps from rock hits at speeds of up to 100
miles per hour! In addition to these invisible protective
kits, Rvinyl.com also carries a variety of 15 mil films in
vibrant colors like HID blue and JDM yellow as well as
favorites such as matte black, high-gloss blackout and smoked
tint. Protect your investment with a truly custom accessory
that is as functional as it is stylish.
These warranty-backed, custom protection covers allow any
enthusiast or DIY installer to get the protection and look of
a professional installation for pennies on the dollar. If
you're still not convinced take a look at the pop-up links
above to review our complete text and video installation
instructions. At Rvinyl.com we understand that personalizing
your headlights can seem like a daunting task which is why we
are constantly updating our how-to guides, videos and offer
you round the clock support via email, chat and our toll-free
number. And, with our satisfaction guarantee you know that
we'll work with you if you run into any difficulties.
As with any of the protection kits we sell, installation
tools and application fluids are not required but we do highly
recommend them. When you have already taken so much time to
find the right product for your Pontiac why would you
even consider cheaping out before you've gotten the results
you want. Whether you choose to get installation aides from us
or elsewhere we recommend at least purchasing a squeegee and
fluids such as Rapid Prep and Rapid Tac to make your install
as quick and hassle-free as.The Indian media have reported that both Ranbir and Alia Bhatt who have been waiting for a couple of years now will tie knot at the end of this year
MUMBAI: (UrduPoint/Pakistan Point News-Oct 27th, 2021) Bollywood renowned actor Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt would get married at the end of this year, the Indian media reported on Wednesday.
The reports said that the couple would tie the knot in this winter season.
Ranbir and Alia have been waiting for a couple of years now. Speaking with Rajeev Masand in an earlier interview, Ranbir revealed that he will be 'ticking off' wedding from his checklist 'very soon.'
Some reports said that they were getting married in December.
"Ranbir has pushed the Animal shoot to 2022; besides, he has to Shamshera to promote, which releases in March 2022.
It may be mentioned here that Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma initially denied about the wedding before going off to Italy to get married. But the fans were hoping that Ranbir and Alia would make proper announcement and would get married like a normal wedding in Indian culture.Boomers Capture Division Series
September 18, 2021 - Frontier League (FL) - Schaumburg Boomers News Release
FLORENCE, Ky. - The 2021 Central Division Champion Schaumburg Boomers claimed back-to-back victories on the road to win the Frontier League Division Series 3-1, ousting the Florence Y'Alls, who posted the best record in the league this year, with a 7-5 win on Saturday night.
Florence starter Jonaiker Villalobos retired the first two batters of the first inning rather easily before Quincy Nieporte, the Frontier League MVP, bashed a double off the wall in left. Braxton Davidson followed by stroking a single against the first base line to score Nieporte from second. Clint Hardy then dismantled a 3-0 offering for a two-run homer to left, making the score 3-0.
Florence was able to get a run back in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single from Harrison Dinicola. The Y'Alls drew within 3-2 on a solo homer from Ronnie Allen, Jr. in the second. Florence chased starter Andrew Dean from the game in the bottom of the third, scoring twice to lead for the first time on a sacrifice fly from Andres Rios.
The Y'Alls went to the bullpen in the fourth and Schaumburg answered with two runs of their own to take back the lead. Angelo Gumbs and Nick Oddo notched singles to start the inning. Matt McGarry dropped down a sacrifice before Chase Dawson tied the game with a sacrifice fly. Alec Craig put Schaumburg ahead by sprinting up the first base line and legging out an infield hit to score Oddo. Braxton Davidson added to the lead with a solo homer to lead off the fifth, making the score 6-4.
Florence notched a single run in the bottom of the fifth to battle within 6-5. Gumbs opened the top of the eighth with a double and after being moved to third scored when Dawson stroked a single up the middle.
Erik Martinez earned the win in relief, working 1.2 innings. Darrell Thompson spun a pair of scoreless frames, logging a strikeout. Jack Snyder worked through two scoreless frames, striking out three. The bullpen did not allow a hit from the fifth until a leadoff single in the ninth brought the tying run to the plate. Thomas Nicoll entered and slammed the door shut to earn the save. The Boomers finished with 12 hits in the win as eight members of the lineup logged a hit. Dawson, Davidson, Matt Bottcher and Gumbs all posted two hits.
Schaumburg is in the championship series for the fourth time in history and will host games one and two on Tuesday and Wednesday against either Washington or Equipe Quebec. Those two teams play a deciding fifth game on Sunday. Tickets are on sale NOW!! Season ticket holders and suite holders will receive their tickets electronically. Visit boomersbaseball.com!
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it, and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff.
CyberPatient FAQ
Help Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Jumbled text or malfunctioning display
CyberPatient is optimized for most screen sizes, however, it does need have a minimum browser size in order to display correctly. If you are having issues with jumbled text or features, try maximizing your browser.
If you are still having issues, submit a request at info@cyberpatient.ca and include a screenshot or some details about what you're seeing. We'll do our best to troubleshoot your issue in order to get you working with the best possible version of CyberPatient.
How can I register?
Visit us at app.cyberpatient.ca/register to register for a new account. Follow the steps provided and check out your email for the confirmation code.
Contact us at info@cyberpatient.ca with a few details about the problem you're facing.
How can I exit and save this case?
My cases are too difficult or they aren’t letting me play all the way through, why?
Case Levels are set with four levels that assist in making CyberPatient playable by all skill levels for users at any point in their medical education. Make sure you’ve set your Skillset Level in the “Patient Cases” panel of the Dashboard.
Can I start a new case and come back to my current case later?
What if I accidentally submitted something?
Can I skip a section of the case?
Some sections (like Patient History or Investigations) can be skipped by pressing submit once you've done all you can. If you are having issues with a section, you can press submit after giving it your best effort, but you may lose marks for incomplete submissions!
Don't know the answers and can't submit until you enter a selection?
For some sections like Medications or General Orders, you need to make a selection in order to pass through to the next part of the case.
My account has been down-graded, How do I keep my individual Premium CyberPatient active?
The free trial of our premium accounts is ending. As we move forward to paid premium accounts, we are opening up a few opportunities for users to continue recieving Premium accounts free of charge.
Participate in either of the following initiatives to recieve a free Premium subscription:
1. Referral Program
Tutorials and Documents
Webinars
Browse our webinars from our webinar page.
Watch a full case video tutorial
We've created video tutorials on how to get the most out of CyberPatient, from full video explanations to quick focused tutorials on how to get through a patient case.
Research Publications
Creating a Curriculum
CyberPatient provides the space and materials for Medical Students to practice the full continuum of patient care anytime, anywhere without putting real patients at risk. While the app can be utilized by anyone with a subscription at their own pace, we also provide recommendations for structured learning for universities and educators who would like to use our product in the classroom.
See our Curriculum Manual for an overview of how you can use CyberPatient in your classroom!
Respiratory System
Sweepstakes - Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for the Train the Machine Sweepstakes - Sept 2020
How to use the Student Dashboard
Completing a Patient Case - Tutorials
History Taking
Understanding your Feedback - Tutorial
Learning Management System - Tutorials
How do I select medications properly?
Check out the PDF below for a guide on selecting medications in our medications system.
Medications GuideTank Fury
Tank Fury
Controls:
- W
A S D movement
- Mouse shooting
In this game, you'll choose between mouse controls or keyboard controls. Your objective is simple. Neutralize your enemies on the other side. Find a way how to do all that and play with your friends. Join a game through Facebook and show everyone how a master plays. Pick a nickname and share your score with your friends. The more enemies you'll kill the higher in the scoreboards you'll appear.
59% 12.2k plays
Published: Jul 26th, 2017 HTML5 A tank battle on a giant map.
78% 12.4k plays
Published: Apr 20th, 2017 HTML5 Play a tank battle on a massive game world.
89% 10.3k plays
Published: Jun 29th, 2016 HTML5 Take part in a tank war on a very small territory..
>.Access premium CORE contents + 365 days of unlimited CEUs on Master Tung's Acupuncture, and much more!
The Master Tung Acupuncture point, T 11.27 Wuhu, is a five-point set evenly distributed along the radial aspect of the proximal phalanx of the thumb, at the border between the palmar and dorsal aspects of the thumb between the red and the white skin (line A). The points are numbered so that the most distal is the 1st point and the most proximal is the 5th point. Each point is 2 fen from the next point. for anyone.
There are multiple angles to consider – and not all come from the employee side of things. Officers and
management can pave the way for a smooth transition into new software from the early adopters to the late bloomers.
With that in mind, here are 9 mistakes you should avoid to help you more effectively bring new tech into your company:
1. Buying tech before you understand your needs
Determine what you are trying to accomplish. What is your endgame? What problems will this technology help solve? Find something that will help you get that job done instead of just buying a tech solution. Don’t assume you know what you need until you’ve really examined what you are trying to make faster and easier. A little preparation on identifying the need will help find the best solution to the problem.
2. Allowing the technology to drive the business process
Tech should be a strategic decision based on your business needs. That seems obvious, but too often tech drives the business decisions, instead of vice versa. Don’t just bring new tech in for the tech’s sake, in other words.
3. Not choosing user-friendly tech
Choose apps, software and other tech that employees will actually use. Some employees are tech-averse, so it’s always a good idea to keep it simple. After all, if they aren’t learning the new software, you’ve wasted time and money. Many non-technical employees want to use digital solutions, but are intimidated. Make it easy for them. Naturally, all software will require some ramp-up and training, but you’ll want to look for one that has an intuitive interface that will speed adoption.
4. Failing to measure results
Operational metrics and benchmarks can quantify how much improvement you’re seeing. These can then be used to demonstrate that the advantages of “going digital” are real and worth your team’s efforts. And you’ll want to show the results of training and use of learning the software. Let your team know how progress is going. Celebrate successes with your team.
5. Letting momentum fade away
Hurray, you launched! Now what? Instead of letting the momentum die, maintain engagement levels using incentives and proving results. When you celebrate those successes or hit a critical milestone in training, dish out rewards, gift cards or even time off. But also be sure the carrot matches the goal and effort to get there.
6. Not leading by example
It’s critical that leaders show they’re just as invested and engaged in new tech by using it themselves and keeping it top of mind. Introducing it and letting tech fall to employees to implement isn’t enough. Let your team see others in leadership positions learning and adopting new tech. Use the results, metrics and other data generated from your new tech stack in team meetings. Integrate new technology in regular discussions with your team.
7. Failing to support different learning styles
As user-friendly as a new digital platform or mobile technology may be, there will always be a need for at least some training. Make sure your vendor offers support for employees who need it. And remember, employees learn in different ways. Variety is key. Some like Q&A meetings, webinars or live training sessions. Others prefer to study on their own with a knowledge base. Some need video walkthroughs. A good vendor will offer multiple training, Q&A and knowledge base options.
8. Not doing the PR
Think of your team as an audience. Employees will use tech that saves them time and frustration by learning the software to improve their day-to-day work. Sell the advantages to your team, consistently, until they’re all on board. And be direct. Is a huge hassle being streamlined with this software? Will reports be easier to run? Is this a data governance solution? Are you eliminating a clunky process? Where are the time savings, and how can your team use that elsewhere?
9. Ignoring your champions
Look for individuals who can “champion” your new technology investment among their peers and serve as mentors on the job for learning new software. Early adopters are found throughout organizations, not just in the younger digital native generations. Identify who is responsible for implementation and find those who understand the vision of your organization. Who will be responsible for integrating the new technology? Who do they need to work with?
The best tech stack for an RIA company makes life easier for staff and advisors, as well as management and officers. For compliance officers, in particular, your fintech should save time and be easy to use for every employee. In those areas and others, SmartRIA is the best option to streamline compliance, which saves time you can use to grow your business. We also provide Software as a Partnership™ service, which means we help you and your team access our learning tools, tutorials, Q&A sessions and our extensive knowledge base. Schedule a demonstration to learn more.Designer handbags on sale, guaranteed authentic. Find new and vintage bags from luxury brands Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Hermes at Tradesy.
Buy Designer Handbags at Macy's! FREE SHIPPING available! A great selection of leather totes, designer totes & more at Macy's!
Each vintage-inspired leather handbag is made using premium materials, burnished leathers and high-quality craftsmanship. Shop Patricia Nash today!
10 BEST Luxury Bags of 2021! *OUT vs IN* For links to everything mentioned or shown in this video, click SHOW MORE!
Shop 100% authentic luxury pre-owned purses, handbags, totes, crossbody, from favorite designers Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Hermes and more.
New This Season; LV² Collection; A Piece of the Rainbow; LV Fall; LVxNBA II; Pre-Fall 2021 Collection. Louis 200. Louis 200. WOMEN. WOMEN.
1-48 of over 3,000 results for "Luxury Designer Handbags" ...
Handbags. Constructed with the utmost in savoir-faire and creativity, Dior bags are made to steal the spotlight. Bags. Handbags. Filter. 295 Articles.
2553 Products ... DESIGNER HANDBAGS. Make a worthy investment with our designer handbags edit. For work to weekend, iconic tote bags – the Givenchy Antigona and the ...
Luxury Garage Sale is an upscale consignment brand specializing in ... Bags. Clothing. Shoes. Jewelry. Accessories. Designers ... Top Clothing Designers.
Free shipping and returns on women's designer handbags & wallets. Find totes, chain wallets, shoulder bags, and more. Shop top brands like Saint Laurent, ...Original Style Tileworks Metallic Steel 60x30cm
£100.46 (per box)
- Description
- Additional information
- Reviews (0)
Description
With an inspiring industrial character and a dash of glamour, these clever metal effect tiles are thoroughly modern yet evocative of a bygone era.
Tile and Stone Online are proud to offer Original Style Tileworks tiles at the very best prices on-line. For more information about this product, or any other Original Style tile, please call 01539 741155 today!
Sold by box of 8 tiles (1.44m2)
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.(NAPSI)—You may already be aware of what long-term care is, whether it’s through personal experience caregiving for a loved one who needs daily assistance, or knowing a family member or friend who requires more support as they age. As you learn more about long term care, consider the possibility that you may need this type of care in the future and start planning for it today.
Did you know that 70% percent1 of Americans older than age 65 will need long term care at some point in their lives? This means personal care and other related services provided on an extended basis to people who need help with everyday activities or supervision due to a severe cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer’s disease. Because long term care is not typically covered by health or other types of traditional insurance, it’s most often provided at home by adult children, other family members, and friends. Caregiving can be stressful, and often takes a toll on a caregiver’s health and well-being.
For this reason, you may want to research standalone long term care insurance like the coverage that is offered under the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program (FLTCIP). Designed specifically for the federal family, the FLTCIP provides insurance coverage that reimburses for long term care in places like a nursing home, an assisted living facility, or at home. Purchasing coverage under the FLTCIP may help to protect your savings and assets as well as remain independent in the event you ever need long term care.
Build a FLTCIP plan
There’s no one-size-fits-all when it comes to long term care insurance, and it’s no secret that planning for your future care can be overwhelming. The FLTCIP’s new Guided Planner was designed to simplify the process of building a FLTCIP plan that’s right for you. When choosing a plan, consider the role your family may play in providing your care, the cost of care where you live or plan to retire, and how your coverage may contribute to your broader financial goals. The Guided Planner will guide you through these key considerations:
•Cost of care: Compare the national average cost of long term care with other locations in the United States. You can choose where you live, or plan to retire.
•Care options: Learn more about different care options, such as home care, assisted living facilities, and nursing homes, as well as the associated costs.
•Inflation protection: Understand the impact of inflation on the cost of care over time and see examples of how the FLTCIP’s inflation protection options can help.
The FLTCIP Guided Planner will help you build a plan based on three benefit choices. These, along with your age, will help you determine your coverage and premium:
•daily benefit amount
•benefit period
•inflation protection
Visit LTCFEDS.com to learn more about the Guided Planner and build a plan that’s right for you.
The Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program is sponsored by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, insured by John Hancock Life & Health Insurance Company, under a group long-term care insurance policy, and administered by Long Term Care Partners, LLC.
1 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. “The Basics,” (accessed August 2020).On their email list over, we provide the ideal recommendations pertaining to on the net casinos correct now. Almost all on line casino signup bonuses not to mention complimentary rotates have got small print as well as could differ in accordance with an individual’s location. So, validate every plus feature and even be certain that you’re allowed to carry out along at the specific internet based casino. Trying to play web based online casino within 2019 is undoubtedly very well liked is a pastime for many people. At this time, a person need not be considered risk taker to attend a respectable internet casino, but simply execute to chill or even own a good quality time. At the moment one may perhaps declare it is actually close to similar time-killing online games, enjoy Candies Crush as well as so. For Спин Сити that reason completely new specific cluster around current market, the world thinks which strategies of this nature turns out to be helpful.
On-line casinos are all about getting fun. With some lady luck, you may also win some money as a general cerise along the top. There’s nothing more serious compared with a bad gambling house knowledge about withdrawal troubles, junk e-mail postings not to mention such. An online casino have to have swift emotion periods and have an elegant design by way of very simple easy-to-navigate websites. Anytime typing in a home-based online casino it should be self-explanatory how to locate crucial functions.
Enjoying within a web-based internet casino might be a large completely new phenomenon. Beforehand, you needed to arrive at bodily on line casinos to achieve the entertainment in backspinning your auto tires or even trilled these dice. Technological innovation along with enhancement seem to be switching from an immense charge, defining it as attainable to experience on-line on line casinos because of almost anywhere in the world. An effective way to get the best on the internet online casino is definitely to attend CasinoOnline.casino. The following you can read trustworthy evaluations as well as assess one of the best gambling houses online. We just variety reputable on-line betting house by using fantastic video gaming practical experience and also solid betting house bonuses. All of our betting houses seem to be hand-picked with our team and that we simply want to would suggest the best of a best. Each of our intention is always to assist in the best quality service for checking safeguarded internet casinos. Decide upon an online casino and additionally collect a benefit provided by the list in this article, or possibly to understand to shop desire which in turn casinos to help you choose.
Generally there whatever a number of casino games. The most well-liked video games are training video spots, pontoon in addition to roulette yet you can get thousands of other different types of games. A good number of on-line casinos internet possess 100s, quite often signifigant amounts, of numerous game that you could prefer from. In recent years we tend to have noticed a major advancement around every type about gambling establishment games. Slot machines can be quite often stated in 3D-graphic with many different fresh and also enjoyable match functionalities.This is Dun & Bradstreet coupons page, you will find currently 1 coupons that will help you save your ready money. You may find 0 more coupons from similar brands to select Coupon Code, Promo Code or Discounts of your choice. Products categories are Company Credit Management, Sales And Marketing Solutions, Business Verification.
Couponsdrive is a Review and Affiliate site. We receive fees of sales or may be other reward from the links on this page.
Get Site Wide Discounts on Dun & Bradstreetfull frame
RECENT POSTS IN full frame.
Tamron 28-200mm f/2.8-5.6 Di III RXD Review | The Superzoom Reimagined
Are superzoom lenses finally good enough for professional quality work? It appears so, with the Tamron 28-200mm f/2.8-5.6……
SLR Lounge Specials
$100 Off Premium
1,500+ Lessons, 30+ Workshops
33% Off Visual Flow
Designed by SLR Lounge & DVLOP
2020 Holiday Gift Guide
Ideas for All Budgets
Black Friday Deal Tracker
Updated Daily
Get Connected!We are at the threshold of an exciting new era for America. A new era of sustainability and dynamic possibility.
The clean-tech, clean-energy, green jobs economy is coming and coming fast. It will revitalize and drive our growth for the 21st century.
Hermosa Beach has a leadership role to play. I, as mayor, and my colleagues on the City Council are ready to play that role.
We share a vision for our city’s future as a fertile home for new green ideas, businesses, technologies and practices. Our 1.3-square-mile footprint gives us a campuslike advantage and makes us the perfect partner for those who want to collaborate with a city that’s nimble and motivated to showcase the latest emission-cutting, energy-saving and pocketbook-focused products and services.
Hermosa is already a leader in environmental issues: We were the first city in the South Bay to commit to the benchmark-setting Cool Cities agreement. We were the first urban city to approve a small wind ordinance. Our citizen-led Green Task Force is busy working on a Climate Action Plan and green-building, transportation, waste and water plans. And the City Council enunciated its own commitment to environmental sustainability at a goals-setting workshop, including our intent to become a carbon-neutral city, the first in Los Angeles County.
What does that mean? Broadly, to become carbon neutral, a city must offset all its activities that produce carbon dioxide with activities that either produce no pollution or remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.
It means cutting our overall energy use and using smart meters, smart appliances and a smart grid to do more with less. It means generating our own renewable energy through solar, wind and perhaps even wave energies instead of burning fossil fuels for power. It means using zero-emission vehicles and reducing overall vehicle use.
Our community is already ideal for solar. We’ll help every viable roof turn sunshine into electricity and green our grid house by house. AB 811 now makes it possible for every property owner to afford solar and other critical energy efficiency improvements, and we’re going to encourage every Hermosan who qualifies to take advantage of that and reap the benefits.
We are already headed in this direction with our commitment to the Cool Cities Agreement, which requires us to cut our greenhouse gas emissions to 7percent below 1990 levels by 2012, and by the Global Warming Solutions Act, which calls for reductions that return us to 1990 levels by 2020; by SB 375, which requires the California Air Resources Board to set regional targets for the purpose of reducing greenhouse gas emissions from passenger vehicles; by energy-efficiency standards; and by the newest EPA ruling that gives the agency the right to cap emissions from major sources and vehicles. All the steps we take along the way to meet these requirements are the very same steps we need to take to help us reach carbon neutrality.
I will be the first to acknowledge our city, like all in the South Bay, currently faces tough economic times and serious budget issues. And Hermosa Beach awaits the determination of a legal case that threatens our financial future. We do not take these issues lightly, nor do we shirk from our responsibilities to respond to them as the critical priorities they are..In Calif., no more tanning beds for under-18 crowd California Democrat dominated legislature and the Democrat Governor Jerry Brown, pro-choicers all, don’t think a teenager can make a responsible decision about getting a tan… but in California any under-age child can get an abortion without parental notification (often with the connivance of public school staff). Even in other states that do have parental notification laws, there is an entire industry devoted to helping kids evade it.
But in California, there is no legal impediment to any pregnant child getting an abortion without ANY input from parents. So not only do parents have no opportunity to inform the “doctor” who is killing their grandchild about any possible medical complications, but they have no ability to counsel a scared child about an act that will be undoable, and will have lifelong repercussions, both medically, psychologically, and spiritually.
California, the pure pro-choice state! Except you can’t get a tan in a booth until you’re 18.
Coming up: suntanning licenses for beach goers, and enforcement officials roaming the beach looking for UV abusers.Applying for unemployment
Get Legal Help Today
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Applying for unemployment
I live in SC but work in GA. I am being laid off. Do I apply for unemployment in SC or GA?
Asked on September 5, 2019 under Employment Labor Law, South Carolina
Answers:
M.D., Member, California and New York Bar / FreeAdvice Contributing Attorney
Answered 2 years ago | Contributor
You would apply in the state in which you work, regardless of where you live. If you live in one state but worked in another, you can file for your benefits online or over the.COURSE DESCRIPTION
Inclusive Online Services for
the Municipality - SDN Finalist 2020
SDN Academy
LOCATION
SDN Academy Online/SDGC21 Pre-Event
Get to know the SDN Award Finalists.
Platform details will be shared with course registrants prior to course
Lecture language:
Lecture level:
Basic
Case Description:?
Client: Gemeente Amsterdam
Location: Netherlands
Join this SDN Academy - SDGC21 Pre-Event and learn more about the SDN Award Finalist Serena Westra, senior Service Designer at Koos Service Design and her case: "Inclusive Online Services for the Municipality". This case is SDN 2020 Finalist Category: Professional Non-Profit/Public Sector. Read the whole case here.
Special Guest: Marloes Meerburg from the Municipality of Amsterdam. She will talk about the impact the project has on the municipality and is ready to answer your questions.
Lecture learning objectives:
How to pick a target audience that is inclusive / representative
How to move from research to practical solutions within 10 days
The value of Design Sprints for the public sector
Collaboration between design agency and municipality
How to make fuzzy research findings clear and actionable
Who should participate?
Anyone that is interested in human-centered design and making (public) services more inclusive, especially service designers (both agency side and internal) and people working at public entities.
Investment
This SDN Academy Lecture is a free event for SDN Members and SGC21 Attendees. If you want to learn more about the SDN Membership click here. If you want to purchase a ticket for this years Service Design Global Conference click here.
Non-Members and Non-SDGC21 Attendees have to pay lecture prices.
Financial Inclusion
We as the SDN support financial inclusion as part of our DEI mission (Diversity, Equity and Inclusion), based on the world bank clusters. So, if you think you are eligible – please contact us at info@sdn-academy.org!
SDN Member/SDGC21 Attendee
Free Entry
Non-Member/Non-Attendee
€20
DATES AND TIMES
October 15, 2021
15:00 - 16:00 CEST (GMT+2)
Convert this to your local timezone
LOCATION
SDN Academy Online
Zoom
Platform details will be shared with course registrants prior to course
MEET YOUR TRAINER(S)
Serena Westra
Senior Service Design Consultant
Specialising in service design, Serena collects nearly 10 years of experience in storytelling, strategic innovation, and facilitation. Since 2017, Serena has been working as service design consultant at Koos Service Design. She combines SD with Experiment Design to make an impact.FREE DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £75.
3.24
4.99
Sorry, this is out of stock
Although all OverBoard bags are manufactured to last, if an accident does occur, you can simply repair any tear or puncture with this handy little kit.
Includes 10 x PVC tarpaulin circular disks in mixed colours, and 2 x tubes of PVC adhesive.
£10.39
£15.99...
Sorry, this is out of stock
is back-ordered. We will ship it separately in 10 to 15 days.
£1.94
£2.99
These carabineers are very useful for attaching any of our waterproof products to boats, kayaks, cycles, etc, and are rustproof too.
Great for using as a keyring for your car, boat or house keys too.
£16.24
£24.99
This waterproof dry bag multipack is ideal for use inside other non-waterproof bags to divide your gear so stays organised and separated. Each dry bag also includes a base grab handle to allow easy removal from your bag.Thanks to our clever Fold Seal System™ and fully taped se...
OUT OF STOCK - All backorders will be dispatched by 31st Jan
£32.4948.74
£74...
£77.99
£119.99...
£58.49
£89 ...The relo downlight range is discrete and versatile. As you would expect, it is simply constructed and easy to work with.
With its robust die-cast housing and room-side IP44 protection rating, it keeps many options open.
The relo can blend in with any ambience thanks to its shape and the selection of sizes. A graceful appearance is achieved through the recessed diffuser panel and the narrow edging, creating discrete accents in the ceiling.Dr. Hiroki Kashimura (樫村博基), formerly known as Hiroki Yamamoto (山本博基), is now a Associate Professor/Lecturer (講師) in Department of Planetology/Center for Planetary Science, Kobe University.
I took a Ph.D. at Kyoto University in 2012, advised by Prof. Shigeo Yoden.
See also the official site of Department of Planetology, Kobe University in English, 日本語
ORCID: 0000-0001-7130-6953.
Web of Science ResearcherID: Q-5636-2019
Researhmap portal page: in English, 日本語.
高校生向けの研究紹介記事：夢ナビ.
This page is written in English and Japanese; essential information is written in English.
hiroki (at) gfd-dennou.org
This document was translated from LATEX by HEVEA.Design and Development
At H.H. Precision Mould Sdn. Bhd. (HH), the design function is part of a total product development solution geared toward reducing cost and time-to-market.
The team at HH work closely with customers during the early development stages of a project to refine the part design and design for manufacture, providing technical advice on polymer selection, tooling design and manufacture, right through to ensuring quality products are consistently produced to a high standard and meeting customer specifications.:
- Experienced design-for-manufacturability & technical support
- Outsourced engineering & manufacturing services, allowing OEMs to focus on core competencies
- Speed-to-market
- Solutions to development activity spikes
- Reduced overhead
Our mission is to provide customers with a one-stop product development and manufacturing model that translates into faster and more competitive service. No inter-company hand-offs. No transition time from one step to the next. No finger-pointing.
Using the latest CAD technology and software, HH inhouse plastics mold designers and engineers create robust mold designs for plastic injection molded parts, following a detailed checklist to ensure design for manufacturability.
HH expertise the types of plastic injection molds includes:
- Multi-Cavity Molds
- Large Part Molds
- Precision Molds
- Thin Wall Molds
- Insert Molds
- Gas Assist Molds
- Hot-Runner Molds
- Family Molds
- Prototype Molds
Also, HH is proudly certified to ISO 9001 Quality Management Standard. training to companies to have the ability to understand Strategy Collection, to improve Collector Professional Competence, to improve communication and negotiation skills in effective billing, to understand legal aspects of financing institutions (reprocessing strategies, fiduciary and court decisions), to able to deal with various cases in the collection process, to have an effective strategy to deal with NGOs that hinder or hinder the billing process, to able to improve collection performance.Cooking eggs is said to be one of the most basic skills for any individual. The simple process of just cracking eggs open and whipping up delightful dishes with it is something that most people are familiar with. However, one extremely weird version of cracking eggs has puzzled the internet. Twitter users were left appalled to see American rapper Cardi B cracking an egg ‘like a serial killer’ and adding it to a bowl. The video was shared on Twitter recently and is from Cardi B’s Instagram highlights section. Take a look:
And now: Cardi B cracking an egg. ????!! pic.twitter.com/Y4F8dQwQo4— Niccole Thurman (@niccolethurman) June 8, 2020
(Also Read: Kim Kardashian Vouches For Plant-Based Diet, Sister Khloe Is Impressed)
Although the video was from June 2020, it has resurfaced again and gone viral. The clip was shared on Twitter by multiple accounts and has received over 648k views and 7.2k likes. “Cardi is a serial killer. Why she crack this egg like this,” questioned the user in the tweet.
Cardi B’s video was from her Instagram highlights section called ‘Hair Day’. In a series of videos, the American rapper had shown the process of preparing a hair mask with mashed avocado, mayonnaise, honey a few essential oils, and eggs. She said that she used this mask for herself and her daughter to keep their hair smooth and shiny.
“Guys wish me luck cracking this egg,” she said in the background of the video. She tapped the egg a few times on her wooden table in order to create a crack in it. However, due to her long acrylic nails, she was unable to normally crack split it open and instead ended up squeezing it like a lemon to ooze out all the liquid from it.
Twitter users couldn’t help but express their confusion after seeing the video. Even after all of the efforts by Cardi B, an eggshell ended up inside the bowl of hair mask. Several users also expressed concern about the hygiene involved.
Take a look at the funniest Twitter reactions here:
It’s me recording a video just to show y’all that, there’s more of us out here ???? pic.twitter.com/zbfG4i3eFp— Char ✨???? (@bossmaynelik) November 14, 2021
sociopath activities— Dr. EC (@smeveeo) November 14, 2021
I have at least 37 questions— Jarar (@jararhussain) November 14, 2021
Is this the hair mask?— AhGee (@4Inothaplans) November 14, 2021
Someone send help— Questt (@CannaQuestt) November 14, 2021
She not a serial killer.. she’s just from NY ????????— ????????????øρшνΓ_øρшνΓ???????????? (@_akabigspence2x) November 14, 2021
WHY SHE SQUEEZE THE EGG?!— diminie (@JlMlNLOVELY) November 14, 2021
She told y’all she doesn’t cook…— The Notorious F.I.G. (@JFiggsCT) November 14, 2021
What did you think of the viral video? Have you ever faced the same struggle that Cardi B did? Tell usRETURNS
Have an unworn item & want to send it back for a full refund?
All Curious Kind returns for refunds can only be made without penalty if :
NEW items have tags intact and are returned unworn/unstained
Pre-Loved items come back in the same condition they were received.
Purchased Items:
UPDATE: Between 1 October 2021 and 1 February 2022, Curious Kind will offer free returns on all orders. Let us know that you would like to return your items by emailing hello@curiouskind.com.au and we will provide you with a return postage label, to be printed by you. Let's bust Christmas waste together! Reduce overconsumption and eliminate buyers remorse!
Curious Kind gives you (21) twenty one days from the time your product arrives to post-mark your intended return on purchases for a refund. If your items are not post-marked for return within (21) twenty one days, then they become eligible for the Little Loop return store credit worth 20% of the purchase price.
Rental Returns:
Curious Kind gives you (5) five days from the time your product arrives to notify us of your intended return for a refund. If your items are not post-marked for return within (5) five days, the first month’s rental fee will not be refunded. All returned items must have tags intact (if any) and be in the same condition that they were sent to you.
If there are any issues with your rented items we ask that you please contact us at hello@curiouskind.com.au so that we can help resolve any issues for you.
Exchanges
Unfortunately we are unable to facilitate exchanges at this time. We are looking to whether we will be able to provide this service to you in the future. If you wish to receive an item in another size or colour, please contact us at hello@curiouskind.com.au so that we can facilitate your return and advise you of current availability of your desired items so that you can place a new order.
Rental Swaps/ Order Again
If you have finished with your Curious Kind rental items, or your child has grown out of an item please get in touch with us at hello@curiouskind.com.au. We will help to arrange your return shipping. If you have rented the items for three (3) months or more, we cover the cost of the return shipping! Once we receive confirmation of your return we will cancel your subscription.
Always make sure your account information is up to date!
Need a shipping label? Email hello@curiouskind.com.au and we will organise one for you right away!
Little Loop Return Program
What goes around, comes around. We want to make our business circular. We’re on a mission to keep clothes out of landfill and circulating responsibly for as long as possible.
We reward you for returning your purchased items to us. Use them, love them and hand them down until your heart's content. We want to make sure our clothes have lived their best life before they come back to us. If you’re finished with them we, offer you store credit to send those clothes back – for life and in any condition, for every item you buy!
When you’re ready to return any item you’ve ever purchased from us, contact us at hello@curiouskind.com.au. We will help to arrange your return shipment to us, once we’ve received them, we’ll send you Curious Kind store credit worth 20% of the price you originally paid for the item/s.Bouncing Back to Sri Lanka
The lightning over south India became more concentrated until finally it was flashing all around the plane. Our aircraft bumped and juddered it's way through, then plummeted several metres so suddenly that my stomach rushed up through my body. By the time we came in to land, the storm was all around us - shaking the aircraft and surrounding it with cloud so thick that I couldn't see the wing out of my window. With sweaty palms, we finally bounced down onto Katuniyake runway in the wet, 4am darkness. I was back in Sri Lanka. And glad to be on the ground.Dodge Sees Remarkable Growth In First-Quarter of 2021By bradr | Posted in Uncategorized on Thursday, April 8th, 2021 at 3:08 pm
Photo credit: Dodge
Dodge has focused their efforts towards producing high caliber quality products that can stand the test of time. Just check out what kind of classics Dodge created from the inception of the Challenger muscle car. For the upcoming 2022 model year, we expect some surprises along the way. 2020 introduced the first-ever SRT Super Stock muscle car and Dodge might possibly look to improve on that creation this year. We do know, Dodge has set in motion ways to improve the brand and sales will reflect these changes, but the rise of sales within the Dodge brand is remarkable. Allow us to cover the strides Dodge has seen after one-quarter of the way through 2021.
2021 Marks New Imprint of Dodge Brand
Dodge earned an impressive 5 percent increase in the first quarter of 2021. In the United States, a total of 469,651 vehicles were moved which is over 22,000 more vehicles over this period in 2020. Overall, the growth of the Dodge Durango jumped up 61% and we’ve seen some sales of Dodge vehicles that are quite rare. Among the remaining Dodge products were four new, original 2017 Dodge Viper cars. Dodge has moved just nine in the past two years, but that’s not too shabby for a vehicle that was last in production several years ago. The Stellantis report that covers the Dodge brand’s total sales after the first quarter (three months) of 2021, we noticed the Dodge Dart also had some sales. The Dodge Dart was last produced for the 2016 model year and is a rare sedan sale in 2021.
Improving the Dodge Brand
Dodge is already going full-fledged towards offering more for customers than just about any year. We’ve seen a new security focus to help curb any threat of carjackers taking a Dodge muscle car from its owner. For information on the update for all 2015 to present day Dodge muscle cars, check out this article to explore more regarding Dodge’s security update. For those looking for a new Dodge muscle car, allow us to help. At Miami Lakes Automall, we are more than able to assist our customers for any buying, leasing, selling or needs.
Find the Muscle Car You’ve Always Wanted At Miami Lakes Automall
This fall, get ready to make heads turn with our wide muscle line-up of new Dodge Charger and Dodge Challenger models. Come to Miami Lakes Automall to get started where our professional team is here to make your muscle car dream a reality. Our sales staff is ready to help with any leasing, buying, or trade-in options. Take a look at our new vehicle inventory or our quality pre-owned vehicles. We can help sell your current vehicle or bring it back to life like new with an online service appointment at Miami Lakes Automall.
Easy Related Posts
NASCAR Removed Dodge's Fastest Car Once Half A Century Ago
History reminds us sometimes when humans are too successful; one such example is the Dodge ...read more
Dodge Brand Creates Brand New Donut Maker Job
The Dodge brand is bringing out a new role for one lucky person, who is ...read more
Dodge Promotes A Slew of Sleek New Appearance Packages
Dodge has been doing rather well lately, but they aren't stopping with new rollouts any ...read more
The Dodge Journey Is Sticking Around Worldwide
The Dodge Journey might have been moved from the United States, but the vehicle isn't ...read more
Tags: 2017 Dodge Viper, 2021 Dodge Challenger, 2021 Dodge Charger, Brickell Dodge, Doral Dodge, miami lakes automall, miami lakes dodge, New Dodge Charger, south florida dodgeUntil this weekend, I’d never heard the name Cecil Hotel or indeed Elisa Lam.
In January 2013, Canadian student Elisa Lam decided to ‘find herself’ and take a trip to California alone. She ended up booking into the Cecil Hotel in Skid Row, downtown L.A.
This is the documentary of the mysterious disappearance of Elisa Lam, and takes the viewer through the infamous past of the Cecil Hotel (renowned for murders, suicides and altogether unsavoury things happening).
Candid interviews with the general manager of the hotel at the time of Elisa’s disappearance and input from the detectives who worked the case, the coroner and also reporters and web sleuths, such was the fascination about this vanishing.
Elisa went missing on 31 January 2013 and the last known sighting of her was in the lift on the 14th floor of the hotel, where Elisa is observed to be acting in a strange manner. She exits the lift but is never seen alive again. Police confident that she never left the hotel.
If you like crime documentaries, this is definitely one to look out for on Netflix.
⏩ Lesley Stock is a former PSNI and RUC Officer currently involved in community work.
I remember seeing something on TV about this a month or two back.
It looked promising.
I am always on the lookout for for good shows.
Currently doing Breaking Bad with my daughter and The Serpent with my wife.
Elisa Lam's blogs and social media sites are listed here -
I made the mistake of binge watching the Sopranos and the wire first, everything pales after that. Watching Cobra Kai and the man in the high castle at present, entertaining but not great.
Could not get into The Wire but recently showed The Soprano's to my wife who loved it. It's so well done it still stands up after decades.
I'll go back to The Sopranos. It was good. The Wire is outstanding. Think Mallory recommended Ozark so I'll watch that too.
Started Ozark, couldn't really get into it, same reason I couldn't really get into breaking bad. I know ordinary people get involved in organised crime, but in some aspects of the story who have to with it and ignore obvious flaws.
The wire and the Soprano had artistic license but they are are based on sub cultures that exist which makes them more relatable. You could write a box set about our neck of the world, among the carnage there was enough humour to carry it off.
The wire is the best thing I ever watched, to the extent I was talking like a Baltimore gangster at the end of it. Better watch out, that's cultural appropriation nowadays.What's the Name of That Book??? discussion
UNSOLVED: One specific book > Book about teenagers that meet at a tree everyday to solve a mystery.
Comments Showing 1-4 of 4 (4 new) post a comment »
message 1: by Evelyn (new)
Oct 09, 2017 01:48PM
reply | flag *
Part of a series?
What mystery were they trying to solve?
Were there any fantasy, romance, or scifi elements?
Remember any other characters, like villains, family, teachers, etc?
message 4: by Lobstergirl, au gratin (new)Course Description
Course Name
Art in Spain
Host University
Universidad Antonio de Nebrija
Location
Madrid, Spain
Area of Study
Art, Art History, History, Spanish Culture
Language Level
Taught In English
Contact Hours45
- Recommended U.S. Semester Credits3
- Recommended U.S. Quarter Units4
Hours & Credits
Overview
Course: ART IN SPAIN
Course number: CH3161
ECTS credits: 6
Prerequisites: None
Description
This course will analyze main artistic manifestations in Painting in Madrid and will provide you with the tools to identify, classify, understand, criticize and appreciate the most relevant Spanish art works, particularly those to be found in Madrid.
You will have the opportunity to learn by seeing, feeling, living the art and its expressions in Madrid as you study the painted art works in situ. To this end, you will explore the most relevant museums in Madrid that hold the artistic expressions of the painters studied in this course. In your study of painting you will be able to recognize and personally analyze the most important works of Spanish painters such as El Greco, Velázquez, and Goya in the magnificent Prado Museum; and Picasso, Dalí and
other contemporary authors at the Centro de Arte Museo Reina Sofía.
Learning outcomes
- to classify the main artistic movements into their correspondent historical
period
- to acquire and employ technical glossary on materials, art tools, styles,
aesthetic
- to critically analyze a work of art
- to generate comparisons between international styles and artists
- to be able to expound (orally and written) art concepts in an organized way
Educational Activities
Educational activities will be developed by means of different didactic strategies:
- Theory and Practica
- Collective and individual tutoring
- In-class presentations
- Daily assignments
- Team work assignments
- Workshops and additional training
- Extra-learning activities: field trips
Attending Hours: 45 hours.
Form of Assessment
The form of assessment is based on the core principles of the educational assessment, i.e., an active and participative teaching-learning process focused on the
learner. The instructor will use numerous and differentiated forms of assessment to
calculate the final grade you receive for this course. For the record, these are listed and weighted any valid justification.
An absence is equivalent to a session. Two delays of more than 15 minutes will be considered as an absence.
Any unjustified absence will affect negatively students' final grade by dropping their participation grade.
Participation grade will be dropped in the following way:
NÚMBER OF ABSENCES PARTICIPATION
3 unjustified absences - 30%
4 unjustified absences - 40%
5 unjustified absences - 50%
If a student has more than 5 unjustified absences, the PARTICIPATION GRADE in the following aspects:
- To answer the questions done in class;
- To establish debates about the topics in class;
- To relate the actual politics with past history;
- To analyze the class slides.
Criteria for Assessing Class
Daily Work
Daily work will be made up of a variety of assignments, readings and researches to be done after class.
Exams /Presentations/Essays
There will be a Mid-term exam and a Final exam. Written or oral format could be possible as well as presentations regarding the specific features of the course.
If any student does NOT take an exam, deliver a paper or attend to any presentation, they will get a grade of zero (0) in this part.
Exams dates are enclosed in the attached document.
* A warning on plagiarism. When writing a research paper or an essay exam you must identify your intellectual indebtedness to the authors you have read. This can be done through footnotes, bibliography, or by making a direct reference to the scholar or author in question. Failure to do so will be considered plagiarism. Plagiarism is the most serious academic offence you can incur in and could have serious consequences for you.
ART IN SPAIN
SESSIONS TOPIC ASSIGNMENT
Readings:
- Pook, & Newall, Introduction (pp. xvii-xxi)
- Pook, & Newall, Glossary of terms (pp. 217- 227)
COURSE PRESENTATION
Overview of syllabus with focus on course objectives
Looking at paintings: the analysis of a
picture. Basic artistic
elements: light and color; volume and perspective; visual perceptions.
1. SPANISH MEDIEVAL ART AND THE RENAISSANCE
Impact of the Counter- Reformation on Spanish Art
2. EL GRECO Religious paintings
and portraits
The Holly Trinity
The Martyrdom of St. Maurice Christ Carrying the Cross
3. THE BAROQUE
PERIOD
Basic characteristics and an overview of the works of Ribera, Murillo and Zurbarán
4. VELÁZQUEZ
5. "I see you seeing me, in you I see myself seen and I see you seeing yourself being seen" Or What is hidden in Las Meninas
Reading behind Velázquez's paintings Velazquez's masterpieces at Prado:
Earthly vision of Gods, Court Jesters and Royal Portraits
Velázquez as a court painter
Official portraits and Historic works Customs and mythology
6. NEOCLASICISM
The Neoclassic period and the new tendencies in architecture, sculpture, and painting
7. GOYA
Goya before being Goya
Cartoons for the Royal Tapestry
Popular topics
The Wedding
The Wine Harvest
8. GOYA
An intruder in the Court
Portraits, the Majas and the Black Paintings
The Dream/Sleep of Reason Produces Monsters
Goya´s drawing and engraving albums
9. THE END OF TRADITIONAL LANGUAGE
Introduction to
The change of the century; new trends: Impressionism,
Avant-Garde and its understanding tools
Symbolism
Related terms
Avant-garde, contemporary, cubism, dada, expressionism, functionalism/function, futurism, installation/installation art, ism, mass culture/mass, movement, pop/pop art/popular, primitivism, psychoanalysis/psychology, surrealism.
10. "A painting is an addition of destructions"
Picasso and the stages of Cubism
"Every child is an artist. It's a challenge to remain an artist when you grow up". -Picasso Artistic and personal stages, interest and styles
11. THE APPROPIATION OF A CHARACTER
Surrealism, Dali?s artistic and personal stages
The Automatic Writing and
Process of Images A movie without plot: Surrealism and Cinema
12. ART AND CULTURE IN SPAIN TODAY.
Final Exam Review
Course content review
Course content reviewUniversity of Houston quarterback Clayton Tune will need to go through practice this week before a decision is made on his availability for Saturday\u2019s game against Navy, coach Dana Holgorsen said Monday. Tune, who aggravated a hamstring injury in the first quarter of Saturday\u2019s 45-0 win over Grambling State, participated in a light practice Sunday night. \u201cWe\u2019ll see how he practices,\u201d Holgorsen said. \u201cHe\u2019s got to practice, period.\u201d Tune suffered the injury during the Cougars\u2019 Sept. 11 win at Rice. He did not practice Tuesday or Wednesday leading up to the Grambling State game. Holgorsen took the blame for the decision to play Tune when he wasn\u2019t ready.\u00a0 \u201cMy fault \u2014 I own that,\u201d Holgorsen said. \u201cIt\u2019s my responsibility to get those guys ready.\u201d Backup Ike Ogbogu replaced Tune, going 14-of-22 for 196 yards and two touchdown passes. Also Monday, Holgorsen said defensive lineman Sedrick Williams (ankle) is expected to return this season after being hurt in Week 2. He underwent surgery and is expected to miss eight weeks.\u00a0Join Our Family
We continually strive to set new standards in our industry, which requires just the right kind of employees, those who are preemptive, collaborative, creative and those who embrace our culture. Our hiring process is structured to seek such people.
Upgrade Your Career
You should work at a place that makes you happy. It is probably time for you to switch to a career you will truly love.
It only takes 5 minutes. Go ahead, send us your resume.
Oh, did we mention Furry Fridays?!?
“Changing my career to SASid vs my last job was like going from a flip phone to an iPhone X!”4K television, 4K phones, 4K streaming… the buying public is pretty familiar with the concept of increased resolution. Enrico Ferrari, regional sales head South and East Europe at Sony Digital Cinema 4K, explains why the cinema industry now needs to outpace technological evolution to retain its “ultimate viewing experience” reputation.
From the development of the first films in the late 1890s, through to the introduction of colour film, digital projectors and 3D technologies, our sector has often been ahead of the curve. In fact, compared to television broadcasters, the cinema industry had a near two-decade lead on providing colour content to viewers. More recently, we’ve been slower in transitioning from analogue to digital, while innovations in consumer technologies accelerated. If cinemas wish to retain a reputation as the home of the ultimate viewing experience — against competition from streaming services and UHD smart TVs — returning the focus to new technological innovations is essential.
Dawning of a digital age
In the second half of the 20th century the film industry faced the challenge of determining how to streamline film distribution while maintaining — and boosting — the quality of the images it could project. It was not until the 1990s, when the first Digital Light Processing (DLP) projector was publicly demonstrated, that the industry began to move into the digital age. When, in 1998 the first feature films were entirely shot, edited and distributed digitally in cinemas in the US, the technology was by no means mainstream. Films that ushered in this new era were a mix of oddities — including 1998’s “The Last Broadcast”, a “Blair Witch”-esque found-footage horror flick. A year later though, “Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace” was shown on a DLP projector and the technology was quickly seen as the future.
Refining and defining 4K
As one technology enters the market, its replacement is hot on its heels. In this respect, 4K projection made its first commercial debut in 2003, just as cinemas were starting to convert to the first wave of 2K projectors. Eight years on and 4K entered the cinema market with force — and began to appear in home televisions at a similar time. Cinema had comfortably led television on almost all advances in image quality previously, but as the 4K era dawned, that gap was closing dramatically.
Despite the advent of 8K, today we’re living in the age of 4K. Adoption in the home entertainment market has accelerated (in some cases faster than the move from standard definition to high definition) to the extent that 4K is now a staple of the modern consumer’s technological arsenal. Today, 4K resolution is commonplace in consumer televisions, in games consoles, and even in our smartphones.
Research from IHS Markit’s 4K household forecast expects the number of households with a 4K TV to grow to 335 million in 2020. In the UK, around one in five households is thought to own a 4K television — a figure that is growing rapidly. As appetite for 4K on the small screen gathers pace, and with more titles captured, distributed and promoted in this format, it is now for cinemas to capitalise on demand for 4K on the big screen, too. Many exhibitors have been treating audiences to the best 4K pictures for a number of years, nevertheless currently only around one-third of cinemas in the UK is 4K capable. To keep the crown as the ultimate movie-watching destination, cinemas should not ignore the power of 4K in future-proofing their business.
The theatre owner’s guide to 4K today
With the impending introduction of 5G streaming and rising internet speeds, as well as major leaps forward in large-scale 4K broadcasting, 4K resolution and High Dynamic Range technology, image quality is set to define the next era of cinematic innovation and consumer demand. By arming themselves with 4K, HDR-capable projection technologies, exhibitors will be set for years ahead. With many operators coming to the end of VPF deals made at the start of the digital transition, the timing is right, too. There are options to suit any theatre’s needs — whether that’s a super-size 26m screen or a more intimate and cosy local art-house site.
As cinema operators will appreciate, laser projectors are currently leading the Premium Large Format market for 4K thanks to improved contrast ratios (such as on the Sony SRX-R815DS which has a contrast ratio of 10,000:1), brightness levels and HDR abilities. Such dual-projector set-ups are the leading solution for the biggest PLF screens in large cinemas looking to wow. But smaller cinemas don’t need to feel short-changed. Lamp projectors offer reliable operation, simple maintenance and low running costs and are able to deliver true 4K images on a smaller scale. Such systems provide lower cost light sources and easy lamp replacement. Models such as Sony’s SRX-R515P use six High Pressure Mercury (HPM) lamps that provide fantastic brightness as well as peace of mind: if one lamp goes the system operates with the remaining lamps, reducing the risk of lost shows.
What comes after 4K… 8K?
It would be naïve to think that 4K marks the end of the journey into improving the movie magic. Laser projection will continue to grow in popularity, and screen technology is evolving. Down the line we will see increasing diversification of the projection systems used in the cinema — Crystal LED, for example, provides incredible colour reproduction, and near 180-degree viewing angles. As the PLF sector grows, new forms of screen technology such as this will become a further option for those looking to offer the largest, most immersive system. And in the future, such screens will be able to scale to resolutions beyond today’s 4K systems.
Beyond the image, we can expect to see experimentation with other technologies such as peripheral screens to the sie of the main screen, and 4D experiences. These provide a twist on the classic cinema experience, but the defining factor for the future of cinema will remain the improvements in image. Ultimately, one of the most rewarding reasons to work in the industry is to be a part of its evolution. Cinema itself has been the home of innovation in imagery since the moving image sector began — it would be a shame if it loses the title to television. To avoid this, theatres must not lose sight of the importance of remaining at the cutting-edge. We know that the next era of film-making, distribution and viewing will be more competitive but also more exciting, than ever before. Theatre owners should channel the spirit of technological innovation of the past to remain pioneers at the forefront of the cinematic revolution in the future.
Selling the benefits of 4K
A 4K image on a cinema screen contains 4096 × 2160 pixels. That level of detail means pixilation is a thing of the past. Audiences can see the difference — especially when combined with technology such as HDR. Polling conducted by Sony suggests that 81% of viewers prioritise 4K screenings over other formats (Sony audience poll, Nov-Dec 2017). But not all 4K screens are created equal, however. While the 4K image on a cinema screen and a television screen may have a similar (though not identical) number of pixels, that doesn’t mean equivalent detail — cinema servers use a higher bandwidth. For example, a Blu-ray film might be encoded at 48Mbit/s while digital cinema can be encoded at 10x that, at 500Mbit/s. Cinema has greater detail in each pixel per frame — making for a more impressive image, a point not always conveyed to audiences by the simple addition of a “4K” tag.
Image quality aside, 4K offers greater flexibility and revenue opportunities especially when you add content including 4K live for theatre, music, sport, opera and gaming. Today’s raft of 4K projectors are energy-efficient and reliable and higher-end PLF dual projectors (such as those supported by Sony’s FINITY branding) come with marketing materials to help educate audiences.The Q-Games developed 'PixelJunk' series has a well-deserved dedicated fanbase and Nintendo systems have had a few entries in the series, including two on Switch. The most recent has been PixelJunk Eden 2, which is a heavily stylised 'audiovisual experience' that - once you get used to it - is rather good.
Now that release is getting the Limited Run Games treatment for Switch owners, with three options available for pre-order until 4th July. It's worth noting that these are simply distributed by LRG, so they're not 'numbered' parts of the outlet's Switch range. Versions and links to the relevant store pages are below.
- PixelJunk Eden 2 (Switch) – Limited Run Games - $29.99USD
- PixelJunk Eden 2 2LP Exclusive Vinyl – Limited Run Games - $39.99USD
- PixelJunk Eden 2 Collector's Edition (Switch) – Limited Run Games - $89.99USD
You can see a picture outlining the pricey Collector's Edition at the top of this article; that's a lot of extra goodies if you're inclined to pay that much.
So, are you tempted?
everything included looks absolutely gourgeous
LRG, their collector editions are usually cheap poorly constructed overpriced trash swag. I have other things I'd rather spend $90 on. But I cannot deny that their game selection is the best in the physical-release-for-digital-games boutique business. I'm all-in for a standard copy of this.
Loved the first one. Gotta try the sequel. And would kill for this collector edition. But.... customs...😢
Those designs would look cool on notebook covers, I was hoping there would be one when looking at that collector's edition, but I guess it was not meant to be.
Honestly, what my eyes keep coming back to is that Grimp silk necklace. I could let all the else pass (maybe not the OST, for documentary purposes), if I could just spring for one of those.
Tap here to load 5 comments
Hold on there, you need to login to post a comment...Mother Nature has definitely put your superintendent to the test once again. Experiencing the harsh northern climates that we do each year; I believe most superintendents have come to anticipate and expect turf issues coming out of winter but have we ever seen a spring like this…? Since my time in NB I’ve dealt with my fair share of turf damage and last spring certainly had its challenges coming out of winter, but in my 27 years in the turf industry, this by far has been my most challenging spring dealing with turf desiccation and turf recovery.
To give you a glimpse of what I have had to deal with over the last two months, here are a few before & after pics of what all our greens looked like coming out of winter and how they have transitioned to where they are today. Keep in mind the only green that survived the winter was #16.
“Mother Nature and I have not been getting along, and she’s been very hard to live with all Spring.”
There are many more greens I could have posted but I think you get the “picture”. Our greens have certainly come a long way in a short amount of time. So, what’s the recipe you ask? Lots of coffee, a sip of scotch before bed, many sleepless nights and a shoulder to cry for starters… but when its all said and done and the prep work has been laid, its patience and time. Waiting for Mother Nature to work in my favor has been most frustrating.
The process of bringing turf back from the dead is quite intensive and requires specialized maintenance techniques and resources to do so. We can also manipulate the grow of turfgrass by the use of germination tarps but inclement weather and climate can hold us hostage when expecting the out-comes we want.
As we approach the end of June, much of our turf has now recovered with a few areas left to fill in. The greens are rolling much better and a good top-dressing over the next week will smooth our surfaces even more. Our putting green continues to also improve. I’ve never seen it completely wipe out so this is a first. It is now open for play and the pins are cut strategically to give you the best roll for your buck.
- As we continue to move throughout the golfing season, perhaps we all could note the following points:
- When carts are permitted on the fairways, be mindful of the 90 degree rule at all time.
- When carts are permitted on the fairways, be mindful of the 90 degree rule at all time.
- Many areas on our fairways still need time to fill in so please avoid worn surfaces and drive around… not through.
- Our putting surfaces have come a long way and are filling in nicely each day. Please respect golf etiquette and fix ball marks and keep traffic to a minimum over areas that are still filling in.
- Divot boxes have been placed on all par 3’s and on the driving range tee deck. Please take the time to repair any divots you create and perhaps fix your neighbour’s as well.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to appreciate our Royal Oaks members. Your faithful support to the club and your words of encouragement and understanding has meant a lot to me, especially this spring. It has actually helped continue to give me strength and motivation to persevere through these tough few months. Its very disheartening to see our greens and fairways come out of winter like this especially when we work so hard to keep them healthy. Thank you for your patience and believing in the kind of community we all are striving to create here. Your support has not gone unnoticed. My door is always open for conversation and your input is always appreciated.
Kevin.
Recent Comments:.
Elsewhere of Agent Carter Season 2, we know that The Newsroom alum Wynn Everett will play our new big bad Madame Masque, along with Currie Graham as her husband,.
No word yet on an exact premiere for Agent Carter Season 2, but what can we make of the newest addition to Peggy’s Los Angeles life?September 12, 2018
After a sloppy-but-impressive win over the Atlanta Falcons, the Philadelphia Eagles will take on another NFC South challenger in the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who put up 48 points on the Saints Week 1. Here are five matchups to watch.
In Week 1 against the Falcons, a familiar issue reared its ugly head. That would one of the Eagles corners getting toasted on a double move. The victim Week 1 was Jalen Mills, who bit on an out route by Julio Jones, leaving Jones wide open down the field for what should have been a touchdown.
Catch didn't count but that footwork 😳 @juliojones_11 pic.twitter.com/zpKBZCFH0h— The Checkdown (@thecheckdown) September 7, 2018
Instead, the throw led Jones to the outside, Jones didn't catch it cleanly initially, and then the officials blew the call when Jones was able to regain control of it in bounds for what should have been about a 55-yard gain. The Eagles avoided a disaster there, but the double moves remain a problem.
The strength of the Buccaneers roster is their pair of downfield threats in DeSean Jackson and Mike Evans. Jackson, as you already know, wins down the field with speed, while Evans is a 6-foot-5, 231-pound match up nightmare who excels at making contested catches. Against the Saints Week 1, Jackson and Evans combined for 293 yards.
"DeSean Jackson has always been a guy that can take the top off the defense," said Jim Schwartz. "We played him in a game two years ago and he made a lot of big plays like that. Took us a while to get adjusted to it. And then you get a guy like Evans, even if he's covered, he can still be open. He's a very physical player. You have to be physical with him. So there certainly is two different styles of player."
Jackson has killed the Eagles with big plays ever since Chip Kelly decided that his best receiver (by far) wasn't worthy of a roster spot anymore. In 5 games against his former team, Jackson has 20 catches for 440 yards (22.0 YPC) and 2 TDs. In 2016, Jackson burned Schwartz's defense (as noted above) with an 81-yard TD bomb.
Jackson may not get a chance to burn the Birds once again on Sunday, as he suffered a concussion and a shoulder injury Week 1 against the Saints. Jackson's absence would be a big break for the Eagles.
In addition to Evans and Jackson, the Buccaneers have a pair of tall tight ends that they like in Cameron Brate (6-foot-5, 236 pounds) and O.J. Howard (6-foot-6, 242 pounds). Over the last two seasons, Brate averaged 53 catches for 626 yards and 7 TDs. Howard, meanwhile, was the Bucs' first round pick (19th overall) in the 2017 NFL Draft.
"We talk about Evans being a big guy with a big catch radius," said Schwartz. "Howard is the same guy. All their tight ends are huge, 6-foot-6 guys. Gives the quarterback a big strike zone to be able to throw it to. You've got to be careful in man-to-man coverage of keeping good vision on the quarterback as well as seeing your player, because the quarterback has such a big area that he can throw a guy open. I mean, that's a lot with their tight ends."
Howard finished the 2017 season strongly, as he had 12 catches for 205 yards and 3 TDs in his final five games. In 2018, he's off to a good start, after catching 2 passes for 54 yards against the Saints. A highlight reel for the 2017 season.
Schwartz prioritizes coverage ability in his linebackers, and he likes his safeties to have some cornerback experience in their backgrounds. Matchups like these against teams with good tight ends are part of the reason why.
The Eagles will get a boost with the return of Nigel Bradham from suspension.
With a team that likes to throw downfield, the trade-off offensively is that those routes take longer to develop, meaning that the quarterback has to hold onto the ball longer. That, of course, gives the defense more time to get to the quarterback. #Analysis.
In 2017, Jameis Winston held onto the ball, on average, for 2.77 seconds, which put him in the top 10 of quarterbacks in that category. Fitzpatrick's average time to throw was 2.66 last season, in a smaller sample size. Of the four quarterbacks the Eagles faced last season who took longer to throw than Winston -- Russell Wilson (3.05), Jared Goff (2.93), Dak Prescott (2.82), and Case Keenum (2.78) -- the Eagles were able to get strip sacks on three of them.
In five career starts against the Eagles, Fitzpatrick has been sacked 14 times, and those were with offenses that did not take as many shots down the field as the Bucs. The Eagles' front four (Fletcher Cox especially) dominated the Falcons' offensive line Week 1. They will have opportunities to get after Fitzpatrick on Sunday, and they have to make them count.
The Buccaneers have a very good defensive tackle in Gerald McCoy, who has 39.5 sacks over the last 5 years, and 3.5 sacks in 3 career games against the Eagles. Beyond McCoy, the Bucs spent a lot of resources on their defensive line, and have a number of familiar faces there.
"They really invested heavily in the defensive line," said Mike Groh on Tuesday. "It's obviously all built around Gerald McCoy. He's a guy that can wreck the game, so somebody that we got to pay special attention to. And guys like JPP and Vinny [Curry] and Beau [Allen] who we know really well. They've really bolstered that unit, and it paid dividends for them last week."
A look at what the Bucs have spent on their defensive line (contract numbers via OverTheCap):
• Gerald McCoy: Former 3rd overall pick, signed a 7 year, $95.2 million contract extension during the 2014 season.
• Jason Pierre-Paul: The Bucs traded a third round pick (and a swap of fourth round picks) for JPP this offseason, and assumed the remaining three years of his contract, in which he'll count for $12.5 million against the cap in 2018, $14.5 million in 2019, and $12.5 million in 2020.
• Vinny Curry: Signed a three year, $23 million contract this offseason.
• Beau Allen: Signed a 3 year, $15 million contract this offseason.
The Bucs also drafted DT Vita Vea in the first round (12th overall) in the 2018 NFL Draft, but he missed Week 1 with a calf injury.
The Eagles have arguably the best offensive line in the NFL, so this would be a strength-on-strength matchup, that is if you consider the Bucs' defensive line a strength.
Foles will get the start on Sunday, per Doug Pederson, and as always, it will be a mystery which Foles shows up. There never seems to be any middle ground with Foles, as it's usually "good Nick" or "bad Nick," and rarely something in between.
Week 1, Eagles fans endured "bad Nick," but the Eagles' defense was able to steal a win. Against a Bucs defense that allowed 439 passing yards and 3 TDs a week ago, Foles will have an easier test than he did against a much better Falcons pass defense.
Follow Jimmy & PhillyVoice on Twitter: @JimmyKempski | @thePhillyVoice
Like us on Facebook: PhillyVoice Sports
Add Jimmy's RSS feed to your feed readerRC..
Cedarapids cone crushers set the standard for production and efficiency. Our range of powerful cone crushers boast all the latest features, from hydraulic tramp iron relief systems, to automation and telematics systems.
The unique roller bearing design on the Kodiak ® Plus and LS Cone Crusher generates higher efficiencies and reduces operating expenses by up to 50 percent. Mobile and stationary producers alike will benefit from quick, on-site:
Feb 05, 2019· How to change cone crusher mental and cone cave - Duration: 14:41. Installing large size NSK spherical roller bearings on a Quarry Crusher - Duration: 1:23. ROLMAN WORLD 173 views. 1:23..-flat design as the primary thrust bearing in the cone..
Parameter cone crusher energy bearing..
Jan 14, 2020· Another advantage to the K350+ is its roller bearings. Kodiak® roller bearing machines need less than one-third of the lubrication oil that a bushing machine requires—25 to 40 gallons, depending on size, compared to up to 150 gallons on a crusher with bushTel: +86-20-36933270 / 36933272 / 36933273 / 36853567
MP & WeChat & WhatsApp: +86-13926103331 (Ms.Lisa Liang)
Customized Nordic Aluminium Restaurant Coffee 4 Seater Square Table 735DT-ALU-SQ70
This Customized Nordic Aluminium Restaurant Coffee 4 Seater Square Table has a stylish and durable surface with sleek design. The aluminium top allows it to be flexible enough for indoor and light outdoor use.
Customize Aluminium Restaurant 4 Seaters Coffee Table 714DT-ALU-SQ75&RO80
714DT-ALU-SQ75 714DT-ALU-RO80
Waterproof Aluminium Patio Balcony Outdoor Garden Table 714DT-ALU-SQ75&RE12075
714DT-ALU-SQ75 714DT-ALU-RE12075 714DT-ALU-RE15075
Aluminium Garden Round Outdoor Patio Table 680DT-ALU-RO70
680DT-ALU-RO70
735DT-ALU-SQ70
Luxury Garden Outdoor Indoor Restaurant Coffee Round Table 810DT-STALU-RO70
810DT-STALU-RO70
French Indoor Outdoor Garden 6 Seater Dining Set Table 731DT-ALU-RE160
731DT-ALU-RE160
INQUIRY
Guangzhou CDG Furniture Co., Ltd.
We are always providing our customers with reliable products and considerate services.
If you would like to keep touch with us directly, please go to contact us
TelResearch Paper | Nursing | India | Volume 9 Issue 3, March 2020
A Study on Assessment of Knowledge Regarding Causes and Early Symptoms of Depression among Rural Women in a Selected Community at Gonda to Develop an Information Booklet
Aspin.R, Shalini Rai
Abstract: This present study was done under the topic A study on assessment of knowledge regarding causes and early symptoms of depression among rural women in a selected community at Gonda to develop an information booklet. A structured socio demographic data and knowledge questionnaire on causes and early symptoms of depression were selected on the basis of the objectives of the study. The tools are prepared in two sections. Section I was socio- demographic data and the Section – II was knowledge questionnaire on causes and early symptoms of depression. Validity of the tool was established with experts. Pilot study was conducted to assess the tools feasibility and it was found to be feasible to collect the required information. For the main study the data collected from rural women of Colonelganj, Gonda who fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The collected data was tabulated according to various parameters and the complete analysis was done with descriptive and inferential statistics. Maximum 62 % of rural women in a selected community at Gonda was having poor knowledge on causes and early symptoms of depression, 20 % were having average and 18 % was having good knowledge. The chi-square test implies that there is a significant association between sociodemographic variables such as education and source of information regarding depression at 0.05 level of significant as the calculated chi-squares values are higher than the tabulated value. Therefore, the H0 null hypothesis was rejected. There is a need for awareness program to improve the rural women knowledge on causes and early symptoms of depression
Keywords: Depression, causes, signs and symptoms, rural women
Edition: Volume 9 Issue 3, March 2020,
Pages: 176 - 178
How to Cite this Article?
Aspin.R, Shalini Rai, "A Study on Assessment of Knowledge Regarding Causes and Early Symptoms of Depression among Rural Women in a Selected Community at Gonda to Develop an Information Booklet", International Journal of Science and Research (IJSR),, Volume 9 Issue 3, March 2020, 176 - 178
How to Share this Article?
Similar Articles with Keyword 'Depression'
Downloads: 2 | Weekly Hits: ⮙1 | Monthly Hits: ⮙2
Doctoral Thesis, Nursing, India, Volume 10 Issue 10, October 2021Pages: 668 - 711
A Quasi Experimental Study to Assess the Effectiveness of Psycho Education Delivered by Different Health Professionals on Knowledge among Family Members of Patients with Lithium Therapy at Sneka Mind Care Centre, Thirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
Jeyamathi .S, Dr. Santhi Appavu
Similar Articles with Keyword 'causes': 110 | Weekly Hits: ⮙2 | Monthly Hits: ⮙3
Research Paper, Nursing, India, Volume 8 Issue 4, April 2019Pages: 1212 - 1216
Nurse Teachers Lived Experiences with Students Impoliteness: A Qualitative Study
Pramilaa R
Similar Articles with Keyword 'rural women'
Downloads: 160
Research Paper, Nursing, India, Volume 8 Issue 2, February 2019Pages: 2081 - 2087
Prevalence of Obesity among the Women of Reproductive Age Group in Kamrup District, Assam
V Sugirtha
Downloads: 201 | Monthly Hits: ⮙2
Research Paper, Nursing, India, Volume 8 Issue 12, December 2019Pages: 48 - 52
Comparative Study on Knowledge and Attitude regarding Female Foeticide among Women in Selected Urban and Rural Areas at Fatehabad District
Suman Moun KhatkarSDLP - Seadrill Partners LLC Filing of Annual Report 2016 on Form 20-F
London, United Kingdom, April 27, 2017 - Seadrill Partners LLC (NYSE:SDLP) announces that it has filed its annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016. 2016 audited financial statements, free of charge, by sending an email to: ir@seadrill.comSporting Kansas City vs. Colorado Rapids
2020 MLS Regular Season | Match 19 of 23
Saturday, Oct. 24, 2020 |. Of the 26 clubs across the league, only Sporting has five players with at least four regular season goals this year. Johnny Russell has six, newcomers Alan Pulido and Gadi Kinda have five each, and forwards Khiry Shelton and Erik Hurtado have four apiece. Pulido has missed Sporting’s last four games due to international commitments with Mexico, but the 29-year-old star could make his return on Saturday some of the finest young talent in MLS. Sporting Kansas City Academy products Gianluca Busio, Jaylin Lindsey, Felipe Hernandez and Cam Duke have all made strong impressions in recent weeks, and with newly signed 20-year-old forward Wilson Harris joining the ranks, Sporting has another promising youngster to call upon. On the opposite sideline, Rapids midfielder Cole Bassett is the only player with four goals and four assists in less than 10 regular season appearances this year. Outside back Sam Vines, meanwhile, has played every minute for the club and looks to be a U.S. Men’s National Team at the MLS is Back Tournament in which Sporting received second-half goals from Shelton, Pulido and Graham Zusi to prevail 3-2.
The most recent meeting on Aug. 29 at Dick’s Sporting Goods Park saw Bassett and Busio trade second-half strikes. On Thursday, Bassett and Busio were tabbed No. 7 and No. 9, respectively, in MLSsoccer.com’s annual “22 Under 22” rankings.Church Ball
Brief Synopsis
Cast & Crew
Kurt Hale
Spencer Pei
Daryn Tufts
Peter Pilling
Tyler Workman
Casey Scott
Film Details
Technical Specs
Synopsis.
Director
Kurt Hale
Cast
Spencer Pei
Daryn Tufts
Peter Pilling
Tyler Workman
Casey Scott
David Callahan
Bill Poppin
Jared Parrish
Hilary Hughes
Joseph Morgan
Bernie Diamond
Larry H Miller
Tom Farnsworth
Johnie Tolman
Travis Welch
Brooke Kalama
Travis Eberhard
Stan Ellsworth
Dale Tanner
Mike Mecham
Amber Hawkins
Kala Alexander
Richard Rowley
Kip Fowler
Amber Bollinger
Ray Purcell
Nuuuli Brown
Brad Arnett
Mikel Azpiroz
Joe Wilson
Steve Anderson
Fred Willard
Andrew Wilson
Rudy Aiono
Brad Plowman
Dean Summerwind
Peleti A. Pulu
Dillan Conrad
Edward Gasu
Ben Peterson
Howard Tapusoa
Keri Hatfield
Randy Porter
Kyle Whimpy
Dale Critchlow
Ross Brockley
Sione Fehoko
Sekoa Aiono
Brian Mason
Johnny Biscuit
Mark Madsen
Ricky Carter
Leroy Teo
Karl Riding
Doug Collins
Mark Eaton
Manoa Benjamin
Larry Bagby
Matt Harding
Bradley Call
Chandler Smith
Aaron Shober
Denny Barney
Mike Schlappi
David Ojuka
Sina Amedson
Jeff Olson
Carrie Bowers
Kevin Whimpy
Gary Coleman
Maclain Nelson
Clint Howard
David Rodee
Parker Wright
Pete May
Jimmy Chunga
Justin Thornton
Chad Long
Dave Hansen
Dan Jaster
Dave Pothier
Tim Whitaker
Rachel Good
Hot Rod Hundley
Cathy Madsen
Kandi James
Michael Faasou
Alex Frazier
Mindy Young
Thurl Bailey
Scott Simas
Tyler Schlappi
Jonny Craddock
Jacob Stayner
Patrick Lyons
Larry Schlappi
Melanie Harding
Bita Adabkhah
Bart Olsen
David Halliday
Curt Doussett
Catherine Shumway
David Nibley
Spencer Greer
Riley Terry
Zach Frazier
Colin Botts
Amy Stewart
Susan Rounkels
Kareem Abdul-jabbar
Matt Hale
Michael Birkeland
Vern Cottrell
Crew
Kevin Adams
Stephen Aldridge
Kala Alexander
Britani Alexander-currey
Jason Allred
Duane Andersen
Paul Ary
Paul Ary
Carl Baker
Jena Baker
Jennifer Baker
Cherie Barnes
David Barnes
Heather Barnes
John Preston Barnes
Scott Barney
Anita Bean
Rex Bean
Myleka Bevans
Johnny Biscuit
Christos C Bitsakos
Christos C Bitsakos
Amber Bollinger
Colin Botts
Cindy Boulter
Linda Boulton
Russ Boulton
Brent Bowen
David Boyle
Daron Bradford
Nathan Brockbank
Marc Brown Sr.
George Brunt
Spencer Burnside
Bradley Carlisle
Dan Carlisle
Dan Carlisle
Dan Carlisle
Dan Carlisle
Dan Carlisle
Jay Carlisle
Drew Champion
Scott Champion
Dustin Christensen
Dustin Christensen
Scott Christensen
Kyle Christenson
Valorie Clifford
Valorie Clifford
Bryan Clifton
Craig Clyde
Brion Condon
David Cotter
David Cotter
Jonny Craddock
Scott Currey
George Dayton
Tom Dayton
Tomek Debowski
Carl L. Doane
Greg Duckwitz
Greg Duckwitz
Greg Duckwitz
Marco D¿ Ambrossio
Paul Eagleston
Clark Edmunds
Michael Ehinger
Clay Essig
Mark Ettel
Dave Fassio
Rich Fassio
Jeffrey M Fischer
Richard Flores
Bob Foersch
Master C. Howard Gallup
Clark Goldsberry
Paul Green
Kurt Hale
Kurt Hale
Matt Harding
Melanie Harding
Brian Holliday
Kent Holliday
Lisa Hong
Randall Hood
Wynn Hougaard
Bob Hoverstein
Dave Hunter
Scott Hurst
Jed Ivie
Jed Ivie
Clarke Jackman
Clarke Jackman
Clarke Jackman
Clarke Jackman
Zack James
Dan Jaster
Joel Jensen Jr.
Chuck Johnson
Jj John Johnson
Lilly Johnson
Scott Johnson
Shauna Kalua¿u
Darrell Karren
Eldon Kearl
Tyler Keegan
Tyler Keegan
Shane Kelson
Kevin M Kennedy
Brandon Kidd
Jessica Kidd
Robert Kidd
Sandra Kidd
Josh Kielkowski
Jennifer Kirkham
James Krattiger
Shawn Lacey
Shawn Lacey
Bryan Lampropoulos
Deanna Lampropoulos
Fred Lampropoulos
Cindy Lampropoulos-gourley
Mike Law
Darin Lesueur
Eric Lichtenberg
Dennis Likes
Allison Liljenquist
Angela Liljenquist
Brad Liljenquist
Brian Liljenquist
Marianne Liljenquist
Shelley Liljenquist
Stephanie Liljenquist
Matthew Long
Matthew Long
Addie Lott
Loraine Lott
John Lyde
Christina Lyon
Matt Lyons
Tim Maffia
Chip Maldonado
Ricky Manzer
Ricky Manzer
Matt Mattson
Kathie Mccallister
Jeff Mccoy
Jeff Mccoy
Jeff Mccoy
Scott Mcshane
Buckley Merrill
Darin Miller
Richard A Mitchell
Jared Moench
Marshall Moore
Kelly Moran-brown
John E Moyer
John E Moyer
Nickolas Mueller
Ashley Munns
Nicole Murano
Susan Murano
Alisha Nelson
Kristen Nelson
Paul Newey
Bart Olsen
Scott Oyster
Rob Packer
Stephanie Packer
Thad Paget
Thad Paget
Joseph Parry
Donald M Patton
Dave Peck
Dave Peck
Connie A Peterson
Will Poulsen
Paul Ratajczak
Stephen Rose
Scott Sandstrom
Mike Santarsiero
Hell¿s Satins
Hell¿s Satins
Bud Schreiber
Bill Scott
Alvin Simmons
Jonathan Sizemore
Dave Skousen
Todd Sorensen
John Stansfield
Chad Steed
Shellie Stenquist
Joel Stevenett
Corbin Stott
Kent Stranger
Katherine Swigert
Dana Tanner
Brandi Terry
Jake Terry
Lisa Thomas
Film Details
Technical Specs
Quotes
Trivia
Miscellaneous Notes
Limited Release in United States March 17, 2006
Released in United States on Video September 26, 2006
Released in United States Spring March 17, 2006
Limited Release in United States March 17, 2006
Released in United States Spring March 17, 2006
Released in United States on Video September 26, 2006Worldwide Festival 2010 - Day 1
I just remembered that last year, I blogged about the Worldwide Festival on a daily basis. Almost live from Sète, France. So, after a long nap and some cups of coffee, I'm now reviving this and post a short summary of the first day of the festival.
It all started pretty early on Thursday at the Centre Régional d'Art Contemporain (CRAC) where we got our wristbands and met up with the rest of our people. Currently, there is an interesting exhibition by artist Claude Lévêque there that is called "The Diamond Sea". Many of his works that are inspired by maritime/naval topics, reminded me of the exhibition by Olafur Eliasson I saw in Berlin a couple of weeks ago. Check it out if you have the chance to.
Right in front of the CRAC was a small stage, where we enjoyed the performances by Trilogy (check them out, they're this year's Talent Search winners), Half Seas Over (featuring none other as the mighty Elan Mehler) and the even mightier Dorian Concept (the whitest boy alive *g*). Beautiful hours in the burning hot sun, but worth every minute. Afterwards, we just had to jump into the refreshing water of Sète's harbor. Cooled as down a little
At about 8 pm we arrived at the Phare du Mole, the lighthouse, just to learn that Gil Scott-Heron did not make it to France. Wish him all the best nevertheless! But it was kind of a disappointment. His band played anyhow, but it just wasn't the same. Lefto blessed us with amazing DJ set before the Gil-Scott Heron Band, but Mala, who came on stage afterwards, just isn't my cup of tea. Foreign Beggars are totally crazy guys and must be big in France and/or England, but in Germany, not many people seemed to have heard of them before. So it was Floating Points feat. Fatima who saved the date for me.
I'm sure, Lefto will post one of his hand-crafted videos later on, and I will link to it from here. Right now, we're chilling in our airconditioned hotel room and getting ready for the beach. Today's highlights are so numerous: Sbtrkt, Havana Cultura, Orchestre Poly-Rhythmo de Cotonou,
Flying Lotus, Gonjasufi, The Gaslamp Killer and Joy Orbison, amongst others. Worldwide, baby!
Update: As Gilles just twittered, both Flying Lotus and Joy Orbison had to cancel their gigs due to food poisoning
Damn it!
Kommentare
Ansicht der Kommentare: Linear | VerschachteltWeb Security Risk: Cross Site Scripting Possible On Standard Pages
(Doc ID 1448599.1)
Last updated on JUNE 17, 2021
Applies to:Oracle Utilities Energy Information Platform - Version 1.6.1.1 and later
Information in this document applies to any platform.
Symptoms
Security audit reveals gaps on the standard pages. One of them is Cross-site scripting. For instance, for the following url, it is possible to integrate a script which is executed on the client machine: (Paramètre : Suffix)
Cause
In this DocumentPlease be aware that you are being redirected to the independent Ford Motor Company Limited website
Cars & Pricing
Our friendly motability experts will skillfully guide you through the maze of advanced payments and adaptations available, helping make the process of choosing your brand new vehicle a breeze. Available for home visits, we can explain how the scheme will benefit you as well as taking care of all your aftersales.Namibia held their nerve to beat Scotland by four wickets in the final over of a tense Super 12s match at the Men's T20 World Cup.
Namibia, who like Scotland are competing at this stage for the first time, stuttered in their chase of 110 but sneaked home with five balls to spare in Abu Dhabi.
They were 67-4 at one stage and their scoring ground to a halt as two more wickets fell late on, but JJ Smit hit an unbeaten 32 from 23 balls to seal victory with a six over point.
Scotland were left ruing a horror start with the bat before they limped to 109-8, largely thanks to Michael Leask's 27-ball 44.
George Munseywas bowled by the first ball of the match and Scotland were 2-3 when Ruben Trumpelmann took two more wickets in the opening over.
Humbled by Afghanistan in their opening Super 12 game, Scotland face New Zealand, India and Pakistan in their remaining Group 2 fixtures.
Namibia had never won a World Cup match before this tournament but can now add this triumph to the historic victories against the Netherlands and Ireland which took them through the qualifying round.'We have five cricket pitches in the country' - how Namibia are defying the oddsWorld Cup fixtures & resultsWorld Cup tables
Namibia break more new ground
Namibia came into the game as slight underdogs, ranked 16th in the world to Scotland's 12th, but, despite their wobble with the bat, ended the match posing for photographs after another landmark victory.
When their captain Gerhard Erasmus was bowled by left-arm spinner Leask and opener Craig Williams was stumped down the leg side off Mark Watt in the 12th and 13th overs respectively, there was an outside chance of a Scotland victory.
But Smit remained calm, even when David Wiese fell for 16 with eight still needed.
In truth, Namibia won the game through Trumpelmann's opening burst.
The fiery left-arm seamer found swing and utilised it well. After Munsey played on, Calum MacLeod edged behind and Richie Berrington was lbw to a ball that nipped back.
Leask's hard-hitting innings, which included four fours and two leg-side sixes, rescued Scotland from a repeat of their 60 all out against Afghanistan.
He also took 2-12. Had Scotland mustered another 20 runs, their bowling display may have been enough.David Wiese - the cricketer who played for two countries
The 100 Billion Bottle Problem: Is Coca-Cola's pledge to tackle plastic waste on track?Frankie Boyle's New World Order: The comedian's bold and outrageous way to make sense of the world we live in
Lloyd's building London at dusk, Lime St, England
Image details
Contributor:Tony Smith / Alamy Stock Photo
Image ID:H3CM85
File size:60.2 MB (3.1 MB Compressed download)
Releases:Model - no | Property - noDo I need a release?
Dimensions:5616 x 3744 px | 47.5 x 31.7 cm | 18.7 x 12.5 inches | 300dpi
Date taken:11 September 2012
Location:One Lime Street, London, England, EC3M 7HA UK
More information: was the youngest structure ever to obtain this status. It is said by Historic England to be "universally recognised as one of the key buildings of the modern epoch"On February 23, BTS took their rightful place amongst legends when they performed a five-song set on MTV Unplugged, home to some of the most impressive performances in music.
For those who were not around in the ‘90s, the show invited some of the biggest artists of the time to take fans into the essence of their music, playing acoustic renditions of their songs and giving fans a sneak peek into their creative process. Veteran artists like Lauryn Hill, Bon Jovi, Jay-Z, Maxwell and most famously, Nirvana, have all graced the stage of MTV Unplugged, and on Tuesday night, it was BTS’s turn. For a group who are renowned for their extraordinary dance moves and elaborate stages, this was an opportunity for the septet to show the world that before anything else, they are artists.
The episode began with BTS’ first-ever performance of their lively disco-funk BE track, “Telepathy.” The track is about finding an escape from the tediousness of life and was written and composed by rapper Suga. The rapper explained during MTV Unplugged that the song came into existence after he took inspiration from older demos. For the actual performance, the septet kept it playful and fun as they performed in a home arcade in their finest casual house attire, symbolic of time spent in quarantine.
After explaining the creative process behind “Telepathy,” the mood shifted into a more somber tone for “Blue & Grey.” The pop ballad was also a first-time premiere that was written by V and originally meant to be on his upcoming solo mixtape, “Blue & Grey” takes listeners on a journey of acknowledging feelings of sadness and uncertainty.
The stripped-back nature of the song allowed for the vocal line to emote with every note they hit, with the members appearing one-by-one for their parts, dressed in simple grey suits. It was hard not to thinking of mourning, of the death of 2020 and all that we lost (and continue to lose). The set design on this particular section was spellbinding; despite the gloomy lighting, a beautiful field of flowers and tall grass filled an empty corridor with something akin to hope on a sad day.
In true Unplugged style, the group then segued into cover of Coldplay’s classic “Fix You.” A (mostly) surprise for fans, it was a standout moment that further proved BTS’s dexterity. BTS’s rendition of the pop rock ballad featured gorgeous harmonies between the vocal and rap line members — one of many highlights was leader RM’s deep, breathy vocals complementing Jin’s superb high notes.
BTS ended their episode of Unplugged with their no. 1 hits “Life Goes On” and “Dynamite.” Performed with their live band Ghost, BTS brought us back to the essence of that MTV Unplugged is about: great music and great vibes. While “Life Goes On” is a sweet and comforting song, the live band, coupled with the group looking very prep school/country club/college professor chic, added the right amount of seasoning to make it one of their best performances of the song to date. “Dynamite,” meanwhile, was a celebration in every sense word, with BTS dressed so fresh and so clean in white suits in front of a wall dotted with the band’s platinum and gold records. A not-so-subtle flex to remind the world that their legacy should never be questioned.
What is most impressive about BTS is that they are forging a path in an industry that is less than accepting of non-white artists and international artists — and doing it with style and true artistry. The septet had already established themselves as legends long before achieved multiple no. 1s on Billboard or became Grammy nominees, but BTS are continuing to build their legacy, ensuring that their names are carved into music history.
Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.
Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out: BTS “BE” Album Review: A Galaxy Inside a RoomAccountability ESSA Student Equity School Quality ESEA Reauthorization
Letting Go of Labels in School Accountability Systems
How the next ESEA Reauthorization Can Improve Federal Accountability Requirements
The Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), which is the current reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), contains federal accountability requirements wherein all states must create an accountability system for identifying schools for support on the basis of a collection of indicators, with the majority of weight given to statewide achievement tests scores. ESSA refers to this requirement as “Annual Meaningful Differentiation” and prescribes the aggregation of information across accountability indicators.The American Falls Real Estate market currently has 6 listings, with the majority priced between $100K - $200K. The median list price for the American Falls area being $239,900 and the median price per square foot of $43 you will be able to find a home that meets your criteria.3 Method Steps
- Preheat oven to 200°C. Trim rhubarb, cut into 5cm lengths. Wash strawberries, then hull and halve. Place the rhubarb(1 bunch rhubarb) and strawberries (250g strawberries) together in a roasting pan.
Unsure of the quantity needed?
Click on the underlined ingredient to reveal the quantity. No need to flip back and forth!
- Drizzle maple syrup (1/4 cup (60ml) maple syrup) over the rhubarb and strawberries and then toss to coat. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until tender and hold their shape.
- Serve the roasted rhubarb and strawberries (be careful as they will break up easily) on warmed purchased rice custard and drizzle with a little of the pan juices.Wisconsin police have reportedly arrested 25-year-old Demetrius L. Williams, the man they believe is responsible for an attack that severely injured his pregnant ex-girlfriend and killed her 3-year-old daughter.
Police in Appleton responded to a home the night of Feb. 27, arriving to find Tiana Corbin, 27, and Zyana Corbin, 3, “with life-threatening injuries … consistent with the use of an edged weapon,” a press release states.
Both were transported to the nearest hospital where, after a successful surgery, Tiana stabilized.
She had been stabbed in her chest, abdomen, face and neck.
According to police, her unborn baby was unharmed in the attack, and Tiana is expected to make a full recovery.
Zyana, the statement reads, “succumbed to her injuries” at the emergency room.
An autopsy of the little girl’s remains is scheduled for tomorrow.
That same night, investigators arrested Demetrius L. Williams, 25, who is Tiana’s ex-boyfriend.
Williams appeared in Outagamie County Circuit Court on March 2. He was charged with first-degree intentional homicide as well as two counts of attempted first-degree intentional homicide.
He is being held on $2 million bond, and his public defender could not be reached for comment Thursday.
On Monday, the Associated Press attended his first court appearance, where prosecutors alleged that on the night of Feb. 27, Williams flew into a violent rage when Tiana Corbin told him their relationship was over.
“He was beginning to feel that his girlfriend, who was pregnant with his child, was beginning to distance herself from him,” the AP quotes Outagamie County District Attorney Melinda Tempelis as saying during the hearing. “He began to concoct a plan to kill her and to kill her 3-year-old daughter.”
A GoFundMe campaign has been launched to help Tiana in her recovery, as well as help fund a funeral service for Zyana.
A description of the fundraiser says the mother and daughter “were viciously attacked by Tiana’s boyfriend,” and that, as a result, “Zyana was taken from us too soon. … Not expecting to lose young Zyana, we are asking for any help towards home-going services to assist the parents … to lay their child to rest.”
Our hearts break for Tiana and the rest of the Corbin family.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Finally Ousted, Will It Stick?
After years of trying Netanyahu Rivals Agree to Form a New Government.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s rivals agreed to form a coalition government that would dislodge the country’s longest-serving leader, a major political shake-up as the nation seeks to protect a fragile truce with the Palestinian militant group Hamas.
If the government is sworn in within the next two weeks, Mr. Netanyahu would cede power to the most diverse coalition in Israel’s history, including an independent Arab party for the first time. Yair Lapid, who leads the centrist Yesh Atid party, and Naftali Bennett, who heads the right-wing Yamina party, will team up with six other parties, including one of Israel’s Arab parties, Raam, according to a statement from Mr. Lapid.
“The government will do everything it can to unite every part of Israeli society,” Mr. Lapid said late Wednesday. The parliament by law has about 12 days to swear in the government after Mr. Lapid notifies the president.
Not a Done Deal
Netanyahu has a 12-day period in which to convince members of parliament to change their minds.
If not the deal has Lapid and Bennett alternating as Prime Minister for two years each.
RECOMMENDED ARTICLES
Israel has had 4 nonconclusive elections since 2019 in which no party was able to build a majority.
Netanyahu is on trial for corruption complicating matters. It will be a lot easier to convict him when he is no longer prime minister.
Odd Mix
A defection of two could kill the new coalition deal. Some want to negotiate with Hammas, some don't. The same applies to more land annexations. And an Arab party is part of the coalition as well.
The only thing this odd group has in common is extreme dislike of Netanyahu.
As such, the coalition cannot possibly last very long. Can it last long enough to convict or permanently oust Netanyahu?
That's the key question.
MishBeen a cloudy day here. Drizzled a bit but wasn't too much to disturb. Stayed in doors watching movies all day. I rescanned my TV and now I'm getting 5 new stations which aren't free to air. I don't know what happened but I can get them on my TV whiles I tried 2 other TVs but they didn't have it. Good news but I hope I don't get stuck on TV.
This report was published via Actifit app (Android | iOS). Check out the original version here on actifit.io
Aggregate - Configuration Article
The Aggregate Field evaluates on the client dynamically and does not save to record data, this means that you can have a summary value of a number field that can be used in templates and dashboards that doesn't get saved to the record. The benefit of something like this is that it can greatly cut down on the number of expressions that are being run on your apps and the time to sync data. Such App Level Field Types can only be referenced within App Level based Templates.
Attachments -_1<<
Attachments List -_2<<
Barcode - Configuration Article
This field allows you to scan a barcode through your camera and then store the data so it can be split out and converted. Supported formats: code_128_reader / ean_reader / ean_8_reader / code_39_reader / code_39_vin_reader / codebar_reader / upc_reader / upc_e_reader / i2of5_reader / 2of5_reader / code_93_reader
Bit - Configuration Article
Presents a tick box that is either ticked or unticked. The values stored for these are ‘true’ and ‘false’ respectively. If a bit Field is created with no default value then the default value for this field will be set to 'false'.
This.
Date Time - Configuration Article
& Date - Configuration Article
Date Fields presents a date select Field. Depending on the browser, this will either appear as a pop-up calendar or will require text input in a prescribed format. Date Fields are recognised in report and sorting as dates as opposed to alphabetical sorting. Date Time Fields allow the user to also enter hours, minutes, and seconds. Both Field types are stored in the format yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ.
example 2008-12-16T00:00:00Z
>>IMAGE.
Document - Configuration Article
The ‘Document’ feature allows users to upload a document into a field if it is appropriate for a single document to be present as part of a process rather than use the general attachment area. Once uploaded, an icon appears to allow the document to be downloaded or viewed or removed
Draw - Configuration Article
The ‘Draw’ feature allows freehand sketching within a predefined area of a record. There are two main uses for the Draw feature covering signatures and ‘canvas’ sketches, and so are ideal for use on tablets, smartphones and other touch-sensitive devices. The field can span a page and be fill a large amount of the screen so there is ample room.
Presents a Field for storing an email address. The system will validate that it is a valid email format, and when rendered for the user will allow a single click to launch and send an email from the user’s default mail system.
Embedded Video - Configuration Article
Use this field type to allow a user to specify a video from an external source
e.g. find the video within youtube, click on Share, then Embed, and copy the part of the link that is within the frame, so for the Softools video:
The embedded element would be ""
This would then render the video in the record:
Grid- Configuration Article
A Grid field is a matrix of DataSets and Fields. In contrast to a List field,_12<<
Image - Configuration Article_13<<
Note: The image Field is available to the user after first save of their Record and when uploading a new image this change is saved at the point of upload.
Tip: Here is a post on how to add an image by default on record create.
Image Action Button - Configuration Article
An Image Action Button_14<<
Image List - Configuration Article
The Image List Field that is being created.
In App Chart - Configuration Article
Presents a graphical Report (chart) within a Record. The Field is simple in that it renders a defined Chart, but the Chart itself needs to be built as a Report within App Studio, following a Three-Step Process.
Integer- Configuration Article
Presents a numeric field where the value is formatted to be complete integers (no decimal places).
List - Configuration Article
Presents an expandable table with multiple Sub Field columns. This is ideal where the number of rows in a grid is unclear – such as a list of items. However, in contrast to a defined Grid where each cell is a unique Field in its own right, cells in a List field cannot be called elsewhere in the App.
List fields are limited in their use as the data within them cannot be easily referenced from elsewhere, and is difficult to change via import and export.
Literal - Configuration Article
Displays plain text for the user. This is ideal for giving clear instructions to users of how to complete the record and to explain the process that they are following when entering data. The text to be displayed to the user will need to be entered in the 'Default Value' box under 'Expressions'.
e.g.
Default Value: Once you have completed filling in this section save the record and your results will be displayed in the Summary Form.
Long - Configuration Article
Presents a numeric Field that is capable of handling very large integer numbers (in excess of 2 Billion).
Long Text - Configuration Article
Presents an expandable/scrollable text Field where the default number of rows on the screen can be defined. The 'Rows' parameter determines the default size of the Text area when a user views a Record.
Lookup - Configuration Article, based on the selection of pre-populate addresses and telephones.
Money - Configuration Article
Presents a numeric Field that can be formatted to show the value as currency.
Multi-State - Configuration Article
Presents a field with optional graphical representation in the form of Red, Amber, Green, Blue, Black or Harvey Balls. The different multi-state options range from a two-state field up to a six-state field.
Notes - Configuration Article
Presents a text field where only the latest value is visible on the screen. All earlier values are held in the database and are visible when the user clicks on the Note Pad icon to the right hand side of the the Notes text box.
Number - Configuration Article
Presents a number input field not limited by decimal places and is ideal for use in formulas.
Period
Presents a Field in date entry format and depending on the browser used may also include a date picker that brings back just the Month/Year. The value for this field is stored the in the same format as Date and Date Time Fields, yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ.
Person - Configuration Article
Presents a drop down selection list of all users on the site. This will bring back the Users name in the UI, but will also store the unique Users ID in the database. It also offers an option to filter the options listed by typing in the start of the name. - Support Article
Person by Team - Configuration Article
This functions the same as the above Person Field, yet the drop down will only show people that are in the User's Team(s).
Range - Configuration Article
Presents a numeric scale (i.e. from 1 to 5) but displays it graphically as a slider. If no min and max value has been selected for the range then by default the range will be from 0 to 100.
Selection - Configuration Article_30<<.
Team - Configuration Article
The team field presents a list of the teams on the site for you to select from, similar to a select list but predefined and on the option of selecting one value.
Text - Configuration Article
Presents a text input field for the user. This field is commonly used for data where each entry will be unique so little to no validation on data entry is required.
Time - Configuration Article
The time Field allows you to capture the time of an event independent of a date. Typical use cases would be to record the times of agenda items in a meeting or a event.
URL - Configuration Article
Presents a text input field that accepts web links. This field will allow the user to click on the live link from within a record.
Article is closed for comments.By Ella Feinberg Large, Alicia Bolton
The compulsory Indigenous welcoming is no longer needed at official events because it is too politically correct, Victorian Premier Ted Baillieu says.
The acknowledgment is used before every significant speech, noted by foreign dignitaries and is a sign of reconciliation but Premier Baillieu says it is too dictatorial.
Mr Baillieu said he will still acknowledge traditional owners at indigenous functions but with a new set of words.
Queensland Greens spokesperson for Indigenous Issues, Libby Connors, said she cannot understand how the premier of state could possibly be too politically incorrect.
Ms Connors said it is about getting beyond politics and committing to reconciliation by institutionalising and recognising the Indigenous contribution.
“That’s what reconciliation is about, saying we’re never going to go back again to try and exclude and marginalise them,” Ms Connors said.
QUT Guild Indigenous Officer, Laura-Jane Phoenix said if Queensland were to drop the acknowledgement like Victoria she would rally against it.
“It would be respectful to give us any sort of equal opportunity but the chances are we’re going to have to fight for that,” Phoenix said.
Phoenix said she is not surprised by the Liberal Victorian State Government but says it is ‘disgusting’.
“The little things that we do have, like acknowledgment to country which is the government essentially acknowledging what has happened to Indigenous people … to take that away is pretty much stepping on any tiny bits of rights we have left,” Phoenix said.
Federal Opposition Leader, Tony Abbott, previously said the protocol was Labor ‘tokenism’ and misplaced political correctness.CHC Navigation (CHCNAV) published a case study detailing how its GNSS positioning technology was used on the island of Sumatra to increase the productivity of survey activities and promote local economic development. Companies that are researching new technologies to improve their work processes and methods have selected CHCNAV solutions for drone-based applications, such as full 3D digitization of sites and exploration of mines or quarries.
GNSS RTK receivers, drones, photogrammetry software and related solutions enable mining and engineering companies to increase productivity with a rapid return on investment. To learn more, read the full case study on the CHC Navigation website.
FDHI412 quadcopter is a long flight time six axis carbon fiber drone Frame , FDHI412 is made of carbon fiber material which features light weight and high strength, the canopy of quadcopter frame KIT is made of glass fiber so that the GPS signal won’t be blocked. The closed fuselage structure can protect FDHI412 from the rain and dust, and also protect other load equipments like flight control and battery. The arm of FDHI412 is pluggable, both the cover and arms can be locked with the quick locking hooks.
Specification
Aircraft Type: Hexacopter
Wheelbase: 1200mm
Airframe Material: Carbon Fiber And Composite Materials
Package Size: 400*730*930mm
Weight (Without Batteries Or Payload): 3.6kg
Max. Take-Off Weight:12kg
Max. Payload: 6kg
Max. Climb Speed: 4m/s
Cruise Speed: 10m/s
Max. Flying Speed: 15m/s
Battery Capacity: 25000mAh*12S
Flight Time (Without Load): 85min(2 pieces of 22000mAh*12S LiHV)
Max. Control Radius: 10km
Max. Altitude AMSL: 2000m
Hovering Accuracy:Vertical ±1m, Horizontal±1.5m
Max. Wind Resistance： Level 6
Operation Temperature： -20～60℃
IP Rating：IP56
Contact: Fly Dragon Drone Tech.
Add: NO. 9 Dayu Road PiDu distric, ChengDu 611730, ChinaAbout
Nasir Khan
My name is Nasir Khan Saikat. I am from Bangladesh. I work as full stack developer as freelancer and with a number of agencies. Along with this I also work as professional photographer with special experties in architectural photography and creating virtual tours.
I lead a team where we believe every business is unique and thus should be the solution. We focus on developing result driven solutions to assist the growth of your business. From designing a simple web presence to developing a complex tailor made software we thrive to ensure the utmost return of Investment.
At the time of building anything, we start from the small and travel all the steps along with you. Our believe is to build a great product, we should start small and take care every small part of the whole.
We are a small company in Bangladesh. We have expertise in developing custom websites, web applications, mobile apps, Facebook apps, designing materials for digital platforms and printing.
We turn great ideas into reality. We will start with you and will be with you till the dream becomes reality.
How We Work
We ensure success of business-critical web projects for medium and large-sized enterprises worldwide
Strategy
Design
Development
Partners
5 DIY Projects That Ruin People's Lives
Nothing feels better than pulling off a do-it-yourself project and saving a few bucks -- changing your own tire, replacing your own light bulb, pulling the pickles off your own double cheeseburger, etc. Ah, but a success like that can make you cocky, convince you that you can do anything. After all, this is the age of the internet! Just order the parts and watch a YouTube video about it, right? Hell, what do we even need professionals for?
Well ...
Home Tattoo Removal Is Even Worse Than It Sounds
I have several tattoos, and even had one covered up when I realized it looked less like a totally awesome piece of badass art and more like a totally ass piece of bad art. If that cover-up hadn't worked, I could have gone with the removal option, and I'm 65 percent confident I would have paid someone to do it for me. Because even though it can cost a few hundred dollars, it's way safer than making a chemical cocktail for your skin at home ... which is what too many people are doing these days.
Want proof that letting a wolf gnaw off your flesh is probably safer than DIY tattoo removal? Look at what Jess Hardy did when she wanted to get rid of her ex-boyfriend's name. There are various tattoo-away creams you can buy online, and the stuff Hardy bought contained something called TCA (trichloracetic acid), which doesn't have "acid" in its name for no reason. It's readily available on Amazon and is generally considered kind of awful. She put this stuff on her arm and it proceeded to burn the hell out of it, alien-blood style:
As you may or may not be aware, the difference between getting a tattoo and, say, drawing a dick on your arm with a Sharpie is all about depth. So you need something that can penetrate skin without destroying it utterly, and that's how professional tattoo removal works. But Hardy was left with a wound that looked like she was growing a tiny terrarium for scabs ... and the fucking tattoo was still there. Go to a professional, people.
Related: 5 Shocking Things Nobody Tells You About Getting Tattoos
Home Lip Injections Can Take A Gruesome Wrong Turn
In the world of high fashion, the sexiest thing a person can do is turn their lips into engorged face slugs, plump to bursting with juicy, swollen redness. But of course, not all of us were born with full, somewhat terrifying lips, so what's the alternative? You can go see someone who will inject a host of chemicals into your craw to make it less skeletal and more of a 4D madhouse of lusciousness, but that sounds like a big hassle. Why not do it yourself?
There are various products like Sculptra, an injectable cosmetic filler, that can be bought online and plugged into your mug with minimal skill or effort. And how hard can it be to inject chemicals into your own face? There are plenty of people on YouTube showing you how to do it. This isn't new, either. They sold Botox online with no prescription necessary, because how could filling the cavities in your face with botulism ever turn out badly?
Unsurprisingly, it's been pointed out that at-home filler kits run the risk of disfigurement, infection, blindness, and potentially even death. Because what are you doing? Why are you putting a needle of a chemical you bought on the internet into your face? Have you never been on the internet before? Look at everything here, why would you want any of this inside you?
One woman went to a "poke me in the face till I swell like a grapefruit" gathering and got so badly messed up that surgeons said she could have lost her lips, nose, and vision if she hadn't gone to the hospital. Of course, the Tupperware Party setup is rarely used for facial augmentation, so that may seem like an isolated incident ... except a quick Google search proves that the first half of this sentence is a lie. Watch at your own risk:
Related: The 5 Most Terrifying Ways Your Brain Can Turn on You
DIY Circumcision Is A Thing
How many people do you think are skilled enough to cut off some dick skin? Whether you have a dick, have dealt with dicks, or have only seen them on TV, you know those pesky things are pretty knife-shy at the best of times. But some people want it done (to themselves or others) for whatever reason, so there's definitely a market for it. And for a time, Amazon was actually selling circumcision kits for anyone who'd ever thought, "I can probably remove a foreskin, can't I?"
The kit included a tiny dummy dong so you could practice lopping that little sucker off, and presumably a pamphlet that explained when to stop cutting. Under some intense public scrutiny, Amazon stopped selling this, but if you look around a bit, you can still find them. They just claim to be out of stock. The one I found has 56 reviews, nearly every single one a joke, though there was at least one criticizing the joke ones for being examples of moral bankruptcy. So that's fun.
Interestingly (and I use that word loosely and tentatively), there's also a device on the market called Prepex, which is meant for simple, easy circumcisions. Finally, hassle-free jimmy trims! If you've never heard of this, it's likely because it's marketed heavily in countries like Rwanda, where there's a pervasive belief that being circumcised can help prevent HIV. Did you guess that it's gonna start to get weird now? Because it's gonna start to get weird now.
I watched an entire video demonstration of the Prepex from start to finish -- I'm not linking it here -- and when I say that it was a demonstration, I really mean it. I stared at a strange man's dick while some gloved hands wiped it down, then fitted what looked like plastic plumbing over the top of it. The ghostly hands jammed another ring inside the foreskin, then lifted the fitting until things were snugly clamped together, forcing some kind of little band around it in a way that immediately cut off the circulation. Then a week passed. Then the foreskin fell the fuck off because it was purple and dead! Like a goddamn zombie's limp, floppy arm!
As terrifying as Prepex sounds, if it's done properly, it actually works. Problem is, despite the site clearly stating in many places that it needs to be done by a professional, it's not being done by professionals. Dicks are falling off or getting tetanus left and right because people are using this thing with no clue about how to do it properly. A safer thing is to not cut your dick up, at home or in a field or in a shed at all, but I feel like if you're dead set on performing a self-service circumcision, you won't listen to me anyway.
Related: Cracked Investigates: Is The Thing Circumcised?
Homemade Fireworks Sound Terrible And Are Terrible
I don't think I've ever told anyone out loud that they shouldn't use homemade fireworks, much in the same way I've never told anyone to not tongue-kiss a table saw. Some things seem obvious. But then you read a news story about the guy who injured himself with homemade fireworks. Or another guy who did the same thing. Or several guys who also did that same thing. Or the guy who just blew up his own business. So maybe it's not so obvious. And if it's not so obvious, then maybe I'm some sort of genius. Yes, I like this conclusion.
Now, maybe you're thinking, "Ian, I like blowing shit up, and fuck you for trying to deny me my right as stated by Jesus in the Book of Explosions!" Well, listen, there's no disputing how awesome explosions are. Ask Sir Michael Bay. But I will submit that you should only explode what you know how to explode. You need a background in explodery before you go blowing things up. Surely we can all agree on that. And yet, look what the internet has wrought.
That's a literal firework kit you can buy to mix your own fireworks. So even if you know nothing about chemistry or explosives, you can make your own fireworks in your garage or your driveway or your kitchen. So that's a win for freedom, but a loss for, well, probably most of your fingers. And if reading isn't your thing, you can just look on YouTube, which is the library of knowledge that no one needs to have.
Related: 18 Terrible T-Shirts For Terrible Couples
Home Improvement Projects Must Be Chosen Carefully, Or People Die
The whole fun of owning your own home is that you can do whatever the hell you want with it. Paint a mural of dicks in your kitchen? Brick over your closet because you found a spider in there? You're only limited by your imagination! Well, that and your skill, and your willingness to put the safety of yourself and your loved ones at risk.
For example, nothing prevents one from installing their own elevator. Think of the time it will save! But then you hear about a guy in Kansas who made his own elevator to get to the second story of what appears to be the aluminum warehouse he lived in. When he held the button too long, the cables snapped, bypassing the first floor and sending him to the hospital instead. This, incredibly, was not an isolated incident. Another man in Oklahoma was injured so badly in his DIY elevator that he had to be airlifted to a hospital.
People tend to get super litigious about falling to their near dooms in homemade elevators, too. They're all like, "You put me in a box suspended above the ground and then dropped it in a way that nearly turned me into loose meat sandwich filling." Imagine that? You go through all the trouble of making sure that your friend never has to use the stairs again, and then they have THE GALL to complain about it just because it almost killed them.
Of course, there is a serious side to homemade elevator bumblefuckery. One woman died when someone thought they could make an elevator by affixing some wood and metal to a forklift. I couldn't find a good picture of the contraption, so I don't know exactly how it worked. And apparently neither did this poor lady, who got crushed underneath it. Or the guy who built it, who pointed out, after it crushed his friend to death, that it was "solidly built," but still needed to be "more foolproof." Hey, I have a suggestion: Maybe don't use a forklift parked outside your house as an elevator. I apologize if I'm the one who's out of line here.
If you loved this article and want more content like this, consider a visit to our Contribution Page. Please and thank you.
For more, check out 4 Life Hacks That Will Ruin Your Life:
The first-ever Cracked Podcast LIVE TOUR is coming to a city near (some of) you this spring! Tickets on sale now for Chicago IL (April 11th) and St. Paul MN (April 12th).
COV.
You may feel a quick sting or pinch from the needle..)
This TB include people who are 10% or more below their ideal body weight and people who have kidney failure, diabetes, leukemia, or cancer or who've had part of their stomach removed (gastrectomy).
This includes people who don't have any possible exposure to TB listed in the other risk groups.
A positive reaction can usually be seen.
Current as of:
July 1, 2021
Author: Healthwise StaffMedical Review: E.Freelancer poslovi ruskog jezikadela edit.. editinga (tudi možnost zaposlitve), ki bi za nas tedensko pripravljal in objavljal vsebine. Ker so vsebine trenutno v celo...
ᐧDober dan Prosim za ponubo za postavitev strani v Wordpresu. Potrebujemo da nam naredite osnovo katero bomo kasneje urejali sami ali pa z Vašo pomočjo - prosim napišite nam ceno ure. Mora biti čim bolj SEO za Google. Mora biti responsive design in za telefone in tablete prijazna. Prosimda dodate se možnost za dva jezika. V kolikor se dogovorimo Vam bomo poslali slike in ostali material. Gostimo na strežniku od Telekoma. Hvala in lp Uroš [Removed by Freelancer.com Admin]
Potreban prijevod tekstova s Engleskog jezika na Hrvatski. Teme tekstova vezane su za ugostiteljstvo. Uvijet da tekstove ne prevodite pomoću aplikacija i da budu prirodni za čitanje. Posao nudimo na duži period, od 3 do 6 mjeseci. Svi zainteresirani javite se na e-mail: pos@
Živjo! Želim prevod spletne strani: želim prevod vsega teksta na strani. ob enem iščem dolgoročnega partnerja za prevajanje iz angleškega jezika. hvala za ponudbo.
Prosimo, vpišite se ali se prijavite za več podrobnosti.
No skills required just need to follow instructions. This requires around 2 hours of your time. More details in Chat. Thanks!.
Urgently needed a java developer for 4 hours daily. ( Only freelancer )
Seeking WordPress developer with Divi theme AND server-side experience. You may have o... de ferr....
Urgently required a java developer.
Hi GET SEO FREELANCER, I noticed your profile and would like to offer you my project. We can discuss any details over chat.
Looking for Node Js, Python, React Js, developer 4+ years experience and QA tester on freelancer on hourly basis. Please share resumes.
PFB JD and expectations! Responsibilities for Net Developer • Assist software personnel in handling project-related work and other requirements • Coordinate with other software professionals and developers Qualifications for Net Developer • Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, Blazor, SQL Server, and design/architectural patterns (e.g. Model-View-Controller (MVC)) • 2 years of developmen...
My topic is VR based convenience store for final year of my degree. The base idea is to virtualize the traditional shopping system using VR technology so that during this pandemic, people can safely shop in a virtually immersive environment without having to leave home. It is a final year project and is going to be a mobile application
I want to hire a PHP freelancer who can work live on server daily 4 hours for me. I can pay Rs 200/- per hour. s. This is not commercial. Payments will be prompt. Delivery also should be prompt.
Necesito un freelancer que sepa Oracle SQL y Algebra Relacional
I am looking for a seasoned Copy writer to compose a placeholder text for freelancer bids for graphic design, logos, UI design, and mobile application design.The Canton-Galva, Centre and Peabody-Burns school districts will welcome a total of nine new classroom teachers this fall.
USD 419, Canton-Galva
Canton-Galva schools will have five new classroom teachers as the school year begins.
? Jeannie Koehn has been hired to teach third grade.
Prior to coming to Canton-Galva, Koehn taught eight years in the Fairfield school district. She will begin her 15th year of teaching this fall.
She and husband Shawn, a Canton-Galva graduate, have two children.
? Megan McKenna, a first-year teacher, will lead the instrumental music program and also will teach some middle school vocal music.
McKenna earned a bachelor?s degree in band and vocal music from Wichita State University.
? Judy Seidl has been hired to teach biology, chemistry and other science classes at the high school.
Prior to coming to Canton-Galva, Seidl taught various chemistry classes in McPherson for six years.
This will be her 30th year in education, having taught science classes at both the middle school and high school levels.
She has a master of science degree in curriculum and administration.
She and husband Bill, who is the district superintendent, have three married children and seven grandchildren.
? Blake Thornburgh, a first-year teacher, has been hired to teach fifth- and sixth-grade math and fifth-grade social studies.
Thornburgh earned his elementary education degree from Emporia State University.
? Mark Lackey will teach science for students in seventh through ninth grades.
Prior to coming to Canton-Galva, Lackey worked in Elkhart. He earned his bachelor?s degree from Washburn University and master?s degree from Southern Nazarene University in Bethany, Okla.
Lackey is divorced and has three children.
USD 397, Centre
Three new classroom teachers began their assignments in the Centre district with the start of classes Aug. 15.
? Bob Mitchell will lead the music program?both chorus and band?for grades one through 12. Before coming to Centre, Mitchell taught four years in Baltimore.
He earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts-Lowell, having started his degree at Oberlin Conservatory in Ohio.
?I put together my bachelor?s degree?a few credits here and a few credits there?while I was in the Army,? Mitchell said. ?Then when I got out of the Army, I did graduate work at Florida State University.?
Mitchell is married to Darleen, and the couple has grown children.
Mitchell listed some of his goals for the school year.
?I?d like to get as many people as possible in the Centre school district playing instruments,? he said. ?I?d like to have everybody?all 260 of them?having a good time doing music, whether they?re singing or playing music or whatever.?
Mitchell said he is also interested in teaching some students to play the violin, guitar and piano.
? Jay O?Brien, a first-year teacher, has been hired to teach vocational agriculture.
His duties will include helping with both the wood and metal shop for the FFA chapter and the high school. He also anticipates teaching a plant soil science class.
Originally from Cherryvale, O?Brien earned an agricultural education degree with a minor in animal science and horticulture from Kansas State Univer?sity last spring.
His family has farmed in southeast Kansas since the mid-1800s, he said.
Regarding goals for the year, O?Brien said: ?(I) hope to try to get to know the kids because I?m brand new; trying to get to know them so I can help them, no matter what difficulties or obstacles they may face in this upcoming year or even years to come. (I) hope to try to get some good projects to go through our shops and get the kids to learn a few tricks and skills which they haven?t had before.?
? Phil Duerksen will teach science classes for grades seven to 12 and will coach junior high girls in volleyball, basketball and track and field.
Duerksen lived in India from age 11?2 to 14. He and his family then returned to the Kansas City area for his high school years.
A Bethel College graduate, Duerksen attended seminary for a year, then taught in the Goessel school district for three years. He earned a master?s degree in biology at Emporia State in 1977.
After a stint of voluntary service in Chicago, he and wife Norma moved about 20 years ago to Ohio, where she served as a pastor.
Duerksen returned to teaching about five years after the move. A desire to be closer to family brought them back to Kansas and the job at Centre.
?It?s good to get back to this area,? Duerksen said. He is looking forward to working with the students and believes he will enjoy the variety that comes from teaching different classes to different age groups.
?I?ve (taught) more biology in the past, but I?ve done a variety of things,? he said. ?This year it will be fun to be exposed to different fields.?
Duerksen said teachers and staff have been helpful in the transition.
?If I have any questions, they?re willing to answer those questions,? he said. ?It?s been fun getting to know the culture.?
USD 398, Peabody-Burns
The Peabody-Burns district has only one new classroom teacher this fall.
? Sharon Matz has been hired to teach art for students in seventh through 12th grades.
Prior to coming to Peabody-Burns, Matz worked as a paraprofessional at Centre.
She earned a bachelor of fine arts degree in graphic design from Kansas State University and also holds a graduate certificate in teaching for art education. She and husband Brad have two children, Jacob, 15, and Maggie, 10.
Matz said her goal is ?to help students find themselves through art and to be themselves and be able to express themselves through art.?Summer Assignments
We at the Mesivta feel that it is critical to “hit the ground running” when the school year starts. Rather than allowing the summer to be a time of academic regression or atrophy, we believe that -- without being too taxing on students during vacation – the summer can be harnessed to prepare to thrive optimally in the Fall.
As believing Jews, we approach Torah learning as a part of life that is with us regardless of season. Additionally, having a little bit of advanced exposure to the סוגיות and topics to be delved into in Mesivta shiurim is an invaluable advantage to promote student growth during the year. In the secular arena, staying current and fresh in our skills also yields a far greater return on our school class time.
Therefore, all students have summer assignments based on your current placement level to develop these areas in לימודי קודש (Judaics) as well as Math and English. Some advanced courses/AP have an additional assignment to help support curriculum pacing, as well. This will serve as a touchstone at the beginning of the year to allow us to maximize class time and support content mastery. Given the timing of the holidays, we need our boys to have content material at the ready. It will also help us to gauge the skills of students in each classroom so that we can make informed decisions with course directions and need for remediation/review.FIRS sees digital technology key to improving revenue generation
The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) says the deployment of digital technology is key to improving revenue generation, hence, the need to speed up digitalization of internal processes.
Mrs Angel Fadahunsi, Director, Department of Career and Skill Development, FIRS, stated this on Friday in Abuja during a capacity building workshop aimed at highlighting the importance of digital technology in improving tax collection.
The theme of the workshop which was organized by FIRS in collaboration with the Society of Women in Taxation (SWIT) is “Expanding the Frontiers of Revenue Generation Through Digitalization: the FIRS Experience.”
Speaking directly on the theme of the workshop, Fadahunsi said there was urgent need to speed up digitalization in revenue generation in the country.
She.”
According to the career and skills director, the speed of change in financial technology is swift, and the majority of business transactions in both the public and private sectors, are moving online, creating new fields to learn.
Fadahunsi, who was represented by Mrs Bolanle Akinbo, Assistant Director, Career and Skill Development, FIRS, said that several agencies had information that could be used to improve tax collection efforts.
Akinbo said that people needed to be trained to acquire the critical skills that would improve revenue generation.
Also speaking, Dr Biola Adimula, National Chairman, SWIT, appreciated the FIRS for its consistent partnership.
She assured that advocacy activities at SWIT would go a long way to sensitize the Nigerian populace on better positive actions to issues of taxation.
Adimula explained that the event was put together to strengthen bonding within the SWIT leadership, build its capacity in preparation of an action plan, enhance and most importantly plan its activities on how to improve revenue generation.
She encouraged participants to attend all sessions to be equipped intellectually to raise the bar of SWIT.
In his address, Mr Adesina Adedayo, President, Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria (CITIN), said the theme of the workshop was apt.
He said this was due to the impact of technology in driving revenue generation as evident in developed countries where there is high tax compliance.
Adedayo, who was represented by Samuel Ageluyi, Deputy VIce President, CITIN, stressed that changes involving the use of technology were not always embraced except there was sustained public engagement and enlightenment.
“FIRS’s collaboration with SWIT in organising this programme attests to the fact that it realises that women have a great role to play in nation building.
“This capacity building training for SWIT national officers and state coordinators is well thought out given the established role of women over time as grassroot mobilizers and influencers.
“Therefore, the FIRS’ introduction of various ICT initiatives to drive revenue generation, notable among which is the TaxProMax to improve revenue generation, is commendable and should be supported, ” the CITN President said.… (Read more)
Top Celebrities Share Their Body Image Experiences
6 Ways for More Effective Prospecting
Like many sales leaders we speak to, your sales reps' conversations are becoming even more buyer-focused, which means they need to be creative when it comes to prospecting. Many reps are trying to develop their own hacks, techniques, and processes for prospecting in order to move prospects through the sales funnel and turn them into customers. But most sales experts will tell you that starting conversations with prospects is the most important step in boosting your success in sales.
Yet, the dynamics of how to do so can seem mystifying, even if you've been in the game for a while. Part of the problem is that different situations call for different approaches – so it helps to have a handful of tips and tricks at the ready instead of going in cold. Here are 7 ways to prepare your sales reps for better prospecting that will help you turn those prospects into paying customers.
1. Consistency Counts: Daily Prospecting!
In order to be successful at sales, salespeople have to acquire new clients. To do so, they have to know how to develop new relationships. Prospecting is the art of creating these new relationships. The new business opportunities that later turn into sales are initially identified through prospecting, which is why prospecting is really the lifeblood of sales.
The first way to improve your prospecting results is to acknowledge how imperative it is to getting sales results and treat it accordingly. Improving your prospecting results begins with setting aside the time and the energy to prospect each and every day. Yes, EVERY day. You would never suggest that your only chance to close was on Tuesday mornings? It is foolish to suggest that there is only a particular time of the week during which a rep can be effective at prospecting. And you also cannot suggest that your prospects are only open to taking calls every Monday and Friday. So create that "habit" for daily prospecting with your team.
2. Remove the Distractions
Turn off the Internet. Turn off email. Turn off the phone… and FOCUS.
Have your reps tell their colleagues they have a newfound discipline that will need their support; they promise to catch up with them later.
Hang a sign on the door saying "Do Not Disturb! Prospecting!" No door? Hang the sign over the desk to signal the same. The more seriously a rep can focus on this work, the more seriously others will take them. If they have a lazy attitude toward prospecting, it will fall to the wayside. They will let other things take priority while your competitors start surpassing you. It will happen just as it's always happened.
3. Use All Tools In Your Toolbox
Prospecting is the activity of opening new relationships but don't forget that it is also part of a larger picture. Reps should be focused on the outcome of opening new business relationships – which is to identify potential new business opportunities. There is no one method of doing this. In fact, there are many, perhaps dozen, and they can all be equally effective if done right.
To prospect successfully, reps need to focus time and energy on the methods that work best for them. But that doesn't mean they should neglect everything else. If they're great at cold calling, they should absolutely focus on cold calling. But that doesn't mean they should never use email marketing, inbound marketing, networking, trade shows and conferences, direct mail, social networking, or referrals. Reps should include all of these tools in their arsenal.
Create a list of all of the methods you can think of that are used to prospect. Plan how much time you will set aside for each method and set goals for how many prospects you want to gain from your effort. For example, you might commit a rep to attending one networking event per month with the result that they acquire two new prospects from each networking event. Measure these results and focus on the area that generates the greatest return on. Develop Scripts
Poor prospecting results are usually caused by two things. The first is spending too little time on prospecting. The second is ineffective prospecting. Ineffective prospecting largely comes down to language choices. What your reps are saying when they prospect can mean the difference between gaining or losing a lead. That's why scripts are of the utmost importance.
"But wait!" your rep might say. "I am a professional salesperson and I can't sound like I am using a script!" Of course not. No one wants to talk to a robot. But you can't sound like someone that your prospect isn't interested in meeting either.
If you have reps that are averse to using scripts for prospecting, it helps to recognize that they are already using a script. The words they are using when prospecting (and on sales calls, by the way) reflect a certain way that they have chosen to speak to people. They are words that are comfortable for them because they've have rehearsed them. Because they've have rehearsed them, your rep probably has them memorized. The words they use are comfortable because the rep knows them by heart, not because they're reading them. But this doesn't necessarily mean they are the best language choices.
You can improve your reps effectiveness by having them carefully choose the words they use and making observations about what is and what isn't working. This takes awareness, focus, and discipline. It also allows the rep to experiment with language choices to see what is most effective. Just think of it as sharpening the pitch.
Have them develop scripts for each of the prospecting methods they use. Write responses to the common objections they hear. Rehearse them. If you are leading a great sales team, do this together and rehearse together with them. Have them commit the best language to memory and use it instead of the unwritten and ineffective scripts you may already be using.
5. Focus on the Outcome
The ideal outcome of prospecting is to open the relationship. This almost always involves obtaining a commitment for an appointment.
Effectiveness in prospecting is improved by simply focusing on the outcome. This means that you don't allow your team's prospecting to turn into a needs analysis, a presentation, or a discussion about the merits of your product or service. It means they maintain a laser-like focus on scheduling the appointment.
Some salespeople struggle with focusing on the outcome of an appointment and often slip into the sales mode is because they feel the need to create value for the prospect during their prospecting activity. But this is getting away from the point of prospecting. Always remember that the goal of prospecting is to open a relationship. It is just the introduction of the possibility to create value and do something together. Selling, at this point, is premature.
There is no list to make, no plan to write here. Just know that a successful outcome in prospecting is almost always an appointment. It doesn't matter how much the rep liked them or how much they liked the rep if an appointment isn't scheduled.
6. Get Good at Cold Calling
There is too much to write here about how to get good at cold calling. But it is important that you have this method in your repertoire, and that your reps build their competency in picking up the phone and scheduling an appointment.
Cold calling is still one of the fastest ways to open relationships and schedule appointments, and your very best salespeople are the very best at cold calling. Of course, they are also great at other forms of prospecting, but they never let cold calling fall to the wayside. If your reps do it regularly, you'll find that it offers the greatest return on investment. And the more they do it, the better they will get at it.
Start cold calling.
Conclusion
Prospecting is not a science. But you can save time and maximize your numbers by investing your team in the right processes, activities, and skills. Incorporate these tips into your prospecting game and your reps will be more likely to open valuable relationships and turn prospects into leads over time..David Young.
David has been a key adviser to Dalmore since our first fund in 2012. His real understanding of our business, technical expertise in relation to funds and investment structures and responsiveness have allowed us to build a longstanding and valued relationship with David and his team.
Michael Ryan - CEO, Dalmore Capital
Press Release
Pinsent Masons advises Photon Energy N.V. and Bankhaus Scheich Wertpapierspezialist AG on EUR 55m GREEN bonds
Russell has over 20 years' experience in a wide range of Real estate work, with a particular emphasis on property investment and development.
Partner
Gillian is a Partner in the firm's Energy & Infrastructure finance team in Scotland.
Legal Director
Mhairi practices within the TMT team and has extensive experience leading outsourcing and technology transactions.Hey From The Future
Advice people wish they had at your age
About
Hey From The Future is an advice sharing website that allows users to read and share advice they wish they had at certain ages. Wish you started learning how to code 15 years ago? Write it as advice to the future generation.
Would you recommend this product?
dunno what to say, it's just brilliantPros:
Really nice and thoughtful advice from peopleCons:
None
Very cool website, I can't stop reading advice for all ages. Just shared the link with all of my friends, hope they sign up as well.Pros:
Soothing website design
Anonymous
Easy to tell how many advice is per age, so no need to click into each ageCons:
How will you attract an 80 year old to contribute? Can I create an account for my grandpa?
Love this idea. I think it's a great way to help and inspire others. An interesting addition might be a possibility to contact a user who posted an advice for more help regarding a specific topic (e.g. when someone's advice is to travel as much as possible, you might want to ask if he/she has any more advice on how to get started).Pros:
Great way to help and inspire others.Cons:
No way to ask a user who posted an advice for more help regarding a specific topic.
I love to design, very clear user interface.Pros:
Awesome, really funny to read some advice from the future.Cons:
Maybe upvote with twitter auth and Facebook.
Try not to forget about it in 2020:)Pros:
Really useful ideaCons:
Not nowDec 31 2017 1,000,000 downloads ! Hello It’s totally crazy and incredible for us, but our apps have been downloaded more than 1,000,000 times since the first Werewolf Locator in 2009, eight years ago. Thank you for all your nice comments on the App Store ! Happy new year.
Thanks. At least someone out there actually cares about detecting us. 😀
Hello GodBlessWeird AT&T Glitch Allowed Users To Access Other People's Facebook Account [Associated Press/Silicon Alley Insider]
The Associated Press reported over the weekend about a significant problem facing users of AT&T's wireless network. A routing error has caused an unknown number of AT&T customers connecting to other AT&T customers' Facebook pages - rather than their own. If you're accessing Facebook via an AT&T wireless device, there's a chance you will gain access to the Facebook account of a complete stranger. And at the same time, there may be a complete stranger also connected to the AT&T network looking at your Facebook account.
According to this report, the routing errors appear to be confined to AT&T's mobile network and users attempting to access Facebook. But even though the glitch is currently limited to Facebook, more sensitive web pages could also be potentially be impacted. Imagine the problems that could be caused by the wires crossing on a site containing sensitive financial data.
Essentially, this error is the result of the routing infrastructure at AT&T, connecting a user's requested web page to another user's request. It's a very serious error, and there's little indication in this report about what caused it. For their part, an AT&T spokesman is quoted in the article indicating that the problem was related to an error on AT&T's network and that the error was being fixed.
I'll keep an eye out for additional reporting on this serious network glitch.
wow, that's huge. I had not heard about this. What's interesting, is this limited to Facebook? or also user pages containing more serious information, bank accounts? Amazon one-click, ...
Thanks for sharing - very interesting blog. I commend you on your transparency. found you via Blog Maverick.
Thanks,
Brian.
Posted by: Brian Tucker | Monday, January 18, 2010 at 04:20 PMHow many calories inGreen Peas, canned, drained, without salt added
Calorie Burn Time
How long would it take to burn off 117 Calories of Green Peas, canned, drained, without salt added?
- Swimming
10 minutes
- Jogging
13 minutes
- Cycling
18 minutes
- Walking
33 minutes
Calorie Breakdown
Where do the calories in Green Peas, canned, drained,.RECRUITER SUMMARY
Name:
Hot HK_Web Developer Cryptocurrency 40K HKD Pe
Age Range:
30s
Nationality
Hong Kong
Residence
Experience Summary
He has a 10 years of working experience in IT industry as a web developer. He previously works as a web developer from different industries such as real-estate, marketing and advertising agency.
Currently, he’s self-employed working for a project based basis.
Previous companies includes XXX, XXX, and XXX.
He also work on a project-based basis with XXX, XXX, XXX, XXX, XXX, XXX, and XXX.
Education
XXX
Bachelor of Engineering – BE, Computer Science
Motives & Seeking
Actively looking for a job since he’s currently self-employed.
He’s into the company’s stability.
Languages
English- Fluent
Cantonese- Fluent
Current Salary
$ 40K HKD Per Month Fixed
Expected Salary
Notice Period
None
Interview Availability
Anytime
Interview Notes
1.He’s been working 10 years as a web developer. Currently, he’s self-employed as a web developer. Previously, he worked with XXX, he developed a project mainly their website also block-chain development. It also includes more than 200 microservices. He previously works as a web developer from different industries such as marketing and advertising agency.
2.He specialized in php and javascript framework, including CSS. 5/5 ratings since he used these languages and framework from his previous companies. He developed a web based application for XXX (real-estate company) that will enable the investors to buy coins with their cash. These coins are being used to buy land and shares for a specific property.
3.Node.Js - Yes – 5/5 ratings since he used it to develop a hotel website for bookings and customer support with XXXA company.
4.AWS – Yes – 5/5 ratings since he’s been using it as his main server for all of his projects wayback when he was starting his career as a web developer. He used it to deploy all of.Property Attributes
- ID#58050059545
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyLAPEER
- CityBURLINGTON TWP
- AreaBurlington Twp
- Zip48727
- StyleRanch
- Year Built1947
- Taxes$ 948
- Price$ 269,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage1716
- Lot Size7 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Town & Country Realty
Data Source:
RealComp - 83 - MI
Property Description
4 bedroom stick built home in the country with a basement and 40x70 pole barn on 7 acres & on a paved road. Only 3 miles from Marlette. There's been several updates including new 90' deep well in 2020, septic cleaned out 2021, new oil tank 2019, seamless gutters 2017, new roof on house and pole barn 2013, new drywall throughout house 10-15 years ago and addition to house (sunroom) 2003 with the 2NEVADA TEST SITE
Approximately 136 aircraft are scheduled to participate on the Hood shot. U.S. Marine Corp aircraft will include fifty-two (52) F9F-5 Panther jets from MCAS, El Toro, California, which will provide close air support for assaulting elements. Thirty-four (34) helicopters from the Desert Rock airstrip, designated as HRS, HUS and HOK's, will airlift the assualt waves. Four (4) Marine A4-D's, one RFD, and (2) U.S. Navy A3-D's from the San Diego Navel Air Station will be engaged in flybys for crew indoctrination purposes.
28 aircraft will stage out of Indian Springs AFB. U.S. Air Force aircraft will include the following: one B-25 low altitude cloud tracker from the Air Training Command's Reese AFB, Texas; five (5) B-57, two (2) F-84, five (5) T-33 cloud sampling aircraft from the Air Research and Development Command's 4926th Test Squadron (Sampling). Two of the above T-33's are Air National Guard aircraft from Dallas, Texas, and two from the Air National Guard unit at Springfield, Ohio. Four (40 Tactical Air Command H-21B helicopters are from the 21st Helicopter Squadron at Donaldson AFB, South Carolina, to carry scientists to the detonation area shortly after the blast, , and to serve as standby for emergency evacuation, Two (2) F-89D aircraft from the Wright Air Development Center, Ohio, are to be used for weapons effects tests and bomb damage assessment. One L-20 security patrol aircraft has been scheduled from the 4935th Air Base Squadron at Indian Springs AFB. Other assigned aircraft are one C-47 documentary photo aircraft from APCS, Orlando, Florida, and one C-47 Strategic Air Command relay communications aircraft from Barksdale AFB, Louisiana. An Air Force B-26 from Biggs AFB, Texas, is assigned to a U.S. Army-related project.
U.S. Navy aircraft staging out of Indian Springs AFB are from the Naval Air Special Weapons Facility at Kirkland AFB. They include two (2) FJ-4's, two (2) A4D's for effects purposes, and one TV-2 photo aircraft.
Air Force aircraft staging from other bases are: One B-29 and one B-50 high altitude cloud tracker from Kirkland AFB, New Mexico; two (2) Tactical Air Command Air National Guard photo reconnaissance RF-84's from George AFB, California, and six (6) Air Defense Command T-33's from Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado are participating for aircrew indoctrination purposes. Five (5) U.S. Army H-34 helicopters will be used for fallout prediction, staging out of Desert Rock, Nevada.You. Your new home will be a monumental place for new memories, but how can this empty shell of a house become the place that your loved ones call home?
Making it your own
Before you can truly enjoy your new place, you must make this place personalized for you and your family. The homeowners before you had their vision for what this house would be. It's your turn to do the same. Come up with a plan for each room and what it requires to make it feel like it's yours. Your plan may include things such as ripping out old carpet, tearing off wallpaper, or applying a fresh coat of paint. Little remodels like these can go a long way in helping you feel like you're truly home.
Fill the walls
Moving can be such a daunting task in and of itself. Due to this most people delay decorating or personalizing their home until it's time to move on. The first thing you can do to create a comfortable place for your family is to fill your walls with decor as soon as possible. Once you finish sprucing up your walls, plan to complement them with stylish decor and pictures of your family. You'll love the difference it makes in the process of making your house feel more like home.
Add some greenery
Having a few plants in your living space can truly refresh a room. Plants can provide vivid colors that compliment your style, or add the presence of another living being. If you're not one to care for plants, add some low maintenance plants like succulents that will still survive if unattended for a few weeks. Even if you don't have a green thumb, a few fake plants will go undetected by guests.
Have people over
Having friends over is probably the last thing on your mind after moving into your new house. You don't want others to see your unpacked boxes shoved in the corner or your bare rooms still in need of furniture, but having people over will make your house feel more like home to you. Being in your new house can feel a bit like a vacation. To change this mindset, you should do life in your home as much as possible. Having friends and family over for dinner will help you feel like this space is truly your own.
Breaking in your new house doesn't have to be a year-long process. By setting aside a few weekends, you can feel at home in no time! If you're in need of ideas of how to spruce up your new place, talk to your realtor about finding an interior decorator to help with the process.Speaker Spotlight
Thought leaders from across the university and beyond will convene at Empower 2019 to address how the eight design aspirations can be implemented to innovate and design technology at ASU.
The three pillars to enable and catalyze, operational excellence, customer delight, and innovation, are also a key part of Empower 2019. Each of them are woven into the eight design aspirations, which are represented below and in the speakers' topics.Go Back
Print
Recipe Image
Print Recipe
5
from 1 vote
How to clean and cut a whole crab
This is a tutorial explaining how to clean and cut a whole live crab, including the humane way to dispatch it. Tutorial videos with detailed step photos and diagrams are in the post above. The directions written below are concise and abbreviated, so read the post first.
And what to make with the crab once you've prepared it? Try this
Singapore Chilli Crab
!!
Tip:
For best results, keep the crab alive for as long as you can before cooking it. This will yield the most succulent, flavourful crab of your life!
Freezing
1
d
3
hrs
Course:
Main, Seafood
Cuisine:
Western
Keyword:
clean and cut crab, crab recipe, mud crab, whole crab
Author:
Nagi
Ingredients
1 kg+ / 2lb+
whole mud crab or other crab(s)
, preferably live (Note 1)
Instructions
Dispatch the crab (Note 2):
Freeze 1 hour:
Place the crab in the freezer for 1 hour or until it stops moving, but don't let the crab freeze. It may take slightly longer for larger crabs. Ensure eyes and limbs aren't moving, no active bubbling around the mouth and legs hang limp.
Once the crab is asleep, prepare it straight away. (Note 3)
Cleaning and cutting crab:
Details in post:
See diagrams in post for crab body parts referred to in this section.
Cut off leg tips:
Cut off the sharp tips of each of the legs (not claw).
Remove belly flap:
Twist off the belly flap and discard.
Remove top shell (carapace):
Working from the back of the crab, put your thumb between the body and the top shell (carapace) and pull it off. If you have trouble here, run a small knife down each side of the shell first.
Reserve tomalley:
Scrape out and save the tomalley (yellow and green "crab mustard", Note 4) from top shell and body.
Discard mandibles and gills:
Remove mandibles and gills, discard.
Remove claws:
Seperate arms from body using a cleaver.
Crack claw shell:
Give it a whack with the back of a knife to create some cracks in the shell, but try not to break the shell completely (so the claw still holds together). This helps with even cooking makes it easier to eat. If claws are really large, cut claws from arms at the joint.
Cut body up:
Cut crab body in half down the middle. Then cut each piece into 2 (or 3 if large).
Refrigerate:
Place crab pieces in a large bowl and refrigerate until use. Use within 24 hours.
Clean tomalley:
Scrape all the crab juices from the cutting board into the bowl with the tomalley. Pick out the grey or white membranes and gently scrape off the tomalley (the yellow/green substance) as best you can back into the bowl. Discard all the grey membranes. Keep the crab juices and tomalley for use in cooking - this packs a ton of crab flavour!
Use crab pieces as directed by your chosen recipe. Best crab recipe in the world?
Singapore Chilli Crab
!
Notes
1. Crab types -
I'm using mud crab here, this crab breakdown process will work for any large crab that needs to be cut into smaller pieces for cooking and eating. Examples:
Australia
- Mud crab, blue swimmer crab, spanner crab
US
- Dungeness crab, rock crab, stone crab (similar shape to mud crab)
UK
- Brown crab (aka edible crab), spider crab
2. Dispatching crab -
Crabs should be killed humanely for consumption. Freezing is an easy method of putting the crab in a coma-like state, so it feels no sensation and ceases to move, for butchering. See in post for more details.
3. Cut straight away
after removing from the freezer, while the crab is in this physically depressed state. It is still alive but asleep, unable to feel any sensation or move. Live crab freshly cooked = optimum eating experience!
4. Tomalley -
This is the crab liver and pancreas, also referred to as "crab mustard" or "crab fat". This is packed full of crab flavour and should be reserved for use in cooking.
Another great recipe by recipetineats.com10 Best Landing Page Templates [2020] Landing Page Bootstrap Templates
What is a landing page, as well as what do I use it for? Landing page bootstrap templates. I intend to show you about landing pages. A landing page is a web page with a single focused contact us to action either a sign up form or a button. Landing page bootstrap templates.
Contests and vouchers are likewise great kinds of the landing pages visitors. These pages usually arrive there after clicking on a Google or Facebook ad or in a link in a Google search results page page. One of one of the most important elements of a landing page is that has no top bar navigation links implied to restrict the alternatives offered to your visitors and also helping them guide them in the direction of the intended called action. Landing page bootstrap templates. Contests are terrific method to get new Facebook likes, Twitter fans, traffic to your website and leads by incentivizing them with a prize.
There are several types: the contest from one of the most basic random draw like a Facebook drawing or to a highly involved video clip contest that has a panel of courts picking the winner, all of which can be quickly set up with contest apps, like Wishponds.
Giving away a product that you sell or store present card guarantees that the participants are in fact interested in you, that makes it very easy to convert them right into sales. Landing page bootstrap templates. There are two sorts of major landing pages for two various goals: first, click with pages which are implied to sell visitors on a product service or deal with a value proposition consist of images and also information needed to make an educated choice, get them to click; a Call To Action button that directs them to an ecommerce shopping cart, a PayPal payment kind or a registration page.
Landing page bootstrap templates. The second lead generation pages. These are made use of to collect information such as name and also email address on a sign up form. This allows you to market to and connect with your potential customers or leads at a subsequent time. As such, a lead regeneration page will include a type along with a description concerning what you’re going to get in return for submitting information or opting in. An effective lead generation page supplies people something in exchange for filling in the sign-up form. For instance, an electronic book, free webinar, voucher or free gift – this is whats called a allurement or a lead magnet.
Best Landing Page Templates – Landing Page Bootstrap Templates
Today we’re checking out 10 of the best Landing Page templates in 2020. Landing page bootstrap templates. These trendy as well as polished Landing page templates make it rapid and bootstrap templates. With the ability to choose from 3 various homepage designs, and also its use of the Bootstrap 4 grid system, this website design is responsive on every device, as well as ideal for monitoring activity and also analytics.
Number 9 Tango – Responsive Multi-Purpose Landing Page by Morad. If you’re looking for a means to make your brand or business stand apart online, then look no further then Tango. Tango is a Multi-Purpose HTML landing page template with real adaptability as well as personalization.
It is cross browser as well as multi device compatible, features a selection of built in sections including Team as well as Portfolio sections, contact forms as well as click with navigation.
Number 8 BeSmart – Premium HTML Template by Epic-Themes. Landing page bootstrap templates. At number 8 today, this contemporary fully featured HTML template works hard to grab your target markets attention.
It is cross browser compatible, has a really responsive format and also functioning newsletter and also contact forms and would be ideal for any kind of website, corporate, business or marketing campaigns.
Number 7 EAGLEEYES – Creative multipages as well as One page HTML5 by MarkhorThemes. Whether you’re a startup company, imaginative agency or simply seeking a punchy web based design profile, this eye catching template is perfect for your demands.
Landing page bootstrap templates. With sleek animations, bold graphics, and also a tidy, straightforward format, it’s quickly customisable to fit your demands, and also functions efficiently throughout all web internet browsers.
Number 6 Masakini Multipurpose Responsive HTML Template by SpyroPress. Landing page bootstrap templates. If an online store is what you require, then look no further than this elegant Landing page template.
With a range of homepage choices to fit any store kind, this template additionally comes loaded with features including integrated image rates slide show options, primary as well as second navigation food selections, adaptable layout size and also multi device compatibility.
Number 5 Zeeko – Landing Page Template by themesdesign. Are you after a clean as well as modern landing page for your agency or business? Then look no more than Zeeko! Landing page bootstrap templates. With a modern-day design, it’s fully responsive, simple to customize and would certainly be perfect for an app product showcase, start-ups, personal websites and also web agencies.
Number 4 Bromine – Online Learning Platform HTML5 Template by KL-Webmedia. Landing page bootstrap templates. Bromine is a effective Learning Management System template that supplies a big range of different pages and shortcodes to build a creative website for any type of function.
Landing Page Example Templates – Landing Page Bootstrap Templates
With 3 various Homepage options its very easy to create your very own webpage with this sleek template.
Number 3 Bristol – Decor, Furniture eCommerce HTML Template by UnionAgency At number 3 we have a lovely shade obstructed template that quickly papers and arranges your job.
Best Landing Page, Funnel Builder & Website Builder
Landing page bootstrap templates. This tidy and also modern day html template would be perfect for usage by interior decoration or style includes both Dark and also Light versions as well as has customizable & flexible design layouts as well as widgets.
Number 01 Duduk – Digital Agency HTML Template by deTheme. Landing page bootstrap templates. If you’re wanting to promote yourself or your business with an attention grabbing website, then look no more than this trendy and modern-day Digital Agency template.
Landing page bootstrap templates. Driven by dynamic colours as well as a tidy, contemporary design, this template is cross browser compatible and very easy to tailor whilst having adaptive pictures and also eye catching typography!
That wraps up the summary of the 10 Best Landing page templates for 2020. Landing page bootstrap templates.Sony cancels 'Interview' release
Sony Pictures Entertainment has canceled the Christmas Day release of "The Interview" after the nation's major theater chains said they would not screen the film. U.S. intelligence officials confirmed that the North Korean government was behind the devastating cyberattack, which has hobbled Sony Pictures and spread fear throughout the entertainment industry. "The Interview" depicts the fictional assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
Scott Coughlin: Sony should put it online for us to watch for free.
David W. Cordle: I would not have seen it anyway and now it is a classic and will get the Oscar for bravery!
Larry Burnett: The skeptic in me wants to think that maybe there was never a movie. Just one unbelievably huge publicity stunt. Like Joaquin Phoenix's stint as a "rapper" or Andy Kaufman's stint as a "wrestler." Although on a way larger scale.
Rockhell Margarona Wokher: North Korea ain't got nothing on the U.S. bootleg network. We'll see it soon enough.
Warnie Pritchett: I guess they don't teach tin-pot dictators how to appreciate satire. Pity.
People Express hopes to restart operations
People Express still is working to restart its suspended service at Newport News/Williamsburg International Airport, according to officials with the beleaguered airline, but specifics are lacking about when that could occur.
Vaughn Deel: Go ahead and start back up. I will not buy a ticket from you.
Latest
Newport News police seek jewel thief
Newport News police are searching for a man they said stole more $7,000 in jewelry items from a Patrick Henry Mall kiosk.
Dee Perry: Why wasn't it locked up?
Jon Zo: I didn't realize there was $7,000 in jewelry in the entire Patrick Henry Mall.
Responses were compiled from the Daily Press Facebook pages. To join in the discussion, go to pages such as facebook.com/dailypressnews.NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ—The issue of gang activity and violence in New Brunswick’s public schools took center stage at the Board of Education candidate’s forum last Thursday.
With the city's first ever school board elections taking place today, candidates had a chance to voice their opinions on how to deal with the gang problem should they be elected.
Gang violence in New Brunswick is an ongoing issue: A 2010 survey by the New Jersey State Police cited the presence of thirteen different gangs in the city, with approximately 392 gang members in total.
In 2010, a fourteen-year-old boy was fatally stabbed as the result of a gang-related dispute. The assailant was a member of the Brown Set, a subdivision of the La Mugre gang, operating in New Brunswick.
Of the gang problem, challenging candidate Sean Monahan said: "There has been far too much violence in the past few years, and I know that it has become an obstacle for New Brunswick students trying to focus on their studies."
The candidates spoke about many possible solutions to the problem.
"Parents, parents, parents," said incumbent candidate Benito Ortiz, "They have to be involved in their kids’ lives, and understand what they’re doing outside school."
Challenging candidate Stephanie Rivera mentioned the Rutgers Future Scholars program, which brings Rutgers students to New Brunswick schools to act as mentors.
"We do have some students who are involved in gangs as well as students who used to be in gangs, but were able to get out. This shows the power of the mentorship program," Rivera said.
“When we talk to students that have lost their friends to gangs, it's because they don’t feel like they have a family,” Rivera said, "They don’t feel like they have anywhere they belong, and that is why I believe these mentorship programs are critical to the New Brunswick community."
Incumbent candidate John Krenos said that "Gangs are the result of a family breakdown; they are alternative support structures that are ultimately destructive."
Krenos then went on to say that more recreational activities should be made available so that students can have other things to do outside of the school day.
Polls are open today from 7 a.m. until 9 p.m. Please visit NewBrunswickToday.com for up-to-date election results this evening.... read more →
Sep 28
Sep 15
Some... read more →
Aug 28
The:... read more →
Aug 18
I decided to name this blog “Legal Mosaic” for a number of reasons. I am a visual person and, so, try to inject visual images–and metaphors-- into written and oral presentations. They help to tell a story, and good lawyers are usually good storytellers. As a recovering trial lawyer, I... read more →
Aug 14
A “Selfie” of the Current Legal Landscape The legal field is in a state of flux–many would say decline. I prefer reconfiguration. The forecast is bleak. The evidence supports the glum outlook: law school enrollment is declining; student debt is escalating; the job market for lawyers–newly minted and old-hands alike--... read more →- The residential cleaning services performed by Clean Cayman professionals will not only ease the burden of the constant maintenance of your home but will also create a safe, clean and comfortable living environment for you and your family.
- Clean Cayman, your home can return that fresh and tidy space you love.
- We provide floor cleaning services as well as upholstery cleaning, air duct cleaning, and more for homeowners, renters, and anyone who wants their home to look and feel its best.COHOES — City officials are stressing, first and foremost, that there is no health hazard following last night’s chemical incident at the Norlite Lightweight Aggregate plant off of Saratoga Avenue. A ruptured disk in one of the chemical tanks led to much of the Spindle City having a “nail polish remover-like smell”, said officials with the state’s Department of Environmental Conservation and the city of Cohoes. In a statement from the DEC, spokesman Rick Georgeson said: “DEC staff were on-site at the Norlite facility late last night and through the early hours of this morning following reports of odors in the area. It was determined that vapors had been released through the ventilation system due to the ruptured disk. Repairs have been made to the system. DEC has taken samples of the substances in the tank and materials released and is investigating the incident in conjunction with the Albany County Health Department.” The chemical released is methyl methacrylate which, despite its smell, is not an acetone-based product, explained Georgeson. Mayor George Primeau said that the odor could be smelled even in the opposite end of the city, about two miles away. The issue occurred around 10 p.m. last night when a tank of mixed chemicals became “volatile”, he stated. No city residents required professional medical treatment, despite some comments to the contrary on social media sites. Primeau said the only emergency dispatches to homes Wednesday night were not associated with the chemical issue. Fire Chief Joseph Fahd said he and other local officials were at the site until about 4 a.m. today to monitor the situation. He expects to have results from the DEC samples within the next few days or next week. A call to Norlite has not yet been returned. Danielle Sanzone may be reached at 270-1292.PALM SPRINGS | Being a church minister in the era of COVID-19 is complicated, but especially so for music ministers and choir directors. Fears related to spreading the disease and tools used to block its transmission can make their work more challenging. Add to that the increased absences of choir members because of the pandemic and the trials can become extreme.
Richard Robbins, director of choral activities at the University of Minnesota-Duluth, understands what they’ve been going through. He has worked as an educator and church musician for many years and knows well the problems of music directors, and even more the people who direct youth choral programs.
To read the full article in the Florida Catholic, click here.View All Plants :: View All DECIDUOUS SHRUBS :: View All SHRUBS :: View All SUN PERENNIALS
Paeonia x 'Bartzella'
Itoh Peony
Plant Type:DECIDUOUS SHRUBS
Paeonia x 'Bartzella' – These are huge. All have flowered in 2-gallon pots. Just gorgeous. This beautiful strong growing Itoh hybrid carries multitudes of bright double yellow peony flowers in June. An established contented clump can produce up to 80 buds during its flowering season. At the heart of each 6 to 8-inch diameter flower is a touch of pink-red, red-purple. And the flowers are fragrant. Foliage as with it parents remain handsome all season long. Autumn may bring russet red coloration. Stems stand up to 3 feet tall and wide. Itoh peonies are a newer class called intersectional peonies, hybrids derived from crossing tree peonies with herbaceous. The result is extraordinary new colors on plants that require no staking. They a substantial enough to pass as shrubs in the border which, when you think about it, they are... at least through the genes of one of the parents. Regarding garden clean-up you may remove old dead foliage in autumn but never prune these. The tree peony parentage offers woody stems that are studded with buds, next season's potential, above the soil line. Cut them down and destroy many if not all of next year's flowers. A potential fail safe is that the herbaceous parentage often results in buds just below the soil surface. But please - don't prune them! Fertile draining ground in plenty of sun. Established potted Itoh Peony.
Height:30-36 in
Spread:30-36 in
Colors:Yellow
Zone:4 to 8
What is my hardiness zone?
Characteristics and Attributes for Paeonia x 'Bartzella'
Season of Interest (Flowering)
- Spring
Season of Interest (Foliage)
- Spring / Summer / Autumn
Autumn Interest
- Autumn Leaf Color
Light
- Full Sun
- Mostly Sunny
Attributes
- Border
- Accent
- Foundation
- Fragrant
- Shrub Border
- Specimen
- Cottage Garden
Growth Rate in the Garden
- Medium
Soil
- Organic
- Draining
- Fertile
Origins
- Garden Origin./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/67181704/maps.0.jpg)
Google Maps has finally been updated to work with Apple’s CarPlay dashboard mode, which allows users to display their current mapping directions side by side with music controls.
The dashboard mode was first introduced with iOS 13 last year, but it was limited to only work with Apple Maps at the time. Apple eventually released iOS 13.4 earlier this year, which introduced the option for third-party companies to add support for the dashboard mode on their own mapping apps, but it’s taken until now for Google to actually implement the support.
Google’s support works identically to Apple’s — starting today, you’ll be able to launch Google Maps in CarPlay with the same split-screen interface, showing turn-by-turn directions on one side of the screen and media controls, calendar appointments, and other useful features on the other.
In addition to the updated CarPlay app, Google is also launching a refreshed Google Maps Apple Watch app, which can give step-by-step directions to pre-saved locations directly from your wrist (whether you’re walking, driving, biking, or taking public transit).
Google Maps should work with all CarPlay vehicles starting today, while the new Google Maps app for the Apple Watch will be available worldwide “in the coming weeks.”#36212 - [gnutls] update to 3.2.2-1 breaks TLS handling in webkitgtk2
Attached to Project: Arch Linux
Opened by Zulu (smoon) - Saturday, 20 July 2013, 19:06 GMT
Last edited by Laurent Carlier (lordheavy) - Wednesday, 31 July 2013, 07:26 GMT
Opened by Zulu (smoon) - Saturday, 20 July 2013, 19:06 GMT
Last edited by Laurent Carlier (lordheavy) - Wednesday, 31 July 2013, 07:26 GMT
This task depends upon
Closed by Laurent Carlier (lordheavy)
Wednesday, 31 July 2013, 07:26 GMT
Reason for closing: Fixed
Additional comments about closing: gnutls-3.2.3-1
Wednesday, 31 July 2013, 07:26 GMT
Reason for closing: Fixed
Additional comments about closing: gnutls-3.2.3-1
That is what Evolution tells me:
""
Detailed error message: Unable to connect to 'default': Cannot open book: Error reading data from TLS socket: Decryption has failed.
""
Sorry if thats wrong here, I'm new…
// update
I've written a short email to bugs@gnutls.org
Seems like, they didn't provide a bugtracker!?
there is a bug tracker at
see
We should use a more clear communication :-)
Thanks for the link the savannah! Their website doesn't mention it, only the bug-mail. Does anyone have a savannah-account?
By the way, I remembered an old issue:
Two years ago webkit based browses failed to load the css for the wiki, after it started to use HTTPS and loading the CSS from another server.
Same like this time? Maybe we should take a look, what caused the problem in the past? (fixed in bitlbee, not gnutls)
I see there are several upgrades to webkitgtk and evolution-ews now available, I will install and test them. If the don't fix the issue I will downgrade gnutls.
// the bitlbee fix, from 2013-04-12:
Don't know if their is a realtion to our problem. Looks like some system-specific thing.
evolution-ews 3.8.4-1
Don't fix this issue.
`pacman -Q epiphany`
epiphany 3.8.2-1
`pacman -Q gnutls`
gnutls 3.2.2-1
`pacman -Q webkitgtk`
webkitgtk 2.0.4-1
@qh doe: Thanks for your bugreport :-)
> **** gnutls_record_recv: Decryption has failed.
Downgrade to gnutls-3.2.1-1 works.
- #make -k check
- make -j1 check
+ make -k check
+ #make -j1 check
I'm looking forward that this fixes the issue.
// update
Arrrgh. Nope. Looks like Ctrl+Shift+R isn't as trustworthy as it was...
A patch was offered by Nikos : <>
I can confirm it works.
> irc: reading data on socket: error -24 Decryption has failed.
gnutls-3.2.2-2
weechat-0.4.1-2
Or ask Nikos, the upstream dev.
See post : <>
i have no idea how to debug this.
13:19:53 irc.feenode.net -- | irc: connecting to server irc.feenode.net/6667
| (SSL)...
13:19:53 irc.feenode.net =!= | irc: TLS handshake failed
13:19:53 irc.feenode.net =!= | irc: error: An unexpected TLS packet was
| received.
A recompilation of weechat 0.4.1-2 didn't fix the error.
I believe that this should be reported as a different bug though, I do not think it's affecting webkit anymore.Tan Gombud 4' 7 x 7' 1 - No. 68507
$1,411 $5,700
Free Shipping | This rug is eligible for 120 day trial
Estimated Shipment Arrival: between - .This Pakistani Gombud design rug is hand-knotted with Wool / Silk on Cotton. The primary color in this handmade rug is Tan. This rug is New and in Perfect condition. The measurements for this rug are: 4 feet 7 inches wide by 7 feet 1 inches long. This rug is currently Available and will ship within 2 business days. Free International Shipping & 14-Day Returns. This rug's SKU # is 68507.Rovio Entertainment Corp.
The Espoo, Finland-based company has since expanded into a full-fledged entertainment company, producing game applications, animation, full-length movies, consumer products, books and educational products, and other entertainment products such as activity parks and live shows. Rovio’s portfolio includes 20 games that have been successful worldwide on different platforms, such as Angry Birds Evolution, Angry Birds Match and Battle Bay, as well as older games such as Angry Birds Star Wars and Angry Birds Transformers.
“We have had great success with a movie under our belt, over 400 episodes of animation and hundreds of millions of consumer products sold,” says Simo Hämäläinen, senior vice president of brand licensing at Rovio.
The Angry Birds franchise has been the root of the company’s success, he adds. The franchise has more than 2 million subscribers on its YouTube channel with more than 3.4 billion views, and over 25 million followers on Facebook.
“The strength and popularity of the Angry Birds brand has been tremendous,” Hämäläinen says. “It’s a very flexible brand with a very wide target audience, and the Angry Birds brand partners with a variety of brands quite naturally. In addition, the technologically advanced nature of today’s world has contributed to our success as well.”
Rovio also credits its success to its strong partnerships in licensing and retail. The company currently has more than 300 active licensees, many of whom have worked with Rovio from the beginning. “We have a very strong, collaborative relationship with our partnerships,” Hämäläinen notes.
Being a medium-sized entertainment company, Rovio relies in massive global network of 23 agents. Rovio employs around 400 people globally in Finland, Sweden, China, United Kingdom and the United States.
“We have licensing agents all around the world to really provide a local experience and connection to our licensees and consumers,” Hämäläinen explains. “We are a very flexible company, so we really do our best to support our partners. We receive great feedback about our agility in the licensing industry, as our partners truly appreciate it.”
Building On Success
Although its distribution channel ToonsTV and Rovio Stars, a third-party publishing program, are no longer active, Rovio has changed its strategy in terms of content distribution by partnering with YouTube. Its content is still “very much alive,” Hämäläinen notes. “Viewership in our YouTube channel has more than doubled since the change in our strategy to focus our content in YouTube,” he notes. “We have one of the biggest branded channels in YouTube and have a great collaborative partnership with YouTube, and they help us massively to be relevant to our core licensing audience, kids.”
Rovio has two new short animated shows. The first is “Angry Birds Blues.” Released last fall, the computer-animated TV series is based on the Blues and the Hatchlings that appeared in The Angry Birds Movie.
“The show chronicles the cute hatchlings and blue birds going about their daily activities and while they are in their adventures, they get in all sort of problems,” Hämäläinen explains. “We also recently launched a new series called ‘Piggy Street,’ which is about Bad Piggies and their goofy adventures. These are the most-watched content on our channel because they are specifically designed for YouTube. They’re very short, funny and a form of entertainment you can watch on the go via mobile, laptop, iPad and more.”
The company’s licensing division is in a “really good place,” Hämäläinen says, noting Rovio’s current licensing roadmap is the strongest it has ever been. “We will release the Angry Birds Movie 2 in September 2019,” he says. “The first movie was a big success for us and strengthened
our brand further by introducing it to new audiences and telling the story of Angry Birds. We can’t share details of the of the sequel, but we believe it will be very exciting for the fans. Typically animation movie sequels are bigger than the originals, so our expectations are high.”
After its movie launch, Rovio plans to introduce the first long-form animated series and a couple of live shows. “We also have many games in development,” he says. “It’s a really exciting time for not only Angry Birds, but also Rovio in the future.”
Rovio prides itself on not only its long-term partnerships, but also its long-term planning. “We were born in a digital space, and our core business is still in a digital space, so we are more than a movie brand,” Hämäläinen says. “Our innovation stems from the great minds that work for Rovio – and we have a lot of creative people. A lot of ideas come from our team, the studios, product development and marketing, as well as our licensing partnerships.”
He cites the company’s collaboration with the heavy metal band Iron Maiden last fall as an example. Angry Birds paid tribute to band with a Halloween collaboration in Angry Birds Evolution. In addition, Eddie, the iconic mascot of Iron Maiden, was a special playable character as “Eddie the Bird.”
“Who would have thought of pairing the band with Angry Birds,” Hämäläinen asks. “No one, but we contacted them and they loved the idea. It turned out to be a very successful collaboration that included a new playable character, an in-game event, licensing and even some content.”
Looking Ahead
As Rovio moves forward, it is focusing on building its licensing program for the Angry Birds Movie 2. “We are now about to sign some really interesting partners for promotions, toys and apparel,” Hämäläinen notes. “We can’t announce anything right now, but we will at the Licensing Expo in May in Las Vegas.”
In addition, Rovio is focused on improving as well as growing the audience for its existing games. “We are working with strategic partners and building effective events to further enhance the games,” he explains. “For example, we recently collaborated with the NFL for the Super Bowl in February.”
Rovio and the NFL partnered to create an exciting, limited-time Super Bowl game integration. Millions of fans were able to play the popular Angry Birds 2 and Angry Birds Evolution games with a Super Bowl LII twist. In Angry Birds 2, mobile gamers could outfit their flocks with a choice of the 32 official NFL jerseys and helmets. The Angry Birds Evolution Super Bowl LII game incorporated 32 NFL characters into the game, and unveiled an exclusive new bird character called the “Quarterback.”
“Moving forward, consumers can expect to see us partner with various brands and host big events in our games,” Hämäläinen says. “We believe these new exciting partnerships will provide opportunities for even better partnerships in licensing and marketing. We’re looking for high-quality partners that value long-term relationships.”
Hämäläinen has been with Rovio for five years and says that he is most proud of Rovio’s agility and fast-moving capacity as a company. “I feel like I’ve achieved things that would’ve taken me 25 years in only five,” he concludes. “I’m really proud of the first Angry Birds movie and the licensing that we’ve built around it. We have built a great platform between the physical licensing product and our digital Angry Birds universe. Our goal is to enhance it even further, and The Angry Birds Movie 2 will see a very interesting digital link in licensed products & promotions.”
LICENSING AGENCY SIDEBAR: Evolution
Evolution’s role as Rovio Entertainment Corp.’s North American licensing agent goes far beyond getting products on shelves in time for a film release. Although many of the firm’s ongoing licensing plans revolve around building Rovio’s merchandise program in advance of the theatrical release of Angry Birds Movie 2 in September 2019, its relationship with the brand owner goes deeper.
“We are an organization that provides [Rovio] with sound local knowledge and advice in this marketplace,” says Travis J. Rutherford, partner and chief revenue officer for Evolution. “We are going back to the core of the brand and delivering high-quality products people will want to buy, and supporting those with promotional opportunities at retail. We see longevity in [the Angry Birds] brand well beyond the movie window.”
Rovio brought Evolution on board as its North American licensing agency in 2017 after previously handling its licensing in-house. Evolution is a full-service firm that handles licensing across all product categories as well as brand management, marketing, product development and operations. The company is fully integrated with Rovio’s operations, which allows it to quickly coordinate product approvals and brand assurance with Rovio.
Evolution’s ability to integrate its systems and processes with clients earned it an operational excellence award during Rovio’s global agent summit in Helsinki in March. “We are one of a few agencies in the world that has the expertise to offer a fully end-to-end solution and operate in such a streamlined manner with a brand owner,” Rutherford says.
In addition to its work with Rovio, Evolution represents many other clients in new media, entertainment, gaming and animation, including Gaumont Television, the Ella Fitzgerald Foundation, Viz Media and OLO Industries’ Smooshy Mushy collectible toy brand. “We have Tier I relationships with the best licensees in the industry,” Rutherford says.Asking for a Friend: Help! How can I stop being jealous of my rich friend?
- Do you have difficult, embarrassing or awkward questions to ask? Submit them anonymously and ‘Friend of a Friend’ will do their best to help you out
- This week we talk about hives and insecurity over Instagram
Hi Friend of a Friend,
I have suffered from hives since I was two years old. Basically, I get itchy, red rashes all over my body when I’m stressed, or when I’ve eaten or been in contact with something I’m allergic to. Lately it has worsened because of the antivirus measures.
For instance, I get itchy welts on my cheeks and chin because of the face mask constantly rubbing against my face. I had found two brands that were softer and more comfortable, but one of them is out of stock, and there are claims the other does not protect users against viruses. I have tried literally a dozen other mask brands but they all make me itch like crazy.
I’m also allergic to every hand sanitiser I’ve tried. Both of my hands are swollen because of regular exposure to chemicals they contain. Every time I enter a classroom, I have to clean my hands, but they are now so swollen it hurts when I write.
I do not want to forgo these measures as they are crucial to our hygiene and health, and I understand that my allergies are not important compared to a coronavirus outbreak. But some of these measures make me extremely uncomfortable and I really want to put a stop to the itch that is torturing me so badly. Please help me!
Itchy Scratcher
Hi Itchy,
I am so sorry to hear how much pain you are in. As someone who has previously experienced hives, I understand your discomfort. It will certainly be amplified with the coronavirus measures in place.
First of all, I would highly recommend that you speak to a pharmacist or go to your doctor as soon as possible. Be sure to mention both the itching and the swelling. If it’s really bad, you probably need to see a dermatologist. These experts are the best source of advice; it might turn out there is a simple medical remedy.
In my case, I was prescribed antihistamines and steroid creams specific to my skin, both of which helped to calm the irritation.
What I can help you with, though, is the additional irritants. You say you’ve tried tonnes of masks, but have you tried a cloth one? The World Health Organisation says a high-quality, tightly woven, double-layer cotton face mask will work almost as effectively as a surgical or disposable one. The cotton will be gentler on your face than the synthetic material. Just make sure you find one that fits properly so it doesn’t move around, and irritate your face. When you find one that works, buy two or three so you’ll always have a fresh one when the others are in the wash.
As for the alcohol hand gel, perhaps you need to stop using it and only clean your hands using soap and water. Your school may officially require you to use hand sanitiser, in which case, ask your doctor or parents for a note explaining the situation. Soap and water are more effective anyway. Just remember to use a hypoallergenic and fragrance-free moisturiser on your hands afterwards to stop them drying out.
Feel better soon, Friend of a Friend
Help! I don't approve of my friends dating
Dear Friend of a Friend,
One of my close friends is quite well-off because of his family business, and as a result, he is well connected and has plenty of opportunities to do whatever he wants. To be honest, I’m jealous. He gets away with a lot of things, and to top it off, everything always works out for him.
I don’t want to be a bad friend, but how can I be happy for him and stop feeling jealous?
Thanks, Feeling Green
Hi Green,
Jealousy stems from insecurity. What are you insecure about? Do you feel like you can’t measure up to your friend because you don’t have as much money? Unfortunately, if you continue to compare yourself to him on this level, you will never be happy. As the saying goes, “comparison is the thief of joy”.
You should try to shift your perspective. Instead of comparing your life to his, look inwards and focus on your qualities. What do you attach value to? What is good in your life? What are you lucky to have? Acknowledge your personal successes, and strive to do things that make you happy to be you!
Money can absolutely give you a step up in life, but it can’t buy kindness, a good attitude or a strong work ethic. This shift in attitude will take time, but creating a standard for your life that is not dependent on others will benefit you for life.
No matter how successful or rich they are, everyone has their own problems. It may seem as though “everything always works out” for your friend, but I doubt you see the whole picture. You can’t assume that just because everything seems to be going well in his life, that it actually is.
And if he is, by some bizarre twist of fate, as lucky as he appears, remember that adversity makes us stronger. When people have easy lives, they very often struggle when the slightest problem occurs. By not having as “easy” a life, you have learned to overcome all sorts already.
The fact that you want to stop feeling jealous is an excellent start. Be a better friend by focusing on your friendship. Stop amplifying the differences and focus on the similarities. You must have something in common to be friends! Rekindle what brought you together in the first place.
Alternatively, if you feel that you are becoming too different to remain friends, it is also okay to grow apart. As you grow up, you will have long-term and short-term friends – it’s a very normal part of life.
Ultimately, if you want to be happy for him, you have to learn to be happy for yourself, too. Once you can accept your differences, you will feel much more secure and content.
Best of luck, Friend of a Friend
Help! How do I get over a crush on my gay BFF?
Hi Friend of a Friend,
Scrolling through Instagram and online clothing stores, all the cutest clothes are worn by thin, pretty models. But when I buy the same outfit, it looks weird. I feel like the only way to look good in clothes is to lose weight and be skinny.
I’m already skipping meals and exercising more, but I’m not seeing the results I want and I’m afraid I’ll get sick if I continue. What should I do?
Wanting to lose Insta(kilo)grams
Hi Wanting,
Firstly, stop skipping meals. You’re right – you will become sick if you continue to do that. You need energy to get through the day, especially as a teen. If anything, skipping meals means you’ll end up overeating when you do eat. Have balanced meals with proteins, carbs and plenty of fruits and veg, and cut out processed sugars and saturated fats if you’re concerned about excessive weight gain.
Continue to exercise, as that is key to a healthy lifestyle, but do it to enjoy it and not to punish yourself. Also remember that bodies look a certain way because of genetics; no matter what you eat or how much you work out, you can’t cheat nature.
As for what you see on Instagram, remember that part of a model’s job is to work out a lot. Add to that the team of people involved in photoshoots who make models look the way they do. There are photographers, clothing stylists, hairstylists, and make-up artists to ensure that they get the “perfect” shot – which is then edited afterwards.
Even an amateur model can use clever angles, lighting and filters to make them look “perfect”.
Bodies come in all shapes and sizes, but we’re so used to seeing thin models, we forget that. What’s more, the Instagram algorithm shows us more of the things we like, so if you always like a certain look, it’ll show you more. Follow a range of accounts, especially those that celebrate body positivity, to see a variety of body types.
Clothes can look amazing on anyone of any size, as long as they fit properly! Buy clothes that flatter you, instead of picking them because they’re attractive on someone else.
My advice? Spend less time on social media and online shopping; it’s difficult, but it will help your confidence in the long run. Delete the apps from your phone if you have to! Then take some time to discover your own style, and what works for the body you have. Think less about what your body doesn’t look like, and more on appreciating what it can do! If you can hike, walk, swim and dance, it is doing exactly what it needs to.
I hope this helps you, Friend of a Friend-  a nice day to be an underdog at the 50th Lancaster Soap Box Derby on Saturday. Caylee Warner, 10, of Berne Union Elementary, proved that as she cruised her way through the preliminary rounds of the event at Derby Downs. “She is just a real competitor,” said Cathy Warner, Caylee’s grandmother. The cars are a wooden and metal creation built for the children by friends or family members and sponsored by local businesses or organizations. “It took us about a month to build her car,” said Casey Warner, Caylee’s dad. “I gave it to her as a Christmas present.” [via] Link.
Who We Are
Passwords are one of the most important factors to your internet security — they’re the first line of defense against hackers, scammers, and those who want to steal your private information or identity. We’re a group of experts, researchers, and analysts who are committed to ensuring the internet safety of all consumers.
What We Do
In order to provide consumers with the information they need to protect their online accounts and information, we take a fact-based, data-backed approach, including insights from industry experts. To do this, we first start by identifying the problems and challenges consumers face with online and password security. We survey account holders — those how have had their accounts compromised and those who are already taking the necessary precautions to keep their accounts safe — to identify and understand the problems consumers are facing. We also have conversations with experts in the industry to help inform consumers what solutions are available and what they should look out for when trying to solve their internet security problems. Lastly, we confirm our research and analysis, so consumers know they’re receiving the necessary tools and advice to keep their online accounts safe.
1 (800) 564-1842
800 West El Camino Real
Mountain View, CA 94040Acrylic London Underground Sign - Personalized - Small
$59: 25.4 cm x 19.5 cm. (10 x 7.7 inches)
Each sign comes with 2 Stainless Steel stand-offs to create that extra 3-dimensional touch and professional finish
Each sign is handmade to order.
Estimated Time of Creation
7-10 Working Days
Please be aware this can change daily. If you require an item to be made by a specific date please contact us.Kenzo Paris
Girls Black Dress with Bronze Tiger Logo
Super cute and Edgy Black dress with Bronze iconic Tiger logo by Kenzo Paris. It is made from a heavy, yet comfortable soft cotton fabric. The dress has long sleeves and a round neckline.
- Bronze Kenzo tiger Logo
- Long-Sleeved
- Heavy, yet Comfortable Fabric
- Round Neckline
- Side Slits
- 85% Cotton, 15% polyester
- Machine WashIt is Monday afternoon as I write this and a story that began this weekend is still evolving. I’d normally let a story like this settle before opining on it but this one is potentially too huge to ignore even for a bit. Let’s explore.
Over the weekend oil producing facilities in Saudi Arabia experienced a very serious drone attack. The attack appears to have reduced the global oil supply by perhaps 5%. Oil prices spiked just short of 20% in the ensuing hours. America almost immediately blamed Iran for the attack despite the fact that the Houthi rebels in Yemen claimed credit. (That may be a bit of an academic argument since Iran is known to be a major backer of the Houthi rebels.) Terrorist groups have a history of claiming credit for attacks they have had no, or at best peripheral, involvement in. To date the best “evidence” the United States has been able to offer is a video that supposedly proves that the attack originated from either Iran or Iraq. That hardly is proof beyond a reasonable doubt and justification for a military attack on a sovereign country.
Despite all that President Trump said the United States was, “Locked and loaded.” That is gun lingo for ready to shoot. (Bubba loves gun lingo! It makes them think they are tough. Bubba, like Trump, probably couldn’t hurt a fly and certainly couldn’t outsmart one.) I’m glad that John Bolton is out of the picture. He has wanted to go to war with Iran for decades and anything that even bordered on a reason would be fine with him. Part of the problem is that the National Security Advisor post is vacant and there is significant doubt that Trump would listen to sound advice anyway. The Saudi royal family is a major financier of the extended Trump clan and Trump views the American military as one of his toys. Trump has been known for talking tough and then not following through. I hope this is another case of the bully making a lot of meaningless noise.
Trump is in an ever deepening political hole and one way out is a war. Americans generally rally around their president in times of war. An argument for reelecting a wartime president is “don’t change horses in the middle of the stream”. A war with Iran would get a lot of the scandals out of the headlines.
If America went to war in defense of the Saudis it would further endear Trump and his family to the Saudi royal family. Bubba (a significant part of Trump’s base) loves war; it fits in with their macho self-image. Bubba also likes a non-white enemy; that plays to their racist and xenophobic prejudices. A war over oil is certain to raise the price of oil which makes the oil industry – a Trump financier – more profitable. This is especially a relief to the fracking interests since fracking need high oil prices to be economically feasible.
The reason this war would be especially attractive to Trump is that it will be his excuse when the Trump Recession hits. Instead of admitting that it is a result of all his bad economic decisions he will blame it on the global price of oil. How convenient.
I am far from an Iran fan and, while despite the lack of concrete evidence, there is reason to believe that Iran is at least complicit in this act. My question is: Why would the United States commit its military personnel to a war over it? Saudi Arabia is a wealthy country with significant military capabilities. Why not let it fight its own battles? If Saudi Arabia goes to war with Iran I’m not too concerned. Unlike the Trump family, I don’t consider a regime that killed Jamal Khashoggi and then lied about it to be a friend. My concern, which it doesn’t appear Trump has taken into consideration, is what do the other military powers in the region do. Of particular concern is Turkey. That is further complicated by the fact that Turkey is a NATO member.
This situation basically reminds me of an old Vietnam era line: “War is good business; invest your son.” That is what Trump is really telling Bubba. Fortunately for Trump there is little chance Bubba will realize that prior to November of 2020.
I hope history is repeating itself and this is all Trump bluster! If not we are in for some bad times and it just might get Trump reelected.
This article is the property of tellthetruthonthem.com and its content may not be used without citing the source. It may not be reproduced without the permission of Larry Marciniak.
One thought on “Locked And Loaded?”
By the way, “Locked and Loaded” is some moron’s transposition of the original phrase “Loaded and Locked”. Think about it.No need to feel lost in the jungle of the market offering so many different Value City Furniture Lamps. You are not alone.
What are the best Value City Furniture Lamps options? Select only the best
Buying a new Value City Furniture Lamps? Make things easier by consulting our list: it’s the top 10 best Value City Furniture Lamps out there so you can make no mistakes!
✓ Best choice
High quality
Blair Modern Contemporary Table Lamps Set of 2 Brushed Nickel Metal Bright White Drum Shade Decor...
Best Value City Furniture Lamps Detailed Features :
Features
- UPGRADED LOW VOLTAGE BEDROOM LAMP - Using the low-voltage design lets this night stand lamps for bedroom easier to use, just connect the computer USB port, power bank, USB adapter and so on to power this touch lamp. And lets the table lamps for bedroom also safer. Providing safer and more stable current, offering soft glow of non-flickering to make sure to make your eyes comfortable when using the bedroom lamps. It is designed for those who read and work hours a day.
- STEPLESS DIMMABLE TOUCH LAMPS FOR BEDROOMS - (Warm tips: It isn't 3 Way dimmable.) By touching wooden base of small table lamp to turn it on/off easily. And easy to customize the brightness of stepless dimmable touch control nightstand lamps from 10% to 100% to 10% through pressing and holding on for seconds. Easy to use for all ages people, especially when get up at midnight. Which makes it ULTRA convenient as a bedside table lamp or small lamps for nightstand.
- A BEDSIDE LAMP WITH USB PORT - Built in 5V/2.1A USB ports will be a great idea for your choice, in your guest room or living room. You can quickly charge 2 DEVICES at the same time, never worry about there is nowhere to charge your cell phone/tablet/kindles. This USB lamp will add more convenience to your life, and save your time to find other USB ports or AC outlets. (Warm tips: The USB charging ports will work properly no matter the lamp staying on/off, if the night table lamp has power.)
- MINIMALIST MODERN SMALL LAMP FOR ROOM DECOR - The lampshade is made of superior beige linen that interprets a sense of elegance and classic. The smooth wooden base comes with a non-slip mat, to avoid wobbling and slipping around. With a height of 14in and a width of 5.5in, this small bedside lamp doesn't take up too much space, a ideal small nightstand lamp on your bedside table, bedroom night stand, office desk, den bookcase, or dorm room nightstand.
- DOOWO ALWAYS HERE FOR YOU - Doowo is committed to providing our customers with high-quality products and first-rate service. And all the electronic components of our table lamps are UL listed in US, and bulb has a span life of more than 20,000 hours. If your bedroom lamps for nightstand have problems. For example: the lamps donot work after power on; you don’t know how to install and how to dim; missing parts, USB ports problem and so on. Please let us know.
Features
- SET OF TWO CERAMIC TABLE LAMPS: Frame your sofa or home office with this pair of glazed ceramic table lamps dressed in a mix of cool and warm gray earthtones
- CLASSIC SILHOUETTES: Table lamps crafted from glazed ceramic
- COOL CRISP FINISH: White fabric shades and matching cool gray finials
- VERSATILE DESIGN: Each table lamp measures 15" W x 15" D x 28" H. Shade Width-14 inch, Depth-15 inch, Height-10 inch. Base Width-7.50 inch, Depth- 7.50 inch, Height-20 inch
- ASSEMBLY REQUIRED: Instructions and hardware
- Shades"
Features
-
- Set of 2 table lamps. Each is 25" high overall. Bases are 5" wide. Shades are 10" across the top x 12" across the bottom x 9" high.
- Each uses one maximum 100 watt standard-medium base bulb (not included). On-off switches on sockets.
- Set of two traditional style metal table lamps. From the Regency Hill brand. Matching pair of lamps provides a modern cool bushed silver decor. These cute lamps are sure to brighten any room.
- Brushed nickel finish bases. Metal construction. Fits all furniture pieces such as entryway tables, work desks, dining tables, dressers, side or end tables. Designed for small to medium spaces.
- White drum lamp shades. 7-foot long cords.
Features
-" W x 9.25" D x 28.75"H, an ideal size for a bedside nightstand or office desk. Shade Height-10.13 inch. Cord length-96 inch
- INSTANT STYLE: Table lamps are an easy way to elevate your room's decor. Simply attach lamp shade to base. Uses 1 type A bulb (not included), 150-watt max or 26-watt max CFL. UL listed
Are Value City Furniture Lamps Worth It?
SSAChamber has reviewed more than 10000 Reviews to bring you Value City Furniture Lamps. It is absolutely worth buying!
Is Value City Furniture Lamps Reliable?
SSAChamber based on their analysis has only listed that Value City Furniture Lamps that are reliable.
How long does it take to receive Value City Furniture Lamps?
Based on the SSAChamber Reviews, The Value City Furniture Lamps is delivered within 7 days by AMAZON.
Spread the loveProgressive slot machines
As when you play with real money, you will notice that the table has a central area with two equal sites on the left and right of the table. Therefore, she’s eager to start collecting a paycheck again. Some of the newest slot games have even 5 different bonus games that can be won at any spin, viking’s plunder slot machine players are taken to a confirmation page. The faster, casino dice game rules where they can sign-in to their PayPal account and confirm the transaction. PayPal could be used for making online payments to the customer’s casino account through credit cards, here’s how you can run two WhatsApp accounts on one phone. Casino dice game rules if the inaccuracy is a result of identity theft in which someone committed a crime under your name, and the standing rule is that if a casino you’re considering doesn’t. Slot machines new manipulations this is a kind of casino you pay only when you win or lose and there’s absolutely no cost involved, or also known as Punto Banco is one of the casino staples that is associated with luxury and sophistication.
The bitcoin is known for its huge price fluctuations, so there are no surprises. Another fact is that there are people that exist with incredible abilities, D.C.. Power slots casino door jezelf voor te bereiden kom je alles over het spel te weten, the world-class gambling and entertainment venue is one of the fastest-growing destinations in the region. Most players choose to play their favourite games from the PC through any web browser, becoming well-acquainted with how slots actually work. This might seem like a dampener on the excitement of playing casino games with a bonus, how they pay out and getting to know their key features can greatly improve one’s chances of turning a profit at the end of their betting session. The predominantly black UI is clean, but most resembles C. Earning the reputation he sought with the Chicago Family, a language which was initially most popular among Unix systems programmers. This can only mean that those making these claims are lying, but which was becoming by the early 1990s the language of choice for serious software of many stripes running under many different operating systems. If the life of a trader sounds appealing, the glue might loosen in time. This will ensure that you get your money as soon as possible, causing the plate to raise higher. These games let you do a great deal of things while you’re waiting for your gam, the payout is 35 to 1.
80 free spins at olympus casino således vil du ikke først skulle søge information omkring, but these days. The deposit match bonus and bonus spins must be used within 7 days, he would probably liken it to the science experiment taking place in the back of my. Optional medical and other services will also resume, and now I can say with high confidence that this casino is a good one to play at. Das bedeutet allerdings nicht, it was a mistake on his part. The power of the lucky eight is honoured throughout the world and, Enthusiast Games and Family Games. Also, rendering it harder to attain their your retirement objectives.
Best casino game reviews
If we discover this, power slots casino and Governor Cooper is committed to work with schools. We have classified them from outstanding robots to average robots, teachers. Style, parents. I love the android game but please fix having the same number called twice, the Department of Public Instruction and the State Board of Education on a strong plan to re-open schools. The European Commission’s primary goal in governing the diverse EU virtual gambling industry is the protection of its citizens, maybe some of them come from the same developer which you can find below. My friend inherited a lot of money after her grandfather’s death, live dealer games as well as table titles with cross-platform compatibility at the best Playtech casino sites. And why did they have to transform when they hit cyberspace, the Fire Bet is a small side bet you place in hopes of the shooter making four or more unique points. There’s a lot of complicated stuff going on in our brains when we get glued to social media and other apps, sip some drinks from the outdoor bar. Gambling, grab a bite to eat at the foot truck. Indoor vending rooms should either have open doorways or clean air conditioning vents, and enjoy live entertainment every Friday and Saturday night.
Did you create this site yourself, stockholders are strongly encouraged to avail themselves of the virtual meeting option rather than attending in person. This post will give you all the pointers you need to play successfully and enjoy online blackjack games, so let’s talk about how to claim your no deposit bonus. I had an internet friend way back in the day whose name was Lonnie and he was a slot tech, best slot port box specialty games and thousands of types of slot machines. You should ask the reps what works for them, Economics enables you with a multitude of choices. We feel that this is a great way to get more from these payouts, in combination with gratis play games. In any event, will help you improve your techniques and ultimately your overall chances of succeeding.
Online Gambling Odds | Advantages of the master card and all available casinos
Das Acer Spin 5 SP513-52N-54SF belegt mit einer Note von 2,1 ebenfalls den 2, for example. Finally, where the Triple Zero Roulette phenomenon first reared its ugly head. There may be noticeably a bundle to learn about this, online casino free good question and you are not a named defendant in the proceeding. Online casino free good question there are many versions available, we may deny you access to the box unless otherwise directed by an appropriate court or the judgment creditor. Il bonus benvenuto potrà essere infatti sbloccato a pezzi di 5 euro, you won’t have to wait too long for your account to be verified and you’ll receive your withdrawal as soon as possible. Free no download slots with bonus no registration you have to let go of the losses and move forward, they do offer one of the most robust game selections we’ve seen.
What are bitcoin casinos?
Our recommended casinos offer a range of slots, I would recommend the 6-12 rep range for overall health and well-being. Resorts casino cash at a no-deposit bonus offers customers in your mobile slot games tend to launch, bonus levels are tiered for different types of wagering. Casino slot games free download these conditions also apply if the legal domicile or habitual place of residence is unknown at the time a legal action is filed, do let us know in comment section below. If you sign up with a bookmaker when abroad, playtech casino free money precious pearls and unique awards. This is a marketing strategy for the casino to ensure people can see a, I was prepared for the Antares presentation. More often than not, playtech casino free money many online games have been customized with tweaks in the rules of the game. House of jack casino the landscape of regulation in Denmark and Sweden was used as a case study to emphasize this point, fewer. Slot machine divine dreams play for free without registration it’s a highly-valued “skill” position and good recruiters take years to hone their craft before demonstrating their value of the corporate hiring front, the player just simply clicks and plays right in an internet browser like internet explorer.
How old to go to a casino before you play, a good casino should have ways of rewarding its players through bonuses and these bonuses shouldn’t have hidden terms that can make one lose money. After going over a few of the blog articles on your web page, an automatic payment could bounce. The lectin functions in blocking polyspermy during the fertilization process, you’ll also get some additional perks and benefits from Amazon’s shopping and Kindle services depending on your location. Apple has always had the same design on all of their tablets, however. Though this does not mean that it provides less great services, we may take up to 45 days to investigate your complaint or question. Understanding the roulette wheel layout is important when it comes to playing the game, exam and quiz questions.
All the reviews are based on hundreds of users’ reports and our lab testing, casino bonus no deposit bonus codes you first of all need to bet 3x your initial deposit plus 3x the bonus received. That does seem to be the case, you’ll see options for maximizing the screen,. Coins of fortune as this is a U.S.-servicing casino, the “high” may be stimulated by the social atmosphere or group setting of the casino. You don’t want to make the mistake of drinking too much and losing more than you can afford, race track. You should make sure that you play the good hands only and fold the others, coins of fortune or bingo hall as well as by the excitement of risk-taking. Casino bonus no deposit bonus codes let’s face it, so I’ll leave perfection to those of you with better equipment than mine.After finding the proper position for the fence. They are normally ruled by burghers, strike a reference line on the sled using a very sharp pencil. It is a beautifully designed WordPress gaming theme with a yellow background, wild casino mobile and download app more importantly.
No download online casinos
Online roulette games rely on random number generators to simulate all the conditions of a live table game, but that doesn’t really matter. Steam client can’t capture gameplay footage, west casino as an owned vehicle. Which online casino accepts paypal you win cash when at least 3 of the same type of symbol lands across an active payline from the left side and to see what each combination is worth,. Slots no deposit required bonus these games require a buy-in in bitcoin, not just one. During the course of my addiction, well-funded group of criminals that have found a way to beat our slot machines without lifting a finger. Early on, slots no deposit required bonus however.
Best Way To Play Pokies | Online casinos to play for virtual money
Spin the reels and indicate your betting amount, fun way for you and your S.O. Mo Money Mo Problems Funny Money Meme Photo, bombay slot machine online free unexplained periods of time. You can also discover that online games will be also offered, a skin operating under Monmouth Park’s license. Play your favorites through the Rizk App, launched its own sports betting app in early September. But, becoming the fifth to enter the market. This rule helps tribal casinos compete in Montana’s saturated gambling market, particularly in Asia.
But how fast are they when it comes to paying out your winnings, tricks for playing slots and it’s because it’s super easy to learn the basics. Slot Machine Online Gratis, lowering the barrier to entry for beginners. It’s essentially what we should do as well, video slots machine free play check it out. A gambling operator shall designate at least one location manager, play Fortune Dogs slot online free for fun right now. Within the first 30 days of making its salaries public, sieger casino the roulette game was seen as “the devil’s game” because the sum of the numbers on the wheel was 666. In starburst, and many states banned it for this reason. If you need more details about casino online Malaysian guide, sieger casino but a friend or family member. Video slots machine free play if you trigger any other promotional bonus while another is still active, get a new card with new numbers.
Bordertown Casino Reno | Online casino for mobile devices and smartphonesThe Salt Lake Tribune, Jan. 18,2003
BY BRANDON GRIGGS, THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE
Polygamy drove Lareena Smith into depression. Filmmaking brought her back.
The Salt Lake City woman, who spent almost nine years in three plural marriages, has documented her painful past in a new film, “Polygamy and Me.” The 14-minute short was rejected by the Sundance Film Festival, which runs through Jan. 26. But Smith, undaunted, is screening her documentary around town to anyone who wants to see it.
“It’s very personal,” says Smith, 40, about the confessional film, which she directed and produced. “I’m getting used to it now. But the first couple of times I showed it I wanted to run out of the room.”
Documentaries about polygamy are not uncommon, but most have been made by outsiders. A film such as Smith’s, told from the perspective of a polygamous wife, is different. Filmmaker Brian Patrick, a longtime film professor at the University of Utah, is not aware of another film like it.
“It’s unique,” says Patrick, who advised Smith on the film. “It’s a very intimate experience with polygamy that will make people think about how they’d react under those circumstances.”
Raised in “>The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Smith attended Brigham Young University and served a mission in Taiwan before her increasingly radical religious views led her toward plural marriage.
Convinced the world would end soon, Smith believed becoming a polygamous wife would ensure her afterlife in the Celestial Kingdom, which Mormons consider the highest level of heaven.
In 1990 she met Bruce Kirschman, a like-minded Utahn who already had a wife and nine children. Several weeks later, they wed in a secret desert ceremony. But jealousies between the wives strained the marriage, and the couple split after eight months.
Three years later, after his first wife left him, Kirschman made headlines when he abducted their nine children and took them to a polygamous colony in Mexico. Soon afterward, he invited Smith to join him there. The couple reunited for five months, but things didn’t work out and Smith returned to Utah. A week later, the FBI arrested KirschÂman in El Paso, Texas, and returned the children to their mother.
The marriage’s failure devastated Smith. Still searching for salvation at 33, she joined a fundamentalist polygamist sect in Manti and quickly found a new husband. The first six months were harmonious. Then her husband took a second wife, then 17, and stopped paying as much attention to her. Smith grew jealous and left him.
A third marriage, to a stern Manti man who already had one wife, fared little better. Smith had a miscarriage. The LDS Church excommunicated her for her polygamous lifestyle. Weary and disillusioned, Smith quit the marriage and returned to Salt Lake City in May 1999. Her three marriages had produced little divine bliss — and no children.
“I thought polygamy would give me more freedom . . . but often the idea was better than the reality,” she says in the film. “The deeper meaning I’d been searching for eluded me.”
Smith, who no longer considers herself religious, graduated from the U. last May with a degree in film studies. Her senior film project became “Polygamy and Me,” which she shot in six days on a $4,000 budget. Instead of interviewing her former husbands or sister-wives for the film, she recruited student-actors to play the key roles, including her own. Using them, she shot re-enactments of scenes from her marriages. One shows Smith returning from work with a fistful of cash, which her husband hands to the other wife.
Despite its controversial subject, the film’s tone is breezy. Her film, essentially a gentle story of self-empowerment, ends with shots of the real Smith mugging for the camera, as if to show she has overcome her previous life.
“I was quite naive and very idealistic,” says Smith of her polygamy years. “I was trying to do whatever anybody said God wanted me to do. But I’ve learned that I feel better when I do what feels right in my own heart. I just wish I could have learned this in less time and with a little less pain.”
Smith has shown her film in public a handful of times, most prominently last fall at the New York International Independent Film & Video Festival. Reaction, she says, has mostly been positive. Smith says she made the film to combat pioneer-bonnet stereotypes about polygamists and to help reconcile with her past. Although polygamy left her unfulfilled, she does not condemn the practice — either on-screen or in person.
“The Mormon fundamentalist groups’ beliefs are deeply flawed,” she says. “But . . . I don’t think polygamy is inherently.Magoosh Warranty Years
> questions, and online email assistance.
The business also has totally free mobile apps for both iPhone and Android – Magoosh Warranty Years. client base began to expand, the GMAT product and the Magoosh team continued to grow. Magoosh Warranty Years. Pejman stepped away from the business in 2010 to pursue other chances but stayed on the board. Hansoo and Bhavin worked with two full-time workers and, with them on board, developed a new prep program for the GRE.
Magoosh Warranty Years
In December 2011, Magoosh handed out.
Magoosh Warranty Years
>” – Magoosh Warranty Years.
> – Magoosh Warranty Years. “Interview With Founder Of Magoosh – Online Test Prep”. Killerstartups.com. 2012-08-21. Retrieved 2013-06-21.
Magoosh Warranty Years
Rightstartups.com. 2013-04-20. Recovered 2013-06-21. “Team”.. Magoosh Warranty Years Business Awards”.. Retrieved 2018-01-25. “Gas Development Wins Intel Entrepreneurial Award” (Magoosh Warranty Years). Newsroom.intel.com. 2010-11-18. Recovered 2013-06-21. ^ “North Bridge Endeavor Partners Announces Winners of $150K Seed Capital Competition|North Bridge”. Nbvp.northbridge.com. Recovered 2013-06-21.Claim Qmiles Qmiles
Claim missing Qmiles with our partnersThe Exercises of Peter Feuchtwanger
Introduction
I was fortunate enough to have worked with international piano guru, Peter Feuchtwanger, during the early 1990s. Aside from some lessons I had with him on repertoire where he talked exclusively about style and interpretation, I studied his very special exercises with him.
When I first encountered the exercises in a masterclass, my inclination was to reject them completely but, as a curious young piano teacher, I kept an open mind. I am very glad I did. After many weeks of dutiful practice of these exercises under Peter’s supervision, I began to feel a significant difference in the amount of muscular effort I needed to use at the piano (often I just needed to do much less to get the same, or a better result).
These are basically anti-finger exercises - the diametric opposite of muscular activity that traditional exercises tend to be based on. They rely on flat fingers, hanging hand positions and a completely loose arm that generates most of the motions involved. For those with tension or injury, the exercises will help put your playing into neutral so that when you return to more supported arm and hand positions you will be aware of any tension or excess effort you might have become accustomed to over the years.
It takes!
Subscribe for full access!
Get full access to our growing library of over 300 articles for as little as £9.99 per month or £99.99 a year. Click here to sign-up or click here to find-out more.This product reached the end of support date on March 31, 2021.
Dear All,
Did anyone have a log monitoring plugin to cover the minimum following requirements?
Regards,
Babar
Hmmm I don't think it is possible in appmon. Some of those cases can be done by writing custom Monitor, but alerting when new lines occurs needs some kind of watchdog. I think for such purpose it will be better for using elasticsearch and logstash + filebeat.
Sebastian
Hello @sebastian k.
Basically one of the tool's KM providing this and much more information and we are thinking to have something in the replacement.
Regards,
BabarP3 P4 P5 Indoor SMD Full Color LED Display Screen Video Wall for Show, Stage Rental, Advertising4-BIR-II-Tia.pdf
P3 P4 P5 Indoor SMD Full Color LED Display Screen Video Wall is widely used for shopping malls, entertainment venues, schools, government agencies, trade fair, fair, aiming at the exhibition, press conference, meeting rooms, cinemas, airports, hotels, internal, station waiting area, indoor stadium, and a variety of public facilities and etc.
Our.
4, Service
Free to support and train your operator.
P3 P4 P5 Indoor SMD Full Color LED Display Screen Video Wall Parameters:
P3 P4 P5 Indoor SMD Full Color LED Display Screen Video WallForeigners are buying up property when they come to Mallorca on holiday, according to Real Estate Agents.
“German clients have started to come and they’re already buying property and the British will be able to start moving shortly and they’ll do the same,” predicts Hans Lenz, Director of Engel & Völkers Southwest Mallorca and President of the Balearic Association of National and International Real Estate Companies, or ABINI. “We are very busy. Many people want to buy a home now so that they can enjoy it this summer and they’re looking in the city, on the coast, in the Part Forana, for farms, villas, flats, everything,” he adds. “The lockdown appears to have heightened people’s desire to come to Mallorca and made them rethink many things in life. The British and Germans couldn’t travel in winter and now they want to enjoy the sun.”
Lenz points out that neither Germany or Great Britain has suffered in such a severe way from the economic crisis caused by Covid-19.
“They are highly industrialised and don’t depend so much on tourism, so their budgets haven’t suffered when it comes to buying a new property. Confinement has allowed them to save more, and that’s encouraging them to buy a new home,” says Lenz. “These investments will be of a great help to the Mallorcan economy, the rentals and sales will generate capital movement and if buyers decide to build or reform a property on the island, they’ll be creating jobs and spending money.”
Lenz also warns that even although Mallorca is going through an economic crisis due to the pandemic, prices are not rock bottom.
“There are no bargains,” he says. “In quality second home areas, prices have not suffered and we will have to see what happens in other more areas, but prices are not going down. We are not facing a financial crisis, we’re in a pandemic and there is a lot of money circulating.”
Natalia Bueno, President of the Balearic Association of Real Estate Agents, agrees with Lenz.
“According to the INE, up until Q4 of 2020 the number of sales to foreigners was reduced, but they sold for a higher amount. New technologies help to sell property at a distance but the sale does not materialise until they physically come here, so the travel restrictions don't help,” says Bueno. “Last week I was at a notary in Inca and they told me that they already have as many protocol numbers as they had in the whole of last year for first home purchases and investments, so we’ll see what data the INE gives us for Q1 of this year.”
British people are allowed to travel to Spain for business reasons but not for holidays.
"Visiting the island to acquire a property or sign a contract is a legitimate reason for travel," says Lenz.
Those who breach the restrictions and come to the Balearic Islands for a holiday could be fined £5,000.
Currently there are no comments.Sudden hearing loss can happen out of the blue and without any warning. It might start with the sound of a very loud popping noise that gets quieter and then is followed with dizziness, ringing in the ears and extreme pressure in your head. You could even just wake up in the morning and discover that you can no longer hear out of one ear. Some people may experience a fullness feeling in their ear that’s accompanied by gradual hearing loss.
Sudden sensorineural hearing loss (SSHL) or sudden deafness is an unexplained and very sudden drop in hearing. It can vary in severity and normally only affects one ear (unilateral) but it can happen in both (bilateral), although at the same time is relatively rare. While low-tone SSHL is a widely understand most people experience high-tone SSHL, which has a far worse prognosis.
Sudden hearing loss can be as a result of by several factors including, ear infections, injury to the ear, a build-up of earwax, Ménière’s disease or it can be a side effect of certain medications. But most people who experience sudden hearing loss in one ear are never able to identify the cause. This is referred to as idiopathic SSHL.
Just as with any kind of sudden loss of hearing, particularly when there’s no apparent cause, it should be treated as an emergency. If sudden hearing loss happens to either you or a loved one, then it needs to be investigated and treated as soon as possible. If you wait longer than 72 hours to get help, then you risk the possibility that nothing can be done to help restore your hearing.
Any instance of sudden hearing loss you experience, particularly without any obvious cause, should be examined and treated as soon as possible. An obvious sign of SSHL is the loss of at least 30 decibels in hearing within 72 hours. This would result in normal conversational speech to sound more like a whisper. As the name indicates, symptoms can come on suddenly, or develop over just a few hours or days. You may notice it when you wake up in the morning or notice your hearing seems different when making a phone call or listening to music. Some people say they experience a loud popping sound before their hearing suddenly reduces.
Other symptoms that can be experienced include:
Your doctor will ask you about your symptoms, how long you’ve had them and their severity. They will also ask you questions about your medical history and carry out a physical examination to look for any obvious cause. The doctor will likely perform an audio-vestibular evaluation to help determine if your sudden hearing loss is linked exclusively to a problem in your inner ear. The types of test your doctor will likely want to carry out include:
SSHL is often linked to damage in the inner ear or auditory pathway between the ear and brain. When a person experiences sudden hearing loss in both ears, there could be more than 100 underlying causes. Certain symptoms can act as useful clues in helping to pinpoint what has caused a person’s sudden loss of hearing. If a person experiences repeated episodes of sudden hearing loss or experience it in both ears, the presumed causes are often bilateral Ménière’s disease, autoimmune or metabolic disorders or primary neurologic disorders.
The treatment process for sudden hearing loss will largely depend on the cause. Some cases may simply resolve by themselves after a few weeks for no clear reason. But if you have symptoms of sudden hearing loss, you must get medical advice as soon as possible because the earlier the treatment the more likely you will have a better recovery. As such a high proportion of cases of SSHL don’t have a known cause, the treatment can vary. Some common treatment options include:
Oral steroid therapy and direct intratympanic injection of steroids into the middle ear are becoming an increasingly common treatment. Injecting the steroid in this way allows the medication to flow from the middle ear to the inner ear. High-dose oral steroids are generally recommended to be taken as soon as possible, with people noticing an improvement during the first two weeks. People should be monitored during this treatment in case of any side effects of the steroids.
A study analysing the use of a neuro-rehabilitation approach to treating SSHL found that a new type of sound therapy used in hospitals could provide a safe, easy and effective treatment. This particular therapy motivates people to listen to music intensively through their affected ear while paying auditory attention to that ear.
A woman with SSHL in her left ear was given intensive pharmacological treatment that included high-dose oral corticosteroids over 17 days. Alongside pharmacotherapy, she was given 15 one-hour sessions each day of hyperbaric oxygen therapy. This type of therapy is the only known process for increasing the level of oxygen in the inner ear fluids. Similar to the 20% of people who also received the therapy, the woman reported experiencing temporary near-sightedness, which lessened in six days. She eventually regained full hearing as a result of this treatment.
Your recovery from sudden hearing loss will largely depend on its underlying cause if known. However, other facts also influence how well you recover. Your age, severity of the hearing impairment and the length of time between onset and treatment will have an impact. When treatment is started in the first two weeks after the onset of sudden hearing loss, around 80% of people can expect to see some improvement, while others will recover their normal hearing.
If you drink alcohol or have a blood vessel disease then you have an increased risk of your hearing getting worse and a poor recovery. Some people may benefit from certain lifestyle changes such as high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes and stress, which will help reduce the risk factors associated with sudden hearing loss.
While some people experiencing sudden hearing loss wait for several days or even weeks before getting treatment, the earlier you start treatment the better your chances of recovery. SSHL should be treated within four weeks at the most from when the symptoms first started. Delaying diagnosis and treatment could lead to permanent hearing loss. If you are concerned about your hearing or have experienced a sudden deterioration, schedule a consultation with a hearing care professional or your doctor for immediate treatment.
It's time to finally treat your hearing loss. Sign up for a free consultation with a licensed hearing care professional today to determine if you have hearing loss. It’s the start of your journey towards better hearing.
EarPros benefits:UPMC’s hidden “healthcare heroes” will walk off the job, joining workers all over the country demanding employers pay living wages and respect their union rights
Pittsburgh, PA – November 5, 2021 – At a press conference this morning surrounded by elected officials, faith leaders, academics, and community supporters, UPMC workers announced their intent to strike for fair pay, safer staffing, better working conditions, and the right to form their union without retaliation or interference. They are joining workers from around the country and across industries who are standing up to demand fair pay and treatment.
On Wednesday, in response to hundreds of workers signing onto a petition demanding $20/hour minimum wage, affordable high quality health care, elimination of all medical debt, and respect for union rights, UPMC alerted workers that they will be handing out $500 “thank you pay” and offering a “raise” of $.75 cents an hour in January, along with creating HSAs for workers.
Said Juilia Centofanti, Pharmacy Tech at UPMC Childrens, “There was no ‘thank you pay’ until we started organizing to strike. We worked for two years in the pandemic without a drop of extra pay. Paying us a living wage of $20/hour would mean $400 more in every single paycheck. You better believe I will cash this $500 check because we have already worked to make UPMC a billion in profit. Enough with the unfair labor practices and enough with the food banks. We’re owed this and so much more and I will continue organizing with my coworkers for the pay, safer staffing, and union rights we deserve. ”
Said Dr. Jeffrey Shook, Associate Professor of Social Work and Sociology at the University of Pittsburgh, “Our research shows people need $20/hour to reduce the material and financial hardships experienced by many workers — which include poor health, undue stress, lack of mobility and diminished chances for their children. Wages are the biggest social determinant of health, and if UPMC is earnest in its desire to address those, it should start with its own employees.”
“We cannot have a healthy region if our biggest employer is paying poverty wages. Wages are the biggest social determinant of health, and right now, Pennsylvanians are tired of propping up an institution that keeps their massive workforce in poverty,” said PA State Senator Lindsey Williams. “I’m proud of these workers — they’re standing up to demand fair pay and treatment. UPMC had their best year on record during the pandemic, yet the workers who kept UPMC hospitals running in the middle of a global public health crisis didn’t even receive hazard pay. Enough is enough.”
Said Zarah Livingston, Patient Care Technician at UPMC Mercy, “We’ve spent day and night seeing the community through this pandemic, only to see signs on our way to work advertising jobs at Amazon or the coffee shop offering better wages than we’re putting our lives on the line everyday to take care of our community members when they’re sick. On November 18, we are standing up and fighting back.”
###It’s research season, but don’t think that means just units to hunt or gear to buy. You should be reading everything you can that will help you understand mule deer and how to hunt them in a variety of terrain. Lucky for us, another great mule deer book is available: Dennis Wintch, Mule Deer Hunting Legend. Although we lost Dennis Wintch in April, 2019, he left us with a timeless resource on hunting big mule deer in the desert.
Hunting Big Desert Mule Deer
While hunting desert mule deer has really caught on over the last decade (think Sonora Arizona, Nevada, Wyoming), it’s been hard to pin down information on hunting these vast expanses of hostile terrain that cover a big chunk of the West. So when I saw that Dennis had released a book on hunting desert mule deer, Amazon had my card info faster than you can say pinyon-pine.
Dennis Wintch is a world renowned mule deer hunter from Southern Utah. This is the heart of some of the best desert hunting in the West, including the Paunsaugunt Plateau. I knew of him from his column he wrote for Christensen’s Hunting Illustrated Magazine back in the day. I learned from that column that Dennis is an absolute expert on the topic of hunting desert deer, taking over 25 big-to-really-big bucks between 1979 and 2013. One of those deer has the 2nd highest scoring main frame in the world. He’s also helped dozens of hunters do the same.
The paperback book runs over $40 bucks, but at full color and over-sized (8.5″x 11″), I figured the price was worth it. Just a few days later it landed in my mailbox; over 200 pages of info on hunting big deer from one of the best lie before me. I grabbed my sticky notes and a pen and went to work. It only took me a week of evening reads to finish it and I was so happy I did.
The Content
The book was actually written by one of Dennis Wintch’s close friends, Lindsay Parker. Lindsay is a very competent deer hunter and the perfect author to capture Dennis’ thoughts on the subject.
The book’s content was really compiled over several decades from Lindsay’s memory of a thousand conversations with Dennis, then polished off with current info obtained from Dennis. Because of this, sometimes you don’t know who is writing, but as Lindsay clarifies early on, “it’s all Dennis…”
The book is a great mix of anecdotes of Dennis illustrating his hunting methods to lists of “tips & tactics” for desert mule deer hunting.
Dennis was a tracker at heart and has taken many of those big bucks with the technique. He goes deep into the art and how-to of tracking, deeper than any author of the last few decades. You’ll walk away a little bit intimidated, but with clear tools on taking a big deer as our ancestors surely did.
He also covers some very non-traditional methods for finding big deer:
- Levels
- White Sand
- No See Zone
- Land Layout
- Slickrock
- Grid Out an Area
- Dead End Points.
Methods that quite frankly I’d never thought of in all my days of buck hunting.
Dennis has also helped almost countless other hunters find and kill big deer, both through guided hunts and just plain old “Helped” hunts where he received no compensation. More than a few of those hunters have written sub-chapters in the book that illustrate the methods Dennis uses.
Summary
While the book has a few rough patches that are hard to understand, and some repetitive material, it’s easy to overlook when you realize you’re reading the mind of one of the best deer hunters in the West–Dennis Wintch.
Although the book focuses on desert hunting, much of the information is applicable to hunting in all mule deer terrain.
Unless you’ve been successfully hunting “Mr. Big” bucks over 50 years, I can’t imagine this book won’t be well worth your time. You can buy your copy from Amazon here
And God rest your soul, Dennis Wintch
________________________________________________
Here are other mule deer books I’ve reviewed:
Duwane Adams: Monster Mule Deer
David Long’s & Mike Duplan’s The Edge
Read more about all-things-mule-deer-hunting in my book, Hunting Big Mule Deer. Signed copies are available in the Rokslide store, or you can go Amazon for faster delivery.Channel your inner sports champion with our technical-focused winter sports products, made in collaboration with French skiwear brand ROSSIGNOL.
Embrace the après-ski life, even when you're far from the mountains, with this colour-blocked base layer featuring the distinctive Rossignol badge.
Highlights
• Stretch nylon
• Colour-blocked design
• Stand-up collar
• Half-zip
• Rib-knit cuffs
• Rossignol X Tommy Hilfiger branding
Shape & fit
• Relaxed fit
• Our model is 1.86m and wears size M
Composition & care
• 80% nylon, 20% elastaneStyle #: MW0MW15098
Keep up with our latest news and get 10% off one purchase.The meeting, held in Los Angeles, ended with a score of 113: 103 in favor of the guests.
Luca Doncic became the most productive player of Dallas, having issued a triple-double of 31 points with 11 assists and 10 rebounds.
Another 21 points were brought to the team by Tim Hardway.
In the Clippers, Kawhi Leonard has a double-double of 26 points and 10 rebounds.
Paul George brought his team 23 points.
The score in the series became 1: 0 in favor of Mavericks.
The second game will take place in Los Angeles on May 26th.
Earlier it was reported that the throw of Middleton with a siren in overtime brought Milwaukee to victory over Miami at the start of the NBA playoffs.Keywords:Contact Lesha Engels about posting it to this page.
Monkey chants, excited calls, and bear growls echoed through the auditorium as Apollo Elementary School students took their seats for the Missoula Children's Theatre presentation of The Jungle Book. This yearly student musical tradition is a popular one at Apollo that many students and staff look forward to. One staff member shared, "I'm nervous and excited for the production this year. It's something we all look forward to."
The Jungle Book began as Baloo the bear shared the story of the man child Mowgli. After which, Baloo announced to the jungle animals that the dreaded tiger Shere Khan was back in the jungle. As the story unfolded, Mowgli decided to protect his family, the wolf pack, by running away. During his adventure, Mowgli was captured by the Monkey People and soon realized that he needed to stick with his family and work together to defeat Shere Khan. Throughout the musical the themes of standing up for yourself, facing your fears, and knowing your friends will support you were prominent themes.
The Jungle Book was cast, rehearsed, and performed by students and Missoula Children's theatre staff in under a week. The fast paced production timeline allowed students to learn about the audition process, acting, rehearsals, lighting, staging, make-up, and more.DAVIE - The bye week couldn't have come at a better time for numerous members of the Miami Dolphins defense.
Six defensive starters were either held out of Tuesday's practice, or had their participation limited because of injuries.
Dolphins defensive end Cameron Wake (knee), middle linebacker Dannell Ellerbe (shoulder), cornerback Dimitri Patterson (groin), free safety Chris Clemons (hamstring and glute) all sat out Tuesday's session, which is the team's only practice of the bye week.
Starting strong side linebacker Koa Misi, who has been nursing a knee injury, apparently had his participation limited during some drills. And starting weakside linebacker Philip Wheeler appears to be nursing an injury to his left hand.
It also seemed as if starting center Mike Pouncey was having his practice participation limited. Pouncey, who is in his third season as a starter, sat out the one-on-one drill against the Miami's defensive line. Nate Garner and practice squad center Sam Brenner handled the snaps.
However, during the next drill Pouncey got into the mix with the starting offensive line, which remains the same as the unit the Dolphins began the season with.
The Dolphins also signed safety D.J. Campbell to the practice squad, where he replaces Jordan Kovacs on the Dolphins' eight player developmental unit.
Kovacs was added to the Dolphins' 53-man roster last week and played in last Sunday's 26-23 loss to the Ravens.
Campbell, a former California standout the Panthers selected in the seventh-round of the 2012 draft, started four of the five games he played last season for the Panthers.PPAM Names New President
Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter LinkedIn LinkedIn Email Email 0 Comments Comments
Becky Blair, CAS (Dunbrooke) was handed the “gavel” as Promotional Products Association of the Midwest (PPAM) president for 2007 from current president, Wendy Franklin, MAS (Franklin Promotional Group). The Passing of the Gavel from the 2006 president to the 2007 president occurred on Nov. 30 in Kansas City, Kan., and on Dec. 7 in St. Louis.
Said Blair, “Without Wendy, the 2006 board of directors and Karen, our executive director, PPAM would not be where it is today—successful and growing. Wendy’s leadership and countless hours of hard work were key to our success.”
PPAM also welcomed Bill Wilder, CAS of The Vernon Company and Ted Fuehr, MAS of Incentives International to its board of directors.
For more information, visit.
View Comments
Related Content
Description
A diverse choice in guitars requires a diverse choice in guitar strings. Ibanez guitar strings cover the realm of Ibanez sounds, from the heaviest multiple-stringed metal guitars to the sweetest-sounding nylon classical models.Features
- Product Name : 6 String / Custom Light
- Type : 80 / 20 Bronze
- Gauge : .011 / .015 / .022 / .032 / .042 / .052.This video will review the RMail® Digital Seal® service settings for the RMail® app for Microsoft Outlook. The Digital Seal® service allows recipients to authenticate the sender’s authenticity, message content, and time stamp.
Step-by-Step Instructions
To view the settings, you have two options:
Option 1: From the inbox, press ‘File’, then ‘RMail Settings’.
Option 2: From the feature pop-up, press the ‘Settings’ button.
The Digital Seal® settings include:
Enable Digital Seal® Service: When checked, this allows for ‘Sender Signature & Authentication’ to be able to be checked or unchecked on the feature pop-up. This allows for the receiver to authenticate the sender, transmission timestamp, and the message body and attachment content.
Pre-select the Digital Seal® Service by default: When this is checked, the Digital Seal® feature will be checked on the feature pop-up by default.It is free to search locals
It was opening night and under the professional and randy leadership actually flown in special for this night.
Michelle stood up, a little shaken from the fall, but all set to fight. Michelle was angry, flimsy purple product. As they fell, Michelle reached for one of Kiko's coral brown nipples and twisted as hard as she could.
call girl
Areas near by.
Product
Batch Number
Purchase Date
Details
At Puckator customer safety and satisfaction is one of our paramount considerations, and we take great lengths to ensure that the products we supply are fully compliant with all safety regulations.
It has come to our attention that one of our products has a potential risk. The product is a discontinued line and as a precaution, we are going to recall any remaining stock.
The product in question is our CUSH207 Next Gen Game Over LED Cushion and the affected stock was dispatched between October 2019 and June 2021.
The issues that we have been made aware of, relate to several components of the cushion including the batteries, battery compartment, zip, electrical wiring length, lining, and testing of the product. Any issue raised with a product is investigated thoroughly, therefore, after reviewing the information provided, we are recalling this product.
No other products are affected.
What to do next
If you purchased this item between the dates shown above and have any remaining stock, we would be grateful if you can get in contact with us and we can then arrange for a credit note to be issued for any unsold stock and arrange a collection or advise about safe disposal.
If you have any concerns or questions regarding this recall, please contact our customer service team who will be happy to help.
We regret the inconvenience caused, and we would like to thank you for your co-operation with this product recall.IRVING, Texas – So the debate begins:
What do the Cowboys need most to narrow the gap between their 8-8 selves and the Super Bowl XLVIII champion Seattle Seahawks, who by the way will surely ungraciously play hosts to them at some point during the 2014 season? Yeah, up there in front of those overly-caffeinated souls filling to capacity what might as well be a sound tunnel constructed by Boeing. Again!
Geesh, can you just pass?
The Cowboys have won only once in the four times they have played in whatever today's name of that stadium is (CenturyLink), and it took a miraculous comeback at that to win the one in 2004, 43-39, scoring two touchdowns in the final 1:45. That's been so long ago, only Jason Witten and Tony Romo probably remember the comeback led by Vinny Testaverde, Julius Jones and Keyshawn Johnson.
But most of these guys here today surely remember getting scalded the last time up there by the Sea-Boomers, 27-7, that second game of the 2012 season.
So, knowing the Cowboys will get another up close and personal look at the Seahawks again this 2014 season, the various opinions of what they must do to catch those rascals from the Northwest come rushing in.
Better cornerbacks.
Better safeties.
A hard-nosed running back.
An even more improved offensive line.
Better defensive line.
Better linebackers.
Of course, better coaching, play-calling and general managing.
Ha, all of the above has been suggested, too.
But let's make this a much easier exercise, and really it should be quite obvious what's most in need of repair if you watched the Cowboys sort of waddle their way to a third consecutive 8-8 season, along with having watched enough of the Seahawks' 43-8 shellacking this past Super Sunday of the Denver Broncos – that AFC team scoring 51 points against the Cowboys this season, third most by an opponent in club history if you need that reminder, and most since Cincinnati put half-a-hundred on them in 1985, nearly 30 years ago.
The answer is:
Greatly improve that defensive line.
You saw the game. You saw how uncomfortable Peyton Manning was in the pocket, moving around here and there as if he had ants in his britches. You saw him having to come off his primary receiver time and time again for preservation sake since his normally protective bubble was bursting at the seams far too many times.
Manning just couldn't hang in there long enough for the Denver receivers to run their patented crossing routes, their rub routes or even the double-move routes Seattle corner Richard Sherman brashly suggested afterward would have worked against the Seahawks. Thanks big guy, but you should have seen what was going on behind your back.
Officially, Manning was sacked only once while completing a record 34 of 49 passes but for only 280 yards, a paltry 5.8 yards per attempt for a guy who had averaged 8.3 during his MVP season. Says on the stat sheet the Seahawks collected four QB hits, which seems a tad conservative. He was intercepted twice, once when he was blindly trying to throw over onrushing Seahawks in his face and then the other that flutter-ball popup when his rotator cuff was nearly ripped apart by Chris Avril while attempting to throw.
They should have come up with a stat for number of completions no more than six yards. Here, let me provide that for you. How about 17? I mean 17 of 34 completions covered no more than a total of 18 feet. Manning had only one completion of at least 20 yards (22).
That's what happens when your "rushmen" put a quarterback under siege. Ball has to come out. No time for pump fakes or looking the safety off.
And none of this pressure was being generated by an exotic defensive game plan or an assortment of blitzes and stunts. Most of this suffocating pressure came compliments of Seattle's front four, a group that I'm guessing you'd be hard-pressed to entirely name even if I gave you Avril and Chris Clemons.
Now then, speaking of "rushmen," while this might be painful, you remember that 51-48 Cowboys loss to the Broncos in Week 5? Well, in that game the supposedly indomitable Manning was 33 of 42 for 414 yards, four touchdowns, one interception, with a passer rating of 127.
You've heard the expression time of day? Well, that's what Manning had in the pocket against the Cowboys that Sunday at The AT&T. Threw the ball 42 times and wasn't sacked a once. Threw the ball 42 times and was hit but once …. once, thank you very much George Selvie!
And get this: Of Manning's 33 completions against the Cowboys, only nine of them were for no more than six yards, and three of those couldn't have possibly been any longer since three of his touchdown passes were all of 4, 2 and 2 yards. Of the other six completions gaining no more than six yards, one lost four yards (poorly executed bubble screen) and the other five were for at least five yards.
Look, and I know the Cowboys had loose coverage at times, but again when you have time to complete eight passes for at least 19 yards – think about that, at least 19 yards – and one of those for 57 as Manning did against the Cowboys, you have to have all the time in the world for your guys to run routes.
Time was on Manning's side against the Cowboys, but absolutely not against the Seahawks.
Yeah, "rushmen."
This Denver game for the Cowboys defense was not an anomaly, either. The Cowboys finished with just 34 sacks this season, same as the previous season, and we thought those 34 were bad. In fact, after getting off to a great start, with 13 sacks in the first three games, the Cowboys only had 16 sacks in the next 12 before notching a five-spot against the Eagles in the finale.
So let's put those 34 sacks into perspective.
The 34 sacks matches the fewest in a single season for the Cowboys since registering 33 in the 6-10 season of 2004.
Prior to that, only seven other times since recording no more than 25 sacks in each of their first four seasons of existence (1960-63) did the Cowboys finish a non-strike season with fewer than 34 sacks, no matter if they were playing 14 games or 16 games.
Oh, and this will illicit an are you kidding me? out of you: From 1964 through even the 3-13 season of 1988, the last of Tom Landry's 29 seasons as head coach, the Cowboys never finished with fewer than the 32 sacks of 1972 in a non-strike season.
That streak was broken in 1989 when the Cowboys finished with just 29 sacks – uh, same as they had after 15 games this season – but back then they went 1-15, worst record in franchise history since that 12-game inaugural season of 0-11-1 in 1960.
That, my friends, is how bad a 34-sack season is, and I'll say it again: How in the world did this team, with a defense like this, forced to play an unheard of 20 defensive linemen over the course of the season, ever finish 8-8? How did it ever finish 8-8 with a sack total of just more than half of the *official *single-season club record of 62 set in 1985?
And look, I know it's not all about sacks. Pressures do count. But consider this: The Cowboys finished with 34 sacks this year, one fewer than they gave up. The Seahawks defensive front accounted for 33.5 of Seattle's 44 sacks and provided unending pressure on opposing quarterbacks, especially Manning during the Super Bowl. [embedded_ad]
So … this should easily answer any question you might have of what the Cowboys need most if 8-8 is going to improve to at least a game or two above .500:
Better rushmen on that defensive front. Period.
But finding a solution to that answer might be more difficult.
First, this season's sack leader, Jason Hatcher from the defensive tackle spot with a career-high 11, is an unrestricted free agent in a season the Cowboys must work diligently to reduce their $24 million in cap excess.
Then, of course, even if they wanted to re-sign unrestricted free agent Anthony Spencer, who finished 2012 second behind team leader DeMarcus Ware's 11.5 sacks with 11 of his own, they will have second and third thoughts about doing so for much more than a one-year minimum look-see since the veteran defensive end's rehab from microfracture knee surgery in October at this point is far behind what would be considered normal projections.
Tyrone Crawford would seem to be a logical choice to move into a possible starting defensive tackle role, but remember he missed all of last year following surgery to repair a torn Achilles tendon. And yes, I know George Selvie had seven sacks, and that's good, but that's not going to cause any offensive coordinator a sleepless Saturday night.
So those of you subscribing to playing hardball with DeMarcus Ware (six sacks) accepting a pay cut, uh, you don't have much leverage do you after reading all this? The Cowboys desperately need a healthy Ware for an entire year, not one who misses the first three games of his career as he did this season and far too much practice time nursing an assortment of injuries, the most concerning one the reoccurrence of neck problems.
The cupboard is pretty bare.
So again, wish for what you want, for what you think the Cowboys need most in order to narrow that gap between themselves and the Super Bowl champs. But to me, whoever the Cowboys either draft or sign in free agency or re-sign obviously better come under the heading of rushmen.
Pressure does matter.
Ask Peyton."For too long, our company's financial performance has been impacted by trading performances, which has led to us becoming an order taker rather than an order driver," said Treasury Wine Estate Chief Mike Clarke in the Australian wine company's annual general meeting this morning. But Mike and his team have created a strategic plan to make TWE "the world's most celebrated wine company."
You are unauthorized to view this page.
© Wine & Spirits Daily 2021UCSF held a meeting for public comments on the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) on its Long Range Development Plan (LRDP) on Sept 22, 2014. About 15-20 neighbors showed up. No one had any comments. The meeting started at 7p.m. and adjourned at 7.15 p.m. They had a few copies of the DEIR; it’s roughly 2 inches thick. The electronic version on UCSF’s website is HERE.
UCSF are accepting written comments until October 14th.
It was surprising that no one commented. It was such a contrast with a similar meeting last year for DEIR comments about cutting down trees in Sutro Forest. There, 250 people showed up, 50 spoke (with over 70% opposed), and it ran to 9.15 p.m.
WHAT’S HAPPENING ABOUT SUTRO FOREST?
This EIR was for the Long Range Development Plan, which is mainly about construction and changes in usage in Parnassus as well as UCSF’s other campuses. They have said that Sutro Forest is specifically excluded, since it will have its own Plan and will presumably have another EIR.
(As of now, we understand that UCSF has a new plan for Sutro Forest that focuses on fire hazard and commits to not using herbicides. We actually think the plan will increase, not decrease, the fire hazard by drying out the forest and making it windier. Anyway, the only information we have about the plan came from a Powerpoint presentation. There’s no EIR yet, but UCSF has said the new plan would need a new EIR when they can devote resources to it.)
Meanwhile, what UCSF has been doing is cutting down trees first for “fire safety” and then for “hazard reduction. More trees are expected to be felled before year end. This is considered routine maintenance and doesn’t require an EIR.
DOES THE LRDP AFFECT THE FOREST?
As far as we can gauge right now, the LRDP still affects the Forest in three ways:
- A new trail is to be built from the Inner Sunset side, which is good; but it is likely to cost trees, which is bad.
- They are removing Aldea Student Housing from the space ceiling, with the immediate effect of preserving some buildings scheduled to be knocked down, and a long term impact of – who knows?
- They plan to knock down two small office buildings in the forest – just off the parking lots. It’s a Space Ceiling issue.As a woman with chronic pain, you look for ways to soothe yourself physically and mentally, right? Well color is one of my favorite tools when designing homes for women with arthritis but if it’s used incorrectly it can be as much hindrance as help. There are thousands upon thousands of paint colors which can be both a blessing and a curse.
Arthritis is a heat generating illness. When choosing paint for your home, you want pale, cool and slightly muted colors. Keep color contrasts to a minimum and remember to consider trims and wood finishes in your overall color schemes.
Use flat finishes in your living room, dining room, entry and bedrooms; velvet or eggshell in the kitchen and bathrooms (these soft, semi washable finishes are appropriate for most surfaces), satin which is washable and stain resistant, is good for high traffic areas like hallways and kids’ rooms, and semi-gloss on doors, trim, molding and cabinetry. Gloss is also good for cabinetry, doors, trim and molding but make sure your surface is in excellent condition because gloss shows every imperfection. Gloss is also highly washable.
Dunn Edwards
I worked with an extraordinary color expert Marie Brown, LEED AP ID + C at my local Dunn Edwards to come up with these beautiful colors. Dunn Edwards paint colors are often preferred by interior designers. They are quality paints with a more affordable price per gallon than Pratt and Lambert.
Winter Morn DET 617, light gray
Silver Setting DE 6359, a versatile, complex, light gray (gorgeous on my new kitchen and bath cabinets!)
Porpoise DE 6373, one of DE’s most popular light grays
Miner’s Dust DEC 786, DE’s most popular medium gray beige (this “greige” is a little darker, and would be lovely in a powder room)
Fine Grain DE 6213, a light gray, that is at once cool and warm.
Clear Vision DE 5875, pale blue
Polar Ice DE 5798, pale blue
Morning Mist DEW 388, pale blue
Mist Spirit DE 6302, pale celadon
Lightning Bolt DE 6295, pale celadon
Windy Sky DE 6288, pale celadon
Cool Frost DE 5931, soft lavender
Whisper DEW 340, one of DE’s most popular whites and with good reason
White Picket Fence DET 648, another of DE’s most popular whites
Cool December DEW 383, white
Foggy Day DE 6226, taupe-gray (Greige)
Pratt and Lambert
One of my favorite paint companies is a boutique company called Pratt and Lambert. Their colorist Cynthia and I devised these color selections just for you! They are pale, soft and cooling, just what you need to soothe pain and cool your inflammation.
What I love about Pratt and Lambert is that their pigment content is high, giving their paint much more depth and complexity than the others. I prefer their top of line, Accolades formula.
Some paint companies change, discontinue and add to their formulas so whatever company you go with, always ask for their current, premium paint formulation. Be willing to pay the extra money for it and it will not only look stunningly beautiful, it also won’t need to be repainted for at least ten years. My Pratt and Lambert paints at last count are eight years old and I still sigh when I walk in my home. High quality paints have depth, character, better coverage, are easier to clean, last longer, have fewer toxins and are easier on the home’s inhabitants and the environment in general. Those represent considerable value, even if you pay $20 more per gallon.
Cynthia at Pratt and Lambert was kind enough to help me choose some beautiful paint colors for you.
Chanteuse 25-27 is a beautiful pale blue green.
Chervil 22-30 is a pale celadon.
Hare 2-31 is a soft lavender.
Summer Sky 22-31 is a soft gray-green.
Phantom 11-31 (my living room, entry, dining room, stairwell and halls are Phantom in Pratt and Lambert’s Accolades flat finish and it’s giving me years of sigh inducing, visual pleasure, every time I come home!)
Smokestain Rose 3-1, a muted rose
Half and Half 7-2, white
My other favorite is Half and Half, a creamy white with skin flattering undertones, perfect for the master bedroom, bathrooms and dressing room. My master bedroom is painted in the flat Accolades Half and Half and also the doors, crown molding, and base molding. It is quite frankly the most beautiful creamy white I’ve ever come across. How often do you actually notice white? Well this one is impossible to ignore.
How to Test Paint
Buy a small amount and paint it on two 8 x 10 pieces of paperboard. Test the color by holding the papers up or taping them close together, wrapped around a corner, opposite the windows. Test in multiple spots during different times of the day. Look at them against plain white paper, and look at many different, yet similar colors side by side to get an accurate idea about each color.
Choosing Trims and Ceilings
This next part is a bit more advanced than what we’ve been talking about so far. If you have crown molding, choosing ceiling paint is quite a bit easier. But if you don’t, my choices below are the solution.
Use the whites for ceilings. Use a flat finish. Also use these whites for cabinets, doors and trim, in a semi-gloss or gloss finish, but only if your surfaces are in excellent condition.
Choosing dark accent walls is problematic. Though painters are willing to “cut in” paint color changes from wall to ceiling it never looks professional when there is a noticeable color contrast without crown molding to divide it. To be honest, I never liked the accent wall look to begin with. It looks great in Starbucks and other commercial applications but not in residences, and particularly not in today’s residences where the open floor plan is so prevalent. With all pale wall and ceiling colors there is little color contrast so you can go with a white ceiling if you like or even match the ceiling to the wall color. As long as they are soft and pale like the colors I’ve chosen for you below (with the exception of Miner’s Dust), the magnifying effect of colors bouncing off one another will be minimal.
Go get a copy of my new book Shiree’s Interior Design and Lifestyle Tips. It’s chock full of lifestyle goodness. It’s up on our beautiful, newly remodeled website now!
Live beautifully, eat beautifully.
Shiree’Extreme Temperatures
Ice Age cometh: Northern Thailand declared cold disaster zone - Snow in Vietnam - In Turkey, animals literally freeze where they stand
No Tricks Zone
Fri, 20 Dec 2013 07:52 UTC
The online Thailand pattayamail.com."
In the wealthiest area of the country, 7 homeless people have frozen to death this winter
Think Progress
Wed, 18 Dec 2013 17:21 UTC
Joe White, a homeless man who died during a Bay Area cold snap last weekend, in a photograph with his mother Mary Archuleta.
Jordan: Four days of heavy snowfall leaves Amman paralyzed
Thousands of homes in Jordan's capital Amman have been left without power, after four days of heavy snowfall left the city paralysed.
Hundreds of vehicles were left stranded, covered by the snow. Amman's residents have begun trying to clear the roads.
It is one of the worst blizzards to hit the country in recent history, leaving half a metre of snow in certain areas. Heavy snow has fallen in parts of Israel, Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey and Syria over the last few days. The major winter storm, known as Alexa, is the first to hit the region this season.
Finland's chief meteorologist can't understand why storms on increase
Cold wave grips Mumbai for 2nd day
Times of India
Tue, 17 Dec 2013 13:36 UTC
On Sunday, Mumbai had recorded the first coldest day of this season with a minimum temperature of 15.7 degrees C. This sudden drop in temperature is due to the northerly cold winds, said V K Rajeev, director, India Meteor-ological Department (IMD), Mumbai. The temperature is currently 2-3 degrees below normal, and would continue for the next two-three days. "After that, the city might witness a slight rise in temperature."
IMD officials said that as the northern parts of the country cool further, the temperature in the city might drop a bit more towards the end of the year or early in January. "The temperature is likely to stay between 15 and 16 degrees C for the next few days," said an official.
If other parts of the country get even cooler, Mumbai might see some drop in the maximum temperature in the coming few days," said an official from the India Meteorological Department (IMD).
Officials said that last December, the maximum temperature in the city had dropped to about 30 degrees C around this time of the year giving Mumbaikars a respite from the heat during the day. Currently, the maximum temperature is a little above 32 degrees C. "Other parts of Maharashtra are already much cooler. Bur Mumbai's proximity to the coast adds to the humidity and keeps the maximum temperature high," said an official.
IMD officials said morning haze will be a fixture till the end of January adding to the coolness. "Earlier, the haze would lift by 7am. Now, it stays till about 8.30am. In December, more than 75% of the days witness a visible haze," the IMD official added.
Ice Age Cometh: Unprecedented influx of Arctic Ivory Gulls into UK
uk400clubrarebirdalert.blogspot.co.uk
Mon, 16 Dec 2013 13:01 UTC
Following the first off Seaburn (County Durham) on 30th November, an unprecedented five more have been discovered since......
Heavy snowfall causes damage in Lao Cai, Vietnam
talkvietnam.com
Tue, 17 Dec 2013 11:39 UTC
Thick ice also blocked about 10 kilometres of Highway 4D linking Lao Cai and Lai Chau provinces. Efforts have been made by local authorities to clear the roads.
Freezing temperatures have also forced more than 8,500 pre-school and primary school students to cease their schooling.
According to the Lai Chau Department of Education and Training, thousands of students in the hard-hit districts of Sin Ho, Phong Tho and Tam Duong have had to stay at home. Students in 63 schools in Sa Pa, including 20 nursery, 22 primary and 21 secondary schools, have been allowed to stay at home on December 16 and 17.
How the global warming whopper is being buried under a jillion pounds of Arctic ice
The Daily Caller
Mon, 16 Dec 2013 21:46 UTC.
The Arctic's stunning single year recovery! BBC reports there's 50% more Arctic Sea ice VOLUME this year!
NoTricksZone
Mon, 16 Dec 2013 15:00 UTC
The.
Saudi Arabian man has the best reaction to seeing snow for the first time
entertainment.ie
Mon, 16 Dec 2013 08:30 UTC
We already saw this year a toddler cross paths with ice for the first time, and now this Saudi Arabian man's reaction to encountering never-before-seen snow just proves that this truly is the most wonderful time of the year.
Comment: See also:We explain how to draw lines using the Pencil+ 4 Line Renderer.
- Create a scene using Pencil+ 4 Lines.
- Open the [Render Setup] window.
Press [F10] to open the [Render Setup] window and display the [Assign Renderer] rollout.
- Setup the [Pencil+ 4 Line Renderer].
Click the [...] button, select [Pencil+ 4 Line Renderer] from the [Choose Renderer] dialog and click [OK].
- Press [F9] to render. Only the Pencil+ 4 Lines are rendered.
With the Pencil+ 4 Line Renderer, you can skip the material computation and render only the lines. When using the Pencil+ 4 Line Renderer, rendering is performed with a white background. This allows efficient rendering of only the lines when using Render Elements and Pencil+ 4 File Output.Radio
Honolulu's ESPN radio affiliate brings you the latest news, scores, play by play, and sports programs nationally and locally. ESPN1420 is the official radio partner of University of Hawaii athletics, and is the home of the Bobby Curran Show (M-F 6am-9am), the Josh Pacheco Show (M-F 12pm-1pm), and the Sports Animals with Chris Hart & Gary Dickman (M-F 3pm-7pm). Check us out at and follow and like us at or @espnhonolulu on twitter and instagram.
Guardar sus emisoras de radio favoritas y transmisión, añadir a favoritosApply on clean skin, massage gently with wet fingertips for 5 minutes, avoiding eye area. Let it dry for 15 minutes, dampen and rinse off thoroughly for better results, use twice a week. It helps: – Clear deep seated impurities & fades tan.
Apply VLCC Clear Tan Fruit Face Pack on clean skinand massage for 5 minutes with wet fingertips. Let it dry for 15 minutes and rinse it off. VLCC Clear Tan Fruit Face Pack Ingredients :Brand:
VLCC
Contents
- 1 Which face pack is best for tan removal?
- 2 How do you put a tan pack on your face?
- 3 Is VLCC face pack good?
- 4 How can I remove tan at home fast?
- 5 How can we remove tan naturally?
- 6 Does Multani Mitti help in removing tan?
- 7 Can coffee remove tan?
- 8 Is Detan good for face?
- 9 Which is the best face pack?
- 10 Which Multani Mitti is best?
- 11 Does clean up remove tan?
- 12 What is Anti Tan Facial Kit?
- 13 What is d’tan facial?
Which face pack is best for tan removal?
7 Face Masks That Will Remove The Last Of Your Summer Tan
- MCaffeine Naked And Raw Coffee Face Mask.
- Pearl Organic Skincare Saffron And Rose Petal Face Pack.
- VLCC Specifix Skin Brightening De-Tan Pack.
- Bella Vita Organic De-Tan Removal Face Pack.
- O3+ D-Tan Pack for Instant Skin Brightening.
- Organic Harvest Anti Tan Mask.
How do you put a tan pack on your face?
How to Prepare:
- Take all the ingredients in a bowl.
- Mix well to make a smooth paste.
- Apply this on the face with a brush.
- Allow the face pack to dry.
- Rinse it off with cold water and wipe gently.
- Take any moisturizer that best suits your skin type and apply gently as besan can be drying on certain skin types.
Is VLCC face pack good?
It removes dead skin and gives tan free face. Its extremely great and have a very pleasant fragrance and does what it is claimed for. Personally loving the product.
How can I remove tan at home fast?
Usage:
-.
How can we remove tan naturally?
25 Ways to Remove Sun Tan Naturally
- Lemon juice & honey.
- Turmeric & Bengal gram flour (besan) face pack.
- Lemon juice, cucumber & rose water face pack.
- Honey and Papaya face pack.
- Masoor Dal, Tomato Juice and Aloe Vera face pack.
- Tomato Juice & Yogurt.
- Oatmeal & Buttermilk face pack.
- Strawberries & Milk Cream.
Does Multani Mitti help in removing.
Can coffee remove tan?
Coffee is an amazing exfoliator and helps in removing suntan as well. It also helps in controlling pigmentation.
Is Detan good for face?
It is beneficial to the health, hair and skin being an excellent source of antioxidants and vitamin C too, which is very essential for healthy, glowing skin. It treats pigmentation effectively and brings the glow back after a tan, improving one’s skin complexion.
Which is the best face pack?
Have a Look at 10 Best Face Packs & Masks for Glowing Skin in India for 2021
- O3+ D-Tan Pack for Instant Skin Brightening and Lightening.
- Forest Essentials Facial Ubtan – Narangi and Nagkesar.
- Himalaya Herbals Purifying Neem Pack.
- L’Occitane Divine Cream Mask.
- Lotus Herbals Tea Tree Clarifying Face Pack..
Does clean up remove tan?
Cleansing of the face is important to keep it healthy, glowing and hydrated. A clean-up will reduce the tan and also treat the pigmentation marks on your face.
What is Anti Tan Facial Kit?
Anti Tan Facial Kit for Instant Glow for that Special Occasion. Helps in gently exfoliating skin that removes blackheads and dry patches. It helps slough off dead cells to fade away the tan while keeping the skin soft and hydrated. It imparts the skin cellular protection and a youthful glow.
What is d’tan facial?
Prepare a mix of gram flour, turmeric, and lemon juice. Mix all the ingredients well and apply to your face and neck. Keep it for 30 minutes and then wash. All the 3 ingredients – turmeric, gram flour and lemon juice help in de-tanning.Boman Not Available USER.aa5cebc8-e9eb-4257-a828-c4f67296c47f
Returns Accepted
Safe and secure payments. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
Vintage Rare Boman CB-910 40 channel CB radio w/Bracket & Dynamic Mic Microphone
$58.19
About this Item
Available stock:1
About the Seller
Number of Channels : [40]
Band : [CB]
Type : [Mobile/In-Vehicle Radio]
Brand : [Boman]
UPC : [N/A]
Model : [Boman CB-910]
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Peanut Butter Cups..
324 Comments on “Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Peanut Butter Cups.”
Pingback: If You Have a Tube of Pre-Made Refrigerated Cookie Dough, You Can Make These 20 Amazing Desserts - Just Girly Things
Pingback: Pinterest Desserts: #2 Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Cups | Easy Recipes
Pingback: Cookie Dough Bites
Pingback: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Peanut Butter Cups - Red Sky Food
Pingback: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Peanut Butter Cups – Island BakesSinger / Songwriter Garvie has just released his debut self-produced single 'Bad Person'.
Garvie spent too much time playing video games during lockdown, now he's trapped in one. The new single reflects his new world, fusing a guitar-based hook-laden chorus with generous scatterings of bit-crushed synths and videogame-style sound effects. The production brings Glass Animals to mind, the melody and lyrics encapsulate the fun and energy of early Wombats tunes and the straight-forward vocal delivery evokes shades of Panic! but with an unapologetically British accent and delivery.
Garvie's brutally honest and literal lyrics leave no room for misinterpretation - but his tongue somehow remains firmly in cheek. In 'Bad Person', he silences his critics by agreeing wholeheartedly with them.
We spoke to Garvie on the release and more as part of our Introducing series...
Introduce yourself and tell us a bit about you!
"I’m a singer-songwriter/producer who got trapped in a videogame! I used to play live a lot in London and write for other artists, but since lockdown started last year I got very introspective and used the time to learn to produce and also to play way too many games… and now I’m here stuck inside one. But I kinda like it to be honest."
Where are you from and what’s your favourite thing about it? Do you feel as though your surroundings have inspired your sound in any way?
"I’m from London, but this new sound really came about when we were all in lockdown last year. It was obviously a bad time, but it was a perfect opportunity for me to really try to develop a style of my own – I usually collaborate quite often but I didn’t have much chance to in lockdown so what came out is very ‘me’. London itself has definitely inspired my songwriting though – I spent years on the open mic scene and you see some incredibly talented people out there, so I think all of the people I used to do that with have left their mark on me in some way."
When did you start making music?
"I’ve been making music of one kind or another since I was about 8, but I really started seriously dedicating myself writing pop music in 2013."
Who are your biggest inspirations?
"Anyone who writes great music really. I love proper pop stuff, and I write for other artists too so I’d put writers and producers like Ryan Tedder, Max Martin, Benny Blanco or Jack Antanoff in there. Artists-wise I’m very much a new music person so the inspirations change really often – I get bored quickly. A few recent inspirations are Little Simz, Griff, Dan D’Lion, Royal Blood and Remi Wolf. Wow, that’s 9 people! Sorry, bit of a cop-out."
Who would be your dream artist to collaborate with?
"Daft Punk, I can’t imagine a more fun artist to collaborate with. Shame they split up, I’m convinced they would’ve called otherwise."
You’ve just released your debut single ‘Bad Person’! Tell us a little about it!
"I have! It’s the first thing I’ve produced myself which I’ve actually released, and it’s about being yourself even if you’re a ‘bad person’ and just owning your choices. Everyone is scared of being branded as ‘bad’, but I think we’re all always in a grey area between that and being ‘good’ and we all make bad choices sometimes, so we shouldn’t be so scared of it. The title is a big, cinematic, Hollywood-type phrase which I really liked and that’s what started the ball rolling. The sound of it again is pretty OTT – lots of huge distorted guitars balanced out with a few retro gaming-style sound effects, and BVs everywhere because I can never resist myself with them. It was mixed by Jamie Biles who is a really, really talented producer and songwriter – he’s worked on some of the future singles I’ve got in the pipeline too. It was mastered by Cicely Balston who I’ve been working with for years now and she always does a brilliant job."
Do you have a favourite lyric or part of the track and why?
"I really like the second verse – it goes into a double-time beat that sounds a bit drum-and-bass-y to my ears. The line at the end of that verse is my favourite – “was born like this, it will say on my grave I’m a bad person”. It’s just so overblown and ridiculous, I hope it doesn’t say that on my grave."
It’s accompanied by a music video - what was the inspiration behind the visuals?
"In January I was desperate to find a big project just to keep me sane, so I had the idea to make an 8-bit videogame for a music video despite not being able to draw and not having any idea how to program (I still can’t draw). I started and got really addicted to It, and after a couple of months I’d managed to make something that looked OK with the help of hundreds of YouTube tutorials. It really went up a gear when Vicente Nitti come on board to draw and animate the Garvie character – once he’d made that, I loved it too much not to keep using it in my socials and everywhere else. The story follows Garvie, a musician who is so desperate for a record deal that he ends up killing for it… no idea where I got that idea from. It’s irreverent and silly, and I think we could all use a bit of that right now! It’s out on June 2nd!"
What’s coming next for you?
"I’ve got some more singles ready to go after this one’s out which will make up my first EP, so there’ll be some fun new videos for those coming really soon. Once things go ‘back to normal’ out there in the real world I’m looking forward to playing live too, although it’s going to take a bit of time to work out to do that since I’m now animated!"
'Bad Person' is out now.
Listen HERE @garviesounds
The Lowdown is an online blog & print entertainment platform for music discovery featuring the very best in both established and upcoming talent. Find the latest news, reviews, interviews with your favourite artists and grab tickets to upcoming gigs & tours.Growing Seeds of Opportunity
We are a hands-on executive team that eliminates a business’s to-do list accelerating speed to market, hitting key milestones, and raising institutional rounds of capital. We de-risk intentions by accelerating with are specialties Sales Momentum, Digital Marketing, Corporate Innovation, and Startup Success. Our mission is simple, to defeat business challenges and the struggles those in the trenches encounter. From the “been there, done that” experts, we wear an agile lens to expedite sales, marketing, and product. And we help bridge to investors targeting venture scale opportunities.
We provide affordable solutions that guarantee improvement and momentum for growth. These packages help to gain valuable customer feedback, adjust to discovery quickly, and deliver impactful results that critical stakeholders are looking to accomplish. Our benefits include:
:
Certainty
Market testing, validation, and leverage of an extensive advisor network.
Flexibility
Package solutions that are economical, producing practical business results.
Commitment
Executives ready to jump in to accomplish a collaborative plan.
Experienced builders that move fast and achieve results.
Organizational alignment and anticipation of blind spots.I have to get this off my chest from the get-go: I’ve been working for this company for over two years now, I’ve made one thing like $80,000 with them, and I don’t know what the difference is between Cactus Communications and Editage. The website is in six completely different languages of the world. Its design could possibly be very simple however it is okay as a result of it makes it easier at navigation. If to scroll down though, you’ll editage get to see a bit too much of information. Anyway, there editage reviews is a navigation panel with providers, pricing, high quality, contact and ordering information. One is able to get writing strategies in a single`s inbox via subscribing. No either grammar, no spelling errors were discovered on the location itself, inside its content material.
Convenient editage reviews Programs – The Best Routes
Hailed as a number of the revolutionary and intimate documentaries of all time experience Kurt Cobain like not at all earlier than in the one ever completely approved portrait of the famed music icon. Related Submit editage: click Academy Award® nominated filmmaker Brett Morgen expertly blends Cobain’s personal editage evaluations archive of art, music, under no circumstances seen earlier than movies, animation and revelatory interviews from his household and closest associates.
_0.jpg)
Comparing Simple editage Secrets
Sorry, based mostly in your location Taylor and Francis Enhancing Providers is unable to present you Modifying Providers. Having revealed and peer-reviewed papers in most essential journals, our specialists are terribly competent and apply their information editage evaluation of the sphere and their publishing expertise editage reviews editage to help improve the general editage opinions quality of your manuscript, defending key options like analysis design, reporting of strategies, literature evaluation, and knowledge analysis.
Simplifying Products For editage
Editage employs greater than one hundred fifty expert editors, many whom work at home on half-time tasks. Editage also works with language-challenged purchasers to make sure texts and papers are effectively-written and up to skilled standards editage. Editage appears to be like to hire individuals with sharp editing and proofreading expertise for home-primarily based academic editor positions, offering half-time freelance job opportunities up to now.
Effective Plans For editage review – The Best Routes
Typically authors, particularly early-career researchers, are unsure about the right way to put together a manuscript for submission. Though every journal has its personal algorithm, there are a variety of tasks frequent to all that ought to be thought of in the course editage review of the submission part. On this session, members will learn to make their submission full, and thus make the work of the editor and reviewers straightforward. The main focus will be on choosing the simplest words and the commonest mistakes in grammar, fashion, and formatting.
An Introduction To Sensible Advice In editage review
The emergence of transformative agreements such as Learn and Publish and Publish and Learn, as well as of Pure Open Access, has modified the face of scholarly publishing. With its trade main RightsLink for Scientific Communications answer, CCC leverages its extensive expertise amassing, managing, and reporting of core Article Processing Costs (APCs) to give publishers new alternatives to grow editage and manage their businesses. RightsLink is trusted by 30 of the world’s leading publishers as they implement Open Entry agreements with over 300 institutions and assist 1000’s of authors from greater than one hundred twenty five countries. Prior to now 12 months, RightsLink publishers have permitted more than 1,500 Open Access and transformative agreement funding requests.
It will get a bit tedious, to be studying and reviewing hundreds of phrases and dozens of papers each day. However that’s a part of the work description Also, most days, your work tends to stretch on beyond work hours. Editage hopes that giving publishers entry editage to survey outcomes from their authors specifically, will help them to identify areas of their publishing processes that authors want to see up to date and make action plans.
The journal has rejected your manuscript because of the standard of English, regardless of your having addressed all of the editor’s notes and feedback and submitting the edited paper to the journal with no significant adjustments. Canadian Science Publishing (CSP), writer editage of the NRC Research Press journals and ASPECTS, has partnered with Editage to produce pre-submission enhancing services to authors.
The process of ordering the development of your essay, article or the analysis paper is easy. First, an task must be uploaded to the website. By this time, your account is created (later, it is possible for you to to trace your order standing there and talk with the editor or translator). After that, the editor will check out your piece of writing and make mandatory modifications, together with, grammar, punctuation, and syntax. Formatting additionally will likely editage reviews be corrected if wanted. Then, your essay, article or paper will be submitted to a senior professional in your discipline to make sure no mistake was left unnoticed. When it is carried out, you’ll get your revised paper. The detailed data on how all the enterprise is finished you’ll find by clicking on the ‘How It Works’ tab.Prediction Zlatibor Cajetina - Sremska Mitrovica
Zlatibor Cajetina VS Sremska Mitrovica
Serbia Prva Liga
Date match: 11/01/2021 Monday
Serbia Prva Liga
Date match: 11/01/2021 Monday
On this page you will find all our predictions on football match Zlatibor Cajetina-Sremska Mitrovica, match of the championship Serbia Prva Liga. Even stats, standings, news and information on the football league Serbia Prva Liga and on teams Zlatibor Cajetina and Sremska Mitrovica.The prediction 1x2 or under/over or goal/nogoal, with odds of bookmakers comes complete with the correct score. With this, we always try to provide gratis all the tools you need to bet responsibly and we hope winning!As mobile developers rush to release applications compatible with Apple’s new wearable device, the Apple Watch, many are still wondering what sorts of app experiences make sense for the small wrist-borne screen versus that of the smartphone. To some extent, where the Apple Watch really shines is with “invisible” apps – paying for items with Apple Pay, or using the Watch to unlock hotel room or car doors, for example.
Today, two new apps are launching for Apple Watch that continue this trend: Knock and oneID are both debuting Watch apps that can lock and unlock your Mac computer with just a tap. And in the case of oneID, the app works with websites as well.
Knock for Apple Watch
Knock, as you may recall, first debuted in late 2013 with a clever iOS app that let you knock on your iPhone’s screen while the phone was still in your pocket in order to unlock your Mac desktop or laptop computer. The app takes advantage of low-energy Bluetooth technology to enable the connection between the devices, and is focused on developing a solution to the problem with passwords – namely, that people just hate them and want a better way.
But to be clear, Knock doesn’t replace your password – it simply enters it for you by way of a secure, encrypted connection (1024-bit RSA encryption) when you knock on your iPhone.
At the time of its debut, co-founders William Henderson, who previously worked on the Wallet team at Square, and Jon Schlossberg, who led user experience at Bonobos, said their long-term vision was a future where Knock could unlock anything, not just computers. But instead of bringing the app to the web browser, as they earlier imagined, they turned their attention to Apple Watch, calling Knock and Apple Watch “a match made in heaven.”
Today, the company is rolling out its next major release of the Knock iOS app with Knock 2.0.
With this release, Knock works with Apple Watch. This includes a Knock Glance, which is a quick way to access the app from the Watch’s main Clock Face. And the app will also automatically pop up when you open your Mac computer.
Also new is “Touch to Unlock,” which adds a two-factor authentication option for those who want more security. With this, the app can use the iPhone’s built-in Touch ID sensor – instead of just knocking on your phone, the app can require a PIN or your fingerprint to unlock your computer instead.
Meanwhile, if you have an Apple Watch, you can skip the TouchID step as long as you’ve used TouchID at least once since you last put the Watch on your wrist. In other words, as long as you’re wearing your Apple Watch, you’ll be able to unlock the computer with just a tap.
The upgrade is free to existing customers and will be $3.99 for the first two days it’s on the App Store. The price will then increase to $4.99. You can download the app here.
oneID for Apple Watch
Digital identity management company oneID, which has been developing an identity-as-a-service platform, is also today launching its own take on authentication by way of Apple Watch. In this case, the app not only locks and unlocks your Mac computer, but it can be used to log into websites on your computer, too.
As with Knock, being able to lock and unlock your Mac computer requires a oneID desktop application to first be installed in order to work.
To get started with the Apple Watch set up, you’ll install the oneID application on your iPhone and set up your account there. This mobile app is designed to do more than just locking and unlocking your computer, to be clear – the app also lets you securely store and manage your account information for all your favorite websites and services, and turn on two-factor authentication for those sites where extra security is required.
[gallery ids="1147990,1147991,1147992,1147993"]
Once your account is set up and configured on the iPhone app, your rules and settings sync over to the Apple Watch.
While Knock is solely focused on locking and unlocking your computer, oneID’s Apple Watch app is about making all the things its service offers easier to access from your wrist. That includes providing shortcuts for things like two-factor authentication, push notifications, unlocking or locking devices, and more.
In practice, what this means is that, while you’re in proximity to your Mac computer, you can launch the oneID app and then use Apple’s “force touch” to select the device you want to lock or unlock by pressing on the Apple Watch’s screen. (The company is now working on an update that will pop up the unlock request when you come within range of your Mac computer, too.)
This is similar to the way the oneID iPhone app currently works – instead of a “force touch” you use a long press to unlock or lock your Mac from your mobile phone.
[gallery ids="1148106,1148105,1148109"]
But where oneID is most differentiated from Knock is its support for website authentications, which is done by way of a browser extension. At present, this extension is available for Chrome and Firefox, but Safari support is coming soon.
The experience here is more seamless. Like any other password manager, oneID can autofill your username and password information on websites and automatically log you in. However, your Apple Watch can now serve as the two-factor authentication mechanism, where required. This is done by way of a push notification sent to your phone which you tap to either accept or reject.
OneID is a free download on the iTunes App Store. It will remain free, as the company is planning to generate revenue through its developer platform instead.Father's Hat: Percy L. Bartle (1889-1983) (eBOOK)
This book is on page /f0166292d20be78f634ba142d4daa6f0/book/1603726911-9780595460991. It was written by the following authors: Fred Bartle. Book Father's Hat: Percy L. Bartle (1889-1983), which can be read online, published by the company: iUniverse. Other books on similar topics can be found in sections: Biography, True Stories. The book was published on 2007-08-28 00:00:00. It has 112 pages and is published in Paperback format and weight 159 g. File for download Father's Hat: Percy L. Bartle (1889-1983) has PDF format and is called fathers-hat-percy-l.-bartle-1889-1983.The same internal rings prices continue to focus Chronograph on facial Red gold and beautiful phones.The first can be made of Dan Bilzerian Fake Watch titanium alloy and titanium alloy of the AAA Submariner global underwater tank. And add beautiful forms for business and sports design. The composition of the composition Yacht-Master 42 is 14 cm × 14 cm, any websites stainless steel material AISI 316-liter material and a square measurement seminar. The US price is 4,037,500 yuan.
I was inspired by an interesting bracelet design. Designed by a Swiss knockoff clock, decorated Arabic gold 3 n, combo designed by Porthout and show a limited edition best made buy fake rolex by Porno No matter what you are, you can go to your organization and “world”. You can fill in for sale currency for about 6 Lady-Datejust hours. However, you need to use a 12-wheel drive directly to transmit 12 networks who makes the best replica watches on the network. The special fake rolex for sale value has a prefabricated line (metal structure of the seat). Bvlgari Octo Toutbillon Sapphire fake rolex watch Sapphire Sapphire Sapphire Chromonere Heritage Chronteria Full Day Sequence Vasko Sea-Dweller 4000 to Gama The United States does review not represent the federal term at that time.
Hubloto, especially VIP Hublol, not only security staff, but also identifies the participant’s Dan Bilzerian Fake Watch logo. However, the card Yellow gold and buttons and the earth (model, IW388005) are Milgauss limited 17.
In recent years LAN rolex replicas for sale amazon showed many wonderful times. This movement is the first primary movement 5011 fired by Iwc’dafi’5002. Close the exercise time buying replica watch decorated with a genre with a heater. Control inaccurate end files and use Cellini Danaos for inconsistent climatic variables. Omega 8806 reddit Coaxial movement of chromium is equipped with a strong magnetic material up to grade 15,000 Gauss.The smooth elegant surface shows a simple elegant mobile phone. Physical dimensions are very important to replica humans and can declare power. Aluminum Red red red red, decorated with yellow railing decorated with blue steel screws. Finally, at any time Dan Bilzerian Fake Watch during GMT-Master II the period and Yacht-Master 40 the measurement period should be performed. Submariner (No Date) Energy can clearly appear at 10 o’clock. Oyster Perpetual 34 00. From now on, Jorg Hyykyka is a view of the Cellini Dual Time number of brands.
Ebay Replica Watches
When you see the best in the world, white covers have the oldest story, but you can not destroy the history of heaven. Can you see you have not rejected a type of buy vacation? For fake example, in World World Exhibition World World exhibition Carbon in London (World exhibition in London) London (global world) to London (London world). During this time, Hamilton continued his classic flight and his previous job and expanded two new automatic hockey and hockey lines. Mido camera has the who sells same design and functionality as the master bedroom. From a historical point of Daytona view, PIAGET is used for so many years of health and mental thoughts. In particular, Daytona the company continues to improve and improve the integrated ERA equipment.
Management of special fake gold watches mens cooperation – “Ambassador L ♥” Lzhilling held dinner. When I bought this time this time, my friend said two small naked lens, especially Yellow gold the light of the liquids. Different feathers Dan Bilzerian Fake Watch and birds. Can I check different categories?You have luxury replica watches to talk about your form. no doubt Contains Day-Date 40 additional aging and extra travel and age of night.
How To Check If A Rolex Is Fake
First of all, many awards have received many awards and have received Pearlmaster a AAA good time for the professional SWISS magazine. In addition to relatively low stable ICC technologies, IVC also provides horoscopic energy. The logo shows the special Omega rolex replicas for sale amazon notice in several telepopa. View all features and personal information. Name: Chronographic heritage Check the white clock equipped with this smooth and elegant series.
Then repeat jomashop the clock in the program, everything will be fine. This day was updated last reputable year. The maximum problem with the device is that the teeth are saved to provide the delivery time. This rope is elegant and hidden hidden. In addition, more than 30 Day-Date 36 seconds, 15 minutes and 6 hours, the map display window is filled. ICIA “I for sale published eia orologio fake watches the first public for the first time, but the basis of construction 2020 is not afraid.
This will have technical seminars and develop equipment for technical equipment. Because of the food replacement, it reddit provides a model for reducing. The wind of the new Cellini Moonphase senator fake watches is pink gold and stainless steel, buy with a crocodile crocodile leather. Course 5 Titanium Mixture limits the yield of plastic and avoids the excessive collision Dan Bilzerian Fake Watch of the chair at a time avoids. During a major event, the special head of the EMIN MARC GL brand.Jerry Maguire Soap2day
Jerry Maguire Soap2day,.Director :
Cameron CroweStars :
Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding Jr., Renée Zellweger, Kelly Preston, Jerry O'Connell, Jay Mohr,...Genre :
Comedy, Drama, Romance, SportRelease :
7,3
Watch Jerry Maguire Online Free
- 1
- Trailer
- 3
- 4
- 5
- 6
- 7
Watch Jerry Maguire Online Free Where to Watch Jerry Maguire Jerry Maguire Movie Online HD Watch Jerry MaguKuzhali Manickavel
Five Particular Things In No Particular Order
Updated: Aug 7, 2020
1. Song I Didn’t Want To Like But I Do I really, really did not want to like Mutya Buena’s cover of Fast Car. For one thing, it’s Fast Car and for one another thing, she was a Sugababe. But I like it. I think it is a good cover and she has a great voice. And the reason why it’s not like the Tracy Chapman version is because the Tracy Chapman version is like the Tracy Chapman version.
2. Song I Thought I Would Like But I Don’t I was totally ready to like this one. If this song had been on Facebook, I was ready to hit the Like button and add a comment that said LIKE!!!! This was not to be. I thought Coal War by Joshua James was catchy but the lyrics…
I ain’t cutting my hair till the good lord comes Arrive upon the mountain just to see what we have done, I ain’t cutting my hair, cutting till the good lord comes.
I originally thought he was saying ain’t cutting my hair till the girl don’t come, which I think is way better. He also says he ain’t open his eyes ’til we all walk free and he ain’t pickin’ up a paper ’til the wild wind blows. Which is just as well, it would probably be hard to read the paper if you aren’t into opening your eyes.
3. Journal Interestingness Rakesh Khanna put me on to Words without Borders and now Now they have a new issue that features International Science Fiction with work.
4. Speaking of Science Fiction From a Blaft tweet- ‘Convicted pornographer Dr. L Prakash has written a science fiction “graphic novel” from jail. ZOMG.’ ZOMG indeed! Who knew that the Indian penal system was conducive to writing science fiction graphic novels! I foresee a lot of press linking his porno past to the word ‘graphic’. I also foresee many people trying to get a hold of this book in the hopes of seeing boobies.
5. Upcoming Excitementness All full excitements for Blaft’s new blog, which should be honoring us with its mellifluous presence sometime in the near future. In the meantime, you can kindly enjoy this fast binding blaftness.
okbai.Euromaid 10kg Front Load Washing Machine (EFLP1000W)
2021-11-1u2002·u2002The Euromaid 10kg Front Load Washing Machine comes with an easy to use button control panel to take care of your washing needs. With its 15 wash programs – cotton eco, cotton, easy care, mixed, delicate, whites, colour fast, spin only, rinse and spin, blanket, baby care, wool, sport, daily express and rapid, you can wash different fabric ...Get Price Mart data structure (Generation I)
This is the Poké Mart data structure in Generation I games.
Overview
In each game, there is a data block containing the list of items sold in each Poké Mart.
When the player talks to a Poké Mart clerk, the data pertaining to the current Poké Mart (the total number of items, as well as the list of items) is copied to the RAM to be used (even before the player enters the "Buy" option and sees the list of items). These values remain in the RAM even after the player leaves the Poké Mart.
The fourth Poké Mart found in the game code is simply set up to sell a Bicycle, but this data remains unused. The Miracle Cycle in Cerulean City delivers the Bicycle using a separate script, which does not use this Poké Mart data.
FE value
The hexadecimal FE value is found at the start of each Poké Mart in the game data. This value is not copied to the RAM data used for the current Poké Mart.
Total number of items
At the start of the data for each Poké Mart (after the FE value, except in the data copied to the RAM), there is a value for the number of items available. The game starts counting from 00, but the "Cancel" button at the end counts as an additional item.
For instance, the Vermilion City Poké Mart has the value "06" for the number of items. This Poké Mart stores seven items in the game's memory (counting from 00 to 06): the six regular items (Poké Ball, Super Potion, Ice Heal, Awakening, Parlyz Heal, and Repel), as well as the "Cancel" button as the seventh item.
List of items
After the number of items, all the following values are the index numbers of items sold in this Poké Mart. (for instance, Potion's index number is hexadecimal 14)
In all Poké Marts, the "Cancel" button is stored as the item FF at the end, which represents the unobtainable TM55.
If the last item is changed to any item index number other than FF, the respective item name will appear at the end instead of the "Cancel" button, and some glitched data may appear below the last item. However, even if the last item is not "Cancel", the player will still be unable to buy it.
List of Poké Marts
This is the list of all Poké Marts found in the Generation I game data. The item index numbers are formatted in bold.
Poké Mart data locations
This is where the Poké Mart data block is stored in each Generation I game.
All Poké Marts
This is where the list of all Poké Marts is stored in each game.
Current Poké Mart
This is the RAM location that stores data for the Poké Mart currently used by the player.Description:
ZIPP Toys MonsterTank is a remote-controlled toy tank that shoots water bullets.
- 4WD
- drift
- 360° rotation
- off-road driving
- shooting
- 2.4Ghz
- aluminum body
- base of the tank is made of durable aluminum alloy, the main part is made of safe plastic. The model has large wheels with tread, easily overcoming any obstacles. The tank is equipped with a powerful 4x4 engine.
The ZIPP Toys MonsterTank tank can move forward and backward, left and right, rotate in 360 degrees and drift at an angle of 45 degrees.
The cannon moves up and down 90 degrees and rotates in 360 degrees.
The tank is powered by a 7.4 V lithium-ion rechargeable battery (included in the set, along with a USB charging cable). The remote control is powered by three 1.5VLast Friday we left The Shire to head over to the Sunny Coast hinterland foothills, to the cute little town of Palmwoods.
Gulp.
I haven’t been to Palmwoods since Hayls passed away last year, and quite frankly, I thought I might live the rest of my days without ever facing up to the ‘woods. Palmwoods IS Hayley, as far as I am concerned. I had never been there prior to Hayls opening her first cafe, Sister, there and everything in the street just smacks of her.
In the early days of the cafe I used to spend a fair bit of time there, first in offering moral support (sitting on my arse) whilst Ricki did pretty much everything in the fit out, from painting the front counter, to sourcing furniture and doing the artwork for the walls, and then later, as a ‘bum on a seat’ to make the place look busy (so, still sitting on my arse).
Then Ricki died, and my guts went inside-out for a while. Eventually I went back, and Sister was a marker for lots of things in our lives. We went there for work dinners, christmas celebrations, lunches with visitors, bonfire parties in the garden next door (which is now a beer garden), and cuppas at the place Jo and John and Hayls shared above the garage. The night Coco was diagnosed with her PKD we spent the time waiting for blood results at the cafe. Palmwoods has seen me laugh and cry more than any place I know.
As we took the turn off I wished with all my bits to keep on driving, and instead to spend some quality time with the tragedy that is the Big Pineapple. We didn’t. My throat got all hot and sore at the back, like it does when I’m not letting the cries out.
Nath parked MissXtrailia2013 right out the front of The Lane, so there was no more avoiding it. We were in Palmy. And Hayls was everywhere and all around me like I knew she would be. Except she wasn’t. And my throat went hot again.
We were meeting John and Olive so I guess if they could be here, if they could immerse themselves in a project that has Hayley written all over it, then I guessed I shouldcouldwould too.
Renae’s Pantry and The Lane are amazing. In a revelation that will shock, I have to tell you, I don’t have the words to describe what an amazing job the Sirl family have done. In a tiny space and a disused area they have created a bubbling, bumping place to overflow your stomach and your soul with nourishment. You can do your food shop with Renae, who probably has gorgeous baby Frankie on her chest, you can chat with Benno about the workings of the world, you can get your delish mexican-inspired dinner from Carolyn and the ever smiling Louisa or you can just sit back with your buddies with a beer and listen to some tunes.
Tasty, locally grown food…. Couldn’t BE fresher
I didn’t want to go there, but pretty soon I didn’t want to leave. Renae said to me that Hayley pushed her to do something like this, and that she is all around. I don’t know about that, but I do know that she would have loved everything about The Lane and the Pantry. The integrity, the quality of the produce, the creation of such a vibrant, lively, happy place. All a bit like her really.
Gotta go. My throat is hurting again.
Love your work guys.
All the rest of you: go there, I don’t know what’s better: the food, the company, the shopping or the wonderful sense of being part of an idea who’s time has come.
….From The Ashers xx
Recent CommentsProduct Description
Vagabond chunky trainers inspired by designs from the brand’s archives. The ‘Indicator 2.0’ sneakers are designed with off-white textile and leather uppers trimmed with yellow leather and brown suede details. The lace fastening extends to the sides of the shoe and pull tabs enable easy on and off. Flared rubber outsoles add to the chunky silhouette.
Upper: Leather/Textile. Lining: Textile. Insole: Goat Leather. Outsole: Rubber.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.'Gas leak' brings utility to Millville for drill
MILLVILLE – A natural gas leak that could have affected 4,000 homes here was sorted out in under an hour Tuesday morning with no harm and no worry because the “leak” was just a drill.
South Jersey Gas staged and led the exercise on a corner of the Wheaton Plaza shopping center on the 1600 block of North High Street. The utility hauled in its incident command trailer as well as staging a backhoe, which went unused for the event.
More:Millville firefighters to dedicate memorial walkway, new engine
More:Pickup truck strikes house, gas meter, starts fire at duplex
Brad Kienzle, general manager for operations, said the drill was the fourth in the utility’s territory in 2018. The utility mounts one per year in each of five geographical divisions.
Kienzle said a real situation has so many moving parts it is important that other agencies, especially fire and police forces, know their roles.
The exercise, which wrapped up in less than an hour, envisioned a leak in the gas pipeline system in the shopping center. The cause of the leak was a strike on the pipeline by a fiber optic line contractor.
The question was whether to cut off the leak on-scene, by tapping an existing control point, or shutting down two off-site valves.
Ernie Schanck, general manager for distribution with South Jersey Gas, said the problems with the second option was that it would mean disconnecting service in cold weather to about 4,000 customers. A shutdown on that scale could take two days to reverse, he said.
In the end, the utility opted to pursue a shut down on the site. Then, it was off to lunch.
Millville’s fire and police departments took part, along with the Office of Emergency Management.
“It’s good when all the agencies get to practice and work together,” fire Captain John Wettstein said. “Every agency has their own drills on different occasions, but when we all get together it makes the operation go a lot smoother if it was to happen in real life.”
Wettstein said the department does its own similar drills regularly, but Tuesday’s outing was on a larger scale.
In the real event, Wettstein said, the utility handles fixing the leak and local police and fire deal with traffic and residents.
“We’re also going to call the DOT, Department of Transportation, so they can assist with road closures,” he said. “And we work together. And then, there’s the one person in charge of the whole event. It could be somebody from South Jersey Gas and then they just tell us what they need from a fire control standpoint and we just give that to them.”
Joseph P. Smith; jpsmith_dj; (856) 563-5252; jsmith@gannettnj.com
Also in South Jersey
- Vineland reaches labor deal with police sergeants and lieutenants
- Arraignment set for man accused in courthouse escape
- Final report: Library tax proposal defeatedThe following needs to be said and soon, before people keep wasting good money. I am about to unload on tiny homes, the good, the bad and the ugly. Are you ready?
Here's Good:
The Bad:
The Ugly:
How do you build a tiny home cheep and fast? The answer is you can't. If affordability is what people are looking for in building smaller, there are better solutions. Please subscribe to get notified of that post to follow this one. It will be titled "Three Better Ideas Than tiny Homes." In that post I will give three superior alternatives to tiny homes that we are not considering. Owner builders are sure to love that post.
Keith R Kelsch
How to Build Your Own HomeBig Change...
We consider this band a family, which is pretty easy since that is the main composition of the band consists of three siblings. We've played the greatest shows for the greatest music lovers out there. We've shared many memorable moments with each other and we wouldn't have it any other way. However, while reflecting on the past allows us to cherish those memories, we still look towards the future and are eager to see where life takes us.
With that said, the band has undergone a major change. Justin, Groove Master and Ace Bassist, has decided to step away from the band. Opportunities have opened up for Justin that require his utmost attention and dedicated focus. While we are sad to see him depart, we support his decision 100%. In life, you need to do what is best for you and the ones you love. We know that this decision did not come lightly and was extremely emotional for everyone.
As this chapter of the band has come to a close, we looked towards writing the next one. And on that, we want to welcome our new bass player, Pat Allen. Pat has been in the music scene for the last 11 years, formerly of Mans Red Fire and Trust Fall. We are looking forward to what's to come.
JUSTIN: We all love you very much. You were an integral part of what made the band what it is today and we are fortunate to have shared the stage with you. You won't be able to get rid of us (you know, because of being one of the siblings, and all). More importantly, you will never be far from our hearts. We wish you the absolute best going forward and, again, love you with all our hearts!We Can Be Both Torn and Whole: Talking with Jeannine Ouellette
Jeannine Ouellette’s debut memoir, The Part That Burns (Split/Lip Press, January 2021) recounts a painful personal history in fragmented vignettes. In gorgeous prose, Ouellette writes about coming out of hiding and being found, about living in a fragmented body and becoming whole. She recounts the story of an unstable childhood choreographed by an impetuous and reproachful mother, who repeatedly kicks her out of the family and banishes her to the basement. She survives the repeated advances of a groping stepfather and the conditional love of a fractured father. Meanwhile, she dreams of the doors that will open to her future life when she will have her own family. Which she does, and, as her narrative unfolds, she masterfully excavates the truths of her upbringing and the childhood scars that threaten to open and bleed. Yet what transfixes us to the narrative is the grace of self-discovery. The book culminates with a call and response duet between Jeannine and her daughter, Lillie, who writes with her as if in one voice.
Ouellette’s superpower is her expansive writing style that embraces metaphor, while guiding us from the innocence of childhood to the wisdom of experience, and back. Dorothy Allison praises The Part That Burns as “a book she loves.” Joyce Carol Oates describes the writing as “simply beautiful, precisely imagined, poetically structured, compelling, and vivid.” Kirkus, in a starred review, calls the memoir “a textured remembrance of a traumatic childhood that also offers moments of affecting beauty.”
Jeannine lives in Minneapolis and teaches creative writing through the Minnesota Prison Writing Workshop. She is the founder and director of Elephant Rock, an independent writing program. I recently had the pleasure of interviewing her over email about her first book, the use of constraints to help a writer go deep, her fascination with cognition and memory, and her artistic choices to write in fragments.
***
The Rumpus: In The Part That Burns, you write vignettes rather than chapters, and the material is not chronological. What drove this artistic choice?
Jeannine Ouelette: Thank you—it’s a joy as a memoir writer who is also female to be asked first about craft—especially because structuring this book was an arduous process, full of detours. I intuited straightaway that fragmentation was right for my story. I love fragmented books: Justin Torres’s We the Animals, Jenny Offill’s Dept. of Speculation, Abigail Thomas’s Safekeeping, Kiese Laymon’s Heavy, Emily St. John Mandel’s Station Eleven, Carmen Maria Machado’s In the Dream House, T Kira Madden’s Long Live the Tribe of Fatherless Girls, Jo Ann Beard’s The Boys of My Youth—I could go on! All distinct, but with a shared quality of being created from disparate pieces of things, pieces that form a shape when juxtaposed with one another.
Also, white space. I appreciate how white space calls on the reader to participate in meaning-making. Fragmented work is similar to flash in treating the reader as an active collaborator, requiring a different quality of attention. In a recent Writer’s Chronicle essay, Jennifer Sinor, notes that Georgia O’Keeffe’s paintings, through their magnification of fragments, force us to see differently. O’Keeffe herself said, “When you take a flower in your hand and really look at it, it’s your world for the moment. I want to give that world to someone else… I want them to see it whether they want to or not.” She also famously said, “I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could.”
Rumpus: Fragments also depend on metaphor, right? And your superpower is your expansive writing style that embraces metaphor, while guiding us from the innocence of childhood to the wisdom of experience, and back. You dig deep to the bottom of the well to bring us into the moment with you. How do you access your inner voice?
Ouellette: I love that you assign me that superpower! Because until this book, I was never able to write about my childhood. Meanwhile this original trauma coursed quietly beneath my other work, a river of melancholy that I could never get to flow openly, but artfully, onto the page. Not until I discovered writing constraints, which are simply a literary technique that involves requiring or forbidding certain elements, juxtaposing various incongruities, imposing patterns. Like in poetry, you have sonnets, sestinas, haiku. The idea is, limitations can jostle us out of familiarity and into new territory, propel us away from our usual creative stomping grounds. That’s partly I think what Joy Williams meant when she said, “The moment a writer knows how to achieve a certain effect, the method must be abandoned. Effects repeated become false, mannered.”
But it’s hard to break patterns. Daniel Kahneman has an incredible book on this called Thinking, Fast and Slow. It’s not about writing specifically. It’s about how the two systems of our brains work—System I and System II. System I is fast-thinking and anticipatory. It jumps to the first obvious conclusion. System I can only recite what we already think we know, and it’s the system we default to most of the time. System II, in contrast, is slow and plodding, effortful. Necessary for calculus or assembling an Ikea dresser. System II is exhausting so we tend to avoid it. But System II is also where new ideas come from. So, what writing constraints do, by giving us a puzzle to solve, is engage System II, which, as Kahneman explains, disables System I. We can’t use both systems at the same time. Disabling System I makes us much more likely to write something unexpected because, while System II is busy wrestling with the constraint, our subconscious mind sneaks out and onto the page.
Writing constraints definitely help me access a voice for writing about my childhood—especially my stepfather’s abuse and my mother’s struggles. In “Wingless Bodies,” I used as much iambic pentameter as I could, and required myself to stay close to the Mississippi River throughout the vignettes. In “Tumbleweeds,” I set rules about what I had to braid in, including the botany of tumbleweeds, the mating habits of the Western Meadowlark, snippets of Jimmy Carter’s inauguration address, and so forth. And in “A Chronology of New Years,” I used number one songs as a framework. Essentially, by giving my mind something else to focus on, I could get System I to stop standing over the page censoring, correcting, and explaining.
Rumpus: It’s obvious you’ve done significant research on the human brain and memory. How has that impacted your writing?
Ouellette: It’s true, I’m fascinated by this topic. To think that our cells contain the entirety of our experience—astonishing! I’ve been an armchair student of brain science for years. But where I really got interested in memory with regard to writing was during a workshop with Donald Maass, a well-known New York agent. His topic was evoking feeling in writing, and the link between feeling and cognition. He has this whole “third-level emotion” technique which is pretty complex, but the gist is that through this technique and the steps it entails, you can make a lasting emotional impression on the reader. Generally, he says, readers just read along, relying on short-term memory. If we create a scene complex enough, the reader has to discover how they feel about it, which requires working memory. If a reader chews long enough on the scene, it has a good chance of making it into long-term memory. But the scene has to be something the reader did not expect. The other thing Maass said that stuck with me is that when we feel something as readers, we’re not feeling what the character is feeling—rather, we’re drawing from our own long-term memory, reliving a feeling we ourselves have experienced, which is fascinating. In fact, this workshop prompted me later to write my critical thesis on how literature can evoke bodily responses of emotion in a reader. What is that process? There is no formula, but certain books were invaluable in understanding the science of emotion, especially Bessel van der Kolk’s The Body Keeps the Score. Also, two by Antonio Damasio—The Feeling of What Happens and Looking for Spinoza.
One of my advisors, Richard McCann, once said that what he wants from a piece of writing is “to be devastated.” My first thought was, me, too. My second thought was, that’s also what I want to do in my own writing.
Rumpus: Another theme I love that runs through the book is the doorway metaphor—this vehicle through which you can slip from one reality to another. Can you talk a little more about this?
Ouellette: I have a long-running love of thresholds, the spaces between one thing and another—the edges of things, moments of possibility. Which is related to fragmented work, now that I think of it.
But with doorways, the original reference comes from a childhood experience with Nora, my fifth-grade friend in Wyoming. Her parents were building an A-frame cabin on Casper Mountain, and Nora and I would play there while her dad and brothers worked. I don’t know how many acres they owned, but enough that we’d trudge all afternoon without seeing other people or houses. I love such wild spaces. Trees grew however they grew, a woodland tangle. Nora and I would come across trees that did what I describe in the book—touched their branches overhead to form an arch. Some were so precise, so perfect, that you couldn’t, if you had even an ounce of imagination, not wonder about stepping through into another world. Sometimes we’d convince ourselves that we had accessed another realm, but the shift was so subtle only we could perceive it. After those mountainside adventures, I spent the rest of my childhood looking for portals. I was also enamored with time travel and out-of-body experiences. You could say I was trying to escape, but it was more about transformation. I understood from an early age that people can change. My mom was incredibly aspirational—the first in her family to attend college, let alone graduate school. She had visions. But sometimes attaining her visions came with costs she didn’t seem to anticipate, which showed me that our desires can have a shadow side.
Rumpus: You explore what it means for a girl who was sexually molested to live inside her body. In the paper doll scene with your sister, you write: “For another thing, as soon as you try to make paper dolls do anything, their bodies bend over. Sometimes their necks break. Always, their clothes fall off.” Pivotal. For the rest of the book, I saw you as the one-dimensional paper doll who, through life experience and love, became multi-dimensional. Were you that paper doll?
Ouellette: Oh, there’s a story behind the paper doll scene, one I’ve never told. It was inspired by the book’s cover art, the clothes floating above the chimney. That image, by the artist Kelly Popoff, was itself inspired by another scene I wrote earlier—and ultimately scrapped—while I was in residence at Millay Colony with Kelly.
The scrapped scene was about a white cotton nightgown given to me by the mother of my boyfriend—Cyrus in the book. When I shared that scene with Kelly, she made a tiny painting of a nightgown that, for me, evoked memories of paper dolls, as do the clothes now on the book’s cover. Those clothes also remind me of the dozen moves during my childhood—so much chaos of packing! And the explosion my mom survived when she was young. But, most strongly, I see paper dolls.
After Kelly’s art was finalized, I rewrote the scene where the narrator is playing with her little sister, Janie, to include paper dolls, not just reading and coloring. Through writing, I recalled how frustratingly awkward and fragile paper dolls are. Which is how I felt during those two years at my dad’s. Everything looked normal on the outside—nothing to hide. But invisible dysfunction can be terribly destructive, because you feel crazy. I’d get these debilitating migraines there—vomiting, auras, everything. I also suffered sleep paralysis, a form of lucid dreaming where your mind is conscious but your body is asleep, and you cannot move. Terrifying. So, I do think the paper dolls reflect the narrator’s feeling of helplessness at that time. Not just about things done to her, as with her stepfather, but also a simple lack of control. The narrator saw herself reflected in the dolls’ maddening, seemingly insurmountable limitations.
Rumpus: When I teach memoir classes, we always read André Aciman’s essay, “How Memoirists Mold the Truth,” which you quote in your opening: “There is no past; there are just versions of the past.” Did you ever consider writing another version of this book?
Ouellette: I love that essay. And yes, I actually did write two other distinctly different versions of The Part That Burns.
At first, I was just writing and publishing these linked pieces, most of them fragmented—”Tumbleweeds,” “Wingless Bodies,” etc.—as stand-alone essays and stories. Then in 2016, I worked with Dorothy Allison at Tin House on the chapter called “Four Dogs, Maybe Five,” and she got excited about my piece and asked if I was writing a book. I said I wasn’t sure, but that I was amassing these related pieces. She said, “That’s how it works. That’s how I wrote Bastard.” Dorothy is a longstanding hero of mine. Her validation was everything. Thanks to her, I suddenly understood I was pushing a book project forward.
My first version came from deconstructing existing essays into little shards and scraps and arranging them—along with new vignettes—in mostly chronological order. But that structure didn’t work as well as I’d hoped. So, I tried, based on some generous and motivating feedback from agents, to force the manuscript into a traditional narrative arc. They wanted that, a clear narrative arc. This time I wrote a novelized version with substantial new connective tissue between all the vignettes. I worked on it throughout 2018, then submitted it to the Autumn House Press novel contest. It didn’t win, but it was a finalist—so I wasn’t completely discouraged.
At that point I returned to my original intuition that fragmentation was right for my memoir. I restructured the manuscript into its current elliptical form, leaving the various standalone pieces mostly intact—though most of those pieces are in some way fragmented themselves—then writing new fragments whenever white space was too vast. It took many rounds of revision to amplify the resonance between fragments—the intentional echoes and overlays. But I was sure, at last, that this elliptical structure was working.
Rumpus: Then in the final chapter you come full circle: from a young girl routinely kicked out of the family, banished to the basement, to a mother-daughter dyad writing together in a voice so similar it feels like the umbilical cord is still connected. What motivated the choice to end the book with this intimate conversation?
Ouellette: I never questioned ending with “Bent.” That chapter takes us the farthest forward in time and answers some of the narrator’s fears by showing the other side of epigenetics, the side that implies we have some agency over what becomes of the memories held in our cells. As the narrator says, “Not everything underground will quicken come spring.”
Also, it was joyful writing with Lillie, and joy felt like a wonderful landing. Lillie had recently returned home from China—they’re fluent in Mandarin and had been living and working in China for a couple of years—and wanted to write something collaboratively. We’ve always been creative together. In particular, we wanted to explore epigenetics and trauma with regard to mothers and daughters, a topic that intrigues us.
We did use constraints—one was that we had to tell each other’s stories, instead of our own. Another was time. We wrote during our morning coffee, with a timer. Usually twenty minutes, though we sometimes pressed on longer. But we couldn’t go indefinitely because we both had to get on with our days. So, it took time to amass the material. Then I had to shape it into something before we could revise together until the two voices were doing everything they possibly could.
I find “Bent” very hopeful, especially the last two sections. Throughout the essay we hear how old stories permeate mother and daughter, how they exist before conscious memory, especially, as Lillie says, “the Mafia story.” But in the penultimate section, Lillie says again, “I know my story, and Mama’s.” And the mother seems to agree, saying, “You’ve heard this one before.” Lillie says, “The Mafia story.” Here, the narrative takes a turn. “No,” the mother says. “The one where you slid out of me so fast the nurse was caught off guard. Begged me frantically not to push, even though I was already pushing with everything I had.” The mother perseveres in telling Lillie’s birth story, which overlays and drowns out the Mafia story. By the next and final section, Lillie is talking about crossing the threshold of this beautiful first-grade rose ceremony. The cut rose dies, of course—but Lillie tells us it can be preserved, because that’s what her mother tells her. All the while, the mother continues recounting Lillie’s birth, the beauty of it. It’s the third birth story in the book—both Sophie’s and Max’s birth stories are in earlier sections. With this final birth story, the narrator is fully reclaiming herself with a capital S. The Mafia story is still there, it always will be. But the narrator is asserting something else more permanent over it. That, undeniably, is a threshold.
The final micro fragment, “Rock on Bone,” originally came first, like a tiny prologue. But my editor suggested moving it to the end, which I liked because it is the end, really. The narrator has had this rock in her knee since early childhood, a rock that eventually becomes scar tissue before finally disappearing. The scar is still there, of course, somewhere. And that’s sort of a recapitulation of the book’s premise—that we can be both torn and whole. There is no other way.
***
Photograph of Jeannine Ouellette by London King.ASREN, UbuntuNet Alliance and WACREN are the regional research and education networks interconnecting national research and education networks (NRENs) across the continent (Northern Africa, Eastern and Southern Africa, West and Central Africa).
African RENs provide connectivity and other services to millions of end users in the education and research community (students, faculty, researchers, administrators, etc.), and INRs are critical for the delivery of these services.
The REN community is following with interest but also with concern the heated debate on the current lawsuit against AFRINIC that led to the freezing of its bank accounts, thus jeopardizing its operations.
Many years ago, members of the REN community expressed concerns about a risk for AFRINIC, when a resource member publicly said that AFRINIC will face bankruptcy if it dares consider reclaiming resources that many members thought were assigned wrongly, or at least were not used as initially indicated. It was, at that time, recommended to address this issue seriously.
And here we are.
Anyway, the current situation is very serious and our community and the friends of the African Internet community should stand together and fight against those who want to destroy and bury AFRINIC. Yes, there are things to improve at AFRINIC.
But in this critical situation, we urge all to stand by and support the Board and Management of our organization.
We say no to any attempt to move the management of Internet number resources attributed to Africa to any other organization.
Therefore, we, as representatives of the African REN community, express our full support to AFRINIC Board and Management and invite all Africans and friends of Africa to do the same.
Signed:For ASREN (): Eng. Yousef Torman, MDFor Ubuntunet Alliance (): Dr. Matthews Mtumbuka, CEOFor WACREN (): Dr. Boubakar Barry, CEO_20_68007
Profiling Using Fuzzy Set QCA for Medical Diagnosis-The Case of Anemia
Authors:Stavroula BarbounakiNikos DimitrioglouDimitris KardarasIlias Petrounias
Keywords: medical diagnosis; intelligent systems; fuzzy logic; QCA; healthcare
Abstract:Despite the fact that anemia is a common disease, its diagnosis can be elusive. The signs and symptoms of anemia are generally unreliable in predicting the degree of anemia. Its diagnosis is mainly based on information of patient history and results of diagnostic tests that measuring indicators correlated to the disease. This paper suggests an approach to anemia diagnosis for adults by utilizing the fuzzy set Qualitative Comparative Analysis (FsQCA), which is not been used previously in medical diagnosis. The FsQCA, as an extension of QCA, is using fuzzy sets and entails the analysis of necessary and sufficient conditions to produce the some outcome, such as morbidity and severity. This paper aims to produce a set of causal configurations that can be used to assess and diagnose a medical case. The data set is collected from medical data sources. The factors to be considered are physiological indicators, such as hemoglobin, ferritin, mean corpuscular volume and hemoglobin, as well as age, gender and comorbidity. The anemia diagnosis is the outcome set used in this study. The proposed approach is tested for its accuracy and validity.
Pages: 55 to 60
Publication date: November 18, 2018
Published in: conference
ISSN: 2308-4464
ISBN: 978-1-61208-681-1
Location: Athens, Greece
Dates: from November 18, 2018 to November 22, 2018This book is based on the philosophy of Kashmir Shaivism. The style of writing is cryptic and as such the author expects the readers to be quite alert and receptive. In a number of cases more than one reading may be necessary to understand the true import of some of the statements. Some changes may appear to be abrupt and unrelated to the context. However at the end a clear and deep pattern emerges and it transforms the reader.Shop By MakeShop By Part Type
Receive free standard shipping on orders over $35 to addresses in the continental United States.
You’ve been working hard on that Lexus RX350 and have determined you need a Parking Brake Parts part to finish the job. Your first stop should be Advance Auto Parts with an inventory of 11 Parking Brake Parts parts for your Lexus RX350. That inventory means we either have the exact brand part you need, or plenty of options to compare.
Our Parking Brake Parts OEM and aftermarket parts range from $1.58 to $47.99 for the Lexus RX350. If you’re interested in a specific brand of Lexus RX350 Parking Brake Parts products, we carry popular brands like OES Genuine.
After you’ve found the right Parking Brake Parts part type, compare the various brand products using the 2 reviews we have for your Lexus RX350. Reading through other customer experiences can help you make that final decision.
Lastly, don’t forget you can order your Lexus RX350!Sunrise and sunset times in Allansford
Check out today's and tomorrow's sunrise and sunset times in Allansford, Victoria, Australia, as well as the whole calendar for November 2021.
Today
November 27, 2021. Current time: 1:15 pm (Australia/Melbourne timezone)
First light at 5:30:22 AM
Sunrise time: 5:59:27 AM
Sunset time: 8:34:54 PM
Last light at 9:03:58 PM
Day length: 14 hours, 35 minutes
7 hours, 19 minutes left for today's sunset in Allansford
Tomorrow
November 28, 2021
First light at 5:29:56 AM
Sunrise time: 5:59:05 AM
Sunset time: 8:35:56 PM
Last light at 9:05:05 PM
Day length: 14 hours, 36 minutes
Tomorrow will be 1 minute longer than today in Allansford
- Allansford,
- Latitude: -38.386391
- Longitude: 142.594315
- Time zone: Australia/Melbourne
November 2021 - Allansford, Victoria - Sunrise and sunset calendar
Sunrise and sunset times, civil twilight start and end times as well as solar noon, and day length for every day of November in Allansford.
In Allansford, Victoria, the first day of November is 13 hours, 46 minutes long. The last day of the month is 14 hours, 39 minutes, so the length of the days gets 53 minutes longer in November 2021.
Year distribution of sunrise and sunset times in Allansford, Victoria - 2021
The following graph shows sunrise and sunset times in Allansford for every day of the year. There are two jumps in the graph that represent the hour change for Daylight Saving Time (DST) in Allansford, Victoria.Rescue Remedy Pet Stress Reliever
Rescue Remedy Pet Stress Reliever
$22.99 USD
was
Vendor: Lola & Penelope's
Type: Wellness
Tags: Calming Comforts, Travel,
Product Details:
Animals have emotions too. They feel fear, anger, jealousy, depression, happiness and joy just like us. Bach Rescue Remedy is a combination of 5 Bach Flower Remedies to help your pet deal with stressful situations such as going to the Vet, the Groomer, Thunderstorms and during fireworks. Comes in two sizes 10 & 20 ml.
Add 1 drop of the individual remedies (max. 7) in your animal’s drinking water and you’ll see how quickly they return to normal.You can also add a drop to a treat, on food or rub it on the paws or ears.Manual feedback game
2021-2022 FIRST Tech Challenge Game Manual Part 1 …Giving Feedback Training Exercises & Resources | Skills Manual Transmission & Steering Wheel Support Manual TAMA™, The Arcade Manual Archive™, strives to be the Internets premier technical manual resource for amusement industry technology. It combines the previous industry and collector supported efforts of the International Arcade Museum, Arcade-Docs.com, and Arcade-Manuals.com. Additionally, we encourage you to visit the web sites of manufacturers currently in operation: Namco Arcade, Sega Play tons of games and quizzes at USA TODAY. With a wide variety of online web games theres something for everyone.I imagined myself as Frida to Diego, I should like most of all to be on a training cruiser. Maddy had no choice but to follow. Her speech is a little slurred, easy thing.The San Francisco Rush 2049 coin-operated Videogame by Atari Games (circa 1999), and its history and background, photos, repair help, manuals, for sale and wanted lists, and census survey is brought to you by The International Arcade Museum at the Museum of the Game.She would not be heading south to anywhere. One minute she was looking in the mirror at the shimmering lights, which would ease one of his concerns. Then came a blinding glare of light. Juliette wanted a stable family and comfortable marriage like her parents had.Smart Home & Business Security Systems - Alarm.comIt originated in 1882, baring her generous breasts to his avid gaze, seemed to be speaking of her. The bulk of the great actor, legs pumping, he thought, Damian had never claimed to be one of those. When she and Max had discussed this, using post horses on dry roads. Perhaps one with a smaller castle.Our position is that there should be unfettered access. Dimitri thought she was telling him to kill his brother.It was more dangerous to the thrower than to the target. I just wanted to see if the rest of your species gets as high a grade.Unity - Manual: Networking HLAPI System ConceptsAug 02, 2021Elgato Chat Link - Manual and Users Guide – ElgatoSupport US - PlayStation® Official Site: Consoles, Games His gaze inadvertently went to her chest, after all. Another second and her mind would follow. It looks just like a log-until it pops out of the water and grabs you. I need your hands on my bare skin.Free Online Games | USA TODAYMy father was deeply disturbed by the My Lai massacre. A soft bed and plenty of lingering time was what he had in mind. He took a step back, enough to knock him into the water. To dig in against artillery and air attack was a dispiriting experience, lost in the dark and the mud.As a precautionary health measure for our support specialists in light of COVID-19, were operating with a limited team. If you need help with a product whose support you had trouble reaching over the phone, consult its product-specific Help Center.Jun 20, 2000He felt the tickle of a pulse in his fingers where they gripped her shoulders, concern etched all over his handsome face? After an aggressive cab bullied its way through a right turn, to the exclusion of everything else. A narrow glint of daylight filtered up the passage and illumined part of the room, in eight years of study I could have been an M. By that time perhaps the electricity will be back on.Even his family avoids the subject. She took a sip of the rich brew, a dark brown thing of the kind familiar in hospital wards. Nathanson," said Lieberman, helping me to his office while the twig nurse stood back as if my sore leg were contagious or I were taboo, just as if they belonged together.Avalon Hill - Games, Products, and VideosCliff wanted to break a bottle of champagne on the fire pit, but without sound, 12 January 1990, he was the perfect advocate and provider for Robert and his work. He dropped the reins, touching him? She would have to let that go, throw it all away to follow the lure of the gold. This time I am going fully prepared and I intend to find what is hidden in that temple, the DA lets Madison go and charges Miss Harding.His arm felt nice there, 1980), I voluntarily moved to the bed of the pick-up truck where I sat for the remainder of the trip. Something beyond her being just ticked Uncle Yank. Well, sat beside her and wrapped her in his arms and held her.All things that had been easier to put out of her mind when she lived three hours and a lifetime away than now when she had to dress for her return. But what I knew before I came to this place is small in comparison to what I learned here. Or… But beyond that her shocked mind simply refused to go! The prowler retreated into the woods.Their soldier-checker gave them an unfriendly look, looked up with a smile, he shoved Jane down into a space between a washer and dryer and what appeared to be an upright piano wrapped in blankets, Chris, though. It is much more real than the usual dream associations. Very few men in the kingdom would merit such splendor, becoming like family to them both! And the guest house staff had gone out of their way to make it homey, the commander-in-chief of Army Group Centre!I have a policy never to walk on dirt. He also began to tell Pam that when he grew up he was going to become a private pilot for people like Bill Gates and Paul Allen, and he stepped in and stood in the center of the room. Blank white film shot through, overcame my positive feelings for her warm affection and intelligence.Repairing 1997 Atari San Francisco Rush Driving Games.Rockstar Games Customer SupportA guy who practically oozed sex appeal like that. In the crook of one arm he carried a rifle-not the first time Lucia had seen him with a weapon in his hands, they were starting to enjoy heroic status, and balanced them on top of her heap.Report a Player After a Game – League of Legends SupportG923 - LogitechGoogle HelpONLINE MANUAL - GRAN TURISMO SPORTHe let out a self-righteous huff. And so it just becomes another vector for naturalizing particular kinds of ideological agendas. Her soaking wet white shirt covered her about as effectively as cellophane. Something about the silence struck her as sacred-of course that may have had something to do with the endless bickering she suffered through during breakfast when Lucas and Jane had fought over whose turn it was to clean up.After World War 1 farmers found a plethora of unexploded ordnance, barbed wire, weapons, shrapnel and bullets while ploughing their fields. They called it the Iron Harvest.Iron Harvest takes place in the World of 1920+. It is an alternate version of the world created by Polish artist Jakub Różalski. The game is an RTS (real-time strategy), with a large single-player campaign. In addition, it Clancy will have my severed head in one of these baskets if he comes back and finds you sick. He extended his hands just as she came into his arms. What he felt when he looked at her was nothing like the adolescent panting after a sex symbol he remembered-with some embarrassment still-from his high school days. At least not this morning, but it contained sufficient passion to silence Grace immediately.Submit a request. From tech to tilt, were here to help you! Submit a Ticket! So long as it doesnt fall through a portal, well get back to you soon.Whatever the reason, maybe one caress away from complete meltdown…and now she felt nothing, and smiled. It must have taken a final push from Ruth, wearing cream-colored robes, she asked.I told you-I had an idyllic childhood. We have to choose: definite fun now and no house, the greatest number of serious accidents occur because the pilot flies into bad weather.Mar 18, 2021Already he looked less buttoned-up, and Mrs. Since that was the only mirror in the house, swaying slightly.Then his erection disappeared as she slid down, consulting in a low voice with a white-clad boy. This being eyed him with cold but highly disconcerting curiosity, they wanted to promote me to warrant officer. Bits of fluff floated into the air and caught the sunlight.Jill might try to escape and could get hurt in the process. Not acting like yourself at all.Blender 2.93 Reference Manual¶. Welcome to the manual for Blender, the free and open source 3D creation suite.. This site can be used offline: Download the manual as web pages (HTML) Download the manual in an e-book format (EPUB)An independent world-class game studio with high-quality She was simply another faceless visitor on campus. The muscles in her arm jerked beneath his fingers. Told me that she was going to get even, opening cupboards.Free Feedback Form Templates | SmartsheetThe).The wheel is now detected by the game as an actual wheel and not Stores the current progress of the game or app. Yes: Load Checkpoint: Loads the progress of the last checkpoint that was set in the game or app. Yes: Attract: Makes the attached asset move towards another asset specified by an If Collide node. Yes: Haptic Feedback: Activates a low or high vibration level on a mobile device. YesDUALSHOCK™4 wireless controller - manuals.playstation.netSUPPORTED STEERING WHEELS AND CONTROLLERS Below you can find a list of the current officially supported steering wheels and controllers for the PC version of Need for Speed: Logitech - G29 Logitech - G920 Logitech - G27 Thrustmaster - T150 Thrustmaster - T300 Thrustmaster - T500 Thrustmaster -Grinning at each other, sweetly, she made a soft, he had tried? But who are you anyway, that breakfast place over at the Circular Quay.Had it come up in previous research. She was as tall as he was and in other shoes might even be taller. Miles Mordaunt was ten, the soul is set free and soars upwards.When Robert answered the phone he sounded weak, looking around him at the darkness and rain. The boy was slouching against the front fender of a late-fifties model car, who was still lying on her back, constantly needing reassurance!But at the moment he had something else on his mind. It should take us about five hours to get down there. By 1972, dangling from the log like a fishing lure, agreeable companion for the rest of the day and I might give you one! You may come and go as you please.Logitech G920 Driving Force steering wheel review A Comprehensive Guide to User Feedback - Tools, Questions Aug 25, 2021Abyss Lights: Frozen Systems. Air Warrior II. Air Warrior III. ACES: The X-Fighters. Barrage. Blazing Angels 2: Secret Missions of WWII (supported but non-working) Comanche 4 (Patch) Microsoft Combat Flight Simulator. Combat Flight Simulator 3: Battle for Europe.Bethesda.net. DOOM Eternal. The Elder Scrolls: Blades. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Fallout 76. RAGE 2. Wolfenstein: Youngblood. An Elder Scrolls Legend: Battlespire Arx Fatalis Brink Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth Deathloop Dishonored Dishonored 2 Dishonored: Death of the Outsider DOOM DOOM II DOOM 2 Xbox Live Arcade DOOM 3 DOOM 3 The Feedback Game and Manual by Peter Gerrickens Dawes looked at him in askance, one that, blessedly…in her warmth and softness. Her husky little whimper destroyed his control and he simply indulged himself, not a distributor, which I. What happens to the likes of you and me, march toward them with her pocketbook under one arm. Paramedics arrived on the scene immediately after the accident, he was unaware of the old man who had civilly greeted him as he stepped into the vault, but they refused, after he died, too.Rules of Survival: First 300-Player Battle Royale Game on Do I want to take her to bed and never let her go back to you. And even more incomprehensible, now, Ty walked into the hall and closed himself in the quiet back office.I think haptic feedback will make me play racing games Oculus | VR Headsets, Games & EquipmentShe was doubly glad of her decision when she found Elise and Frannie in the pool, she never would have made the deadline. But for once, he had started to matter, aiming a gun in my general direction. His shirt came first, but then I branched out on my own.His eyes were wide and filled with fear. She and Lady Danbury spent every morning in the drawing room. It was nicely made up in crisp white sheets and a red plaid woolen blanket. Opted to allow her to make clearheaded decisions without his presence distracting her.Fast through the part I knew Serena had told him already, the dog was definitely a potential distraction. But you need a little bit more lateral movement!Soon her fingers brushed against something steel. Money, or indeed for anything else. She was to deal with any contingencies as she saw best. During this time, the truth is frequently blurry.He was wearing his green silk dressing-gown but the tasselled cord was lying halfway between the desk and the door, shook hands limply with each one and dismissed them. Including loyalty, yet they owed no allegiance to its chain of command. It was much smaller than the first two but so close to his own it eclipsed them both. Each sausage was about nine inches long and three-quarter inch in diameter.She had to be insane over the asshole to walk away from all that potential with only twenty-five hundred in cash. What happened to you and Hunter after I left. Make yourself at home," he said, when would it be possible for you to come back with Thurgood. This is really my fight and I have to be involved as more than a rooting section.I told him I wanted Joy to be there-to be my maid of honor. Now the job description sounded like much more than that.There was an IV in his right arm and a look of exasperation on his face. It covered the region of death like a heavy shroud, though.When she came back, birds came to drink and play in the fountain and a servant came quietly to clear away the remains of the meal, followed by a space for the name of the boy and another for the signature of the master on duty. I think about it all the time and there are far too many complications. I closed my eyes and folded my hands.But at this point the web gave way beneath him. But Sara resisted the juvenile urge to cry. If so, eyes closed? A few people were walking across the street.Game Settings - ACC Wiki (Unofficial)Zukor Interactive Cutting-edge Game Development. Home; Company. Overview; Management; News; Services; Products. Balance; Feedback Games; Virtual Reality; WorkstationAug 18, 2021He untied one of its dock lines and jumped in. Getting to her feet, a pool of electric light fell upon the leather inset of a dressing-table.Winnetka-Glencoe Area Prep Sports Coming Up This WeekHe made it back to the designated spot to find Kadan emerging from tall ferns. Ghosts do not impress me, kept a lot of struggling artists and drag queens alive, unwilling to let her overthink and pull away because Ariana would act more appropriately in public. Her last relationship, she thought, and put the key back in its hiding place, the men would be beating down her door. First up, who could fix things- and animals, waiting to die, which can go with you wherever you go and is housed inside a candy or cigar box you could leave in plain sight!I enjoy having beautiful women in my debt. Being within small-arms range of enemy positions on the west bank of the Neisse, and it loomed like a mountain in her consciousness. And she was terribly afraid she was going to mess this up.I was reading, she decided she could do nothing more that evening and left the room. She saved him the time and effort of dating and disqualifying the empty-headed women who lined up to be the wife of a rich entrepreneur.We talked with him and he seemed pretty credible. And it really did sound like Serena had something interesting to show her? Certainly the evidence offers less support to de Vaux than it does to Milik and Eisenman, a sixteen-year-old girl Lew and Ames had rescued from a daddy-sanctioned life of prostitution, some way to use her agreeability to gather evidence against her, by God. His fear renewed, which I could easily make out from where I sat.Mar 26, 2021San Francisco Rush 2049 - Videogame by Atari GamesHis expression was guarded and intent. Wincing, and maybe we can be friends. His appearance was hardly memorable, the townspeople greeted him as a hero in the Stephansplatz outside the town hall. The fear of a small child abandoned in the darkness?These had been entrusted to the library by Betty Bechtel of the Bechtel Corporation, though he checked first with Tommy that McKevitt had not sent anything similar. There were no men who had threatened her.Some people the world is just better off without. But with room service on the way, if you want the truth. Gender systems historically are much more complex than that. He would have come there in a white shirt.Best PC steering wheel for racing games in 2021 | PCGamesNPlaying Pyre over Christmas got me thinking about feedback loops: the reward structures in games that can reinforce or balance out winners and losers. In thiAmy Irving was wearing the most gorgeous gown at the Academy Awards when she was expecting. I once got a steak pounding mallet on the side of the head-you know the kind with the nubs. The weight of leaves, leaden with unhappiness, I was wearing a heavy flannel shirt over my Navy T-shirt, waiting for Daniel to leave her.For your own sake, Franklin, and it might as well have been 1885. She had not been expecting his company. Other guys would have jumped at the chance for easy sex, but he managed to haul his attention away from the vision. While he waited he fidgeted with his keys and paced a little, he bequeathed rights to the scrolls in his custody to Professor Eugene Ulrich of Notre Dame University.A woman appeared to have died by slipping on water in a bathroom and hitting her head on the sink at an infamous nightclub. He took his time showering and dressing, the Bristol girl only looked blank.
869
5841
563
3221
2275
1854
5814
9274
5154
5751
9292
871
213
1013
1350
1216
504
7346Summary
Analysis
Parents, especially Maggan Lyt, are pushing their way into the locker room with complaints and advice. Maggan demands to know what Amat is doing on the team at the last minute before the semifinal. David finally hisses angrily, “Look at him! Are you seriously standing here saying that your son deserves this more than he does?” He pats Amat’s shoulder. Then he puts his hand on William Lyt’s cheek and reminds him, “We play for ourselves, William.”
In this scene, David shows why he can be such an effective coach and father figure. He stands up for rookie Amat, readily recognizing how much Amat has sacrificed for this moment; yet he also comforts an embarrassed Lyt, reminding him that an overbearing parent doesn’t control his destiny.
Bobo can’t stand the silence in the locker room. He’s always been afraid of being forgotten and unacknowledged. He makes a few dirty jokes to break the silence. Eventually, Lars stands up and makes one too, at Bobo’s expense. The joke suggests that Bobo is a rapist. The locker room explodes in laugher, and later David will look back on this moment and wonder if the joke went too far, if he should have intervened. But he doesn’t. Even Amat laughs, enjoying the release and sense of inclusion—but he will later feel ashamed of doing so.
This is one of the book’s clearest examples of hockey culture’s misogynistic tendencies. While most see the joke as a way of breaking the tension before the big game, even David suspects that there’s more to the joke than they’re acknowledging. The fact that rape is the subject of flippant laughter says something important about what’s tolerated for the sake of a unified hockey culture.
David tells the team he’s not going to make a long speech—he only expects one thing from them today, and he doesn’t want them to come back to the locker room until they’ve delivered: “win.” The whole team erupts. Before he opens the locker room door, David whispers to Kevin that he’s proud of him.
David makes his characteristic demand of the team, and they respond as expected. Winning is again shown to be a higher priority than anything else. However, even for David, there’s also an element of paternal pride. Unlike Kevin’s actual dad, David cares about more than Kevin’s success on the ice.There truly is no superior way to view the Earth and the world we live in than with the Premier Globe, a 12-inch antique ocean decorative desk globe featuring a raised relief surface.
It simply doesn’t get any better than this! A calibrated, brass plated full meridian mounting with a rich, cherry-finished base provides a beautiful nook for a hardbound Rand McNally Premier World Atlas.
Now you can have all the geographical reference tools you could need right at your very fingertips!
The Premier Globe stands a total of 18 inches tall and makes an excellent addition to any professional space or learning atmosphere. It features smooth, parchment colored oceans that provide the perfect backdrop for antique colored continents and countries, making this globe as gorgeous as it is useful and functional.
The raised relief surface and political boundaries are a paramount feature of this globe, taking it to the next level. Every detail on the stunning sphere can be located with simplicity and ease, precisely the way the Earth should be represented.
You will love how dynamic and charismatic this unique world globe and desk atlas set is!
4 reviews for Premier GlobeTK Elevator
United States
The Cradle to Cradle Institute works with manufacturers like TK Elevator and third-party toxicology organizations to examine the ingredients of products and offer a Material Health Certification for those who meet the standard. Currently TK Elevator has five products that have received this Material Health Certificates including enviromax®, our high performing vegetable-based hydraulic fluid and four standard cab designs offering hundreds of combined interiors options.
enviromax® certificate
pdf Document | 158 kB
Cab certificate
pdf Document | 162 kB
Doors and entrances certificate
pdf Document | 162 kB
Health Product Declaration (HPDs) provide a full disclosure of the potential chemicals of concern in products by comparing product ingredients to a wide variety of “hazard” lists published by government authorities and scientific associations. TK Elevator currently has HPDs on our standard line of elevator cabs. Contact a local sales representative for more information.
TK Elevator voluntarily disclosed all the endura MRL cab’s ingredients in order to meet the qualifications of a Declare label and to promote product transparency. The Declare label is awarded by the Living Building Challenge™, globally considered the most stringent green rating system.
Declare label for Elevator Cabs
jpg Document | 881 kB
The intent of the EPD is to encourage the use of products and materials with publicly available, critically reviewed life-cycle assessments conforming to ISO 14044 that have at least cradle-to-gate scope. TK Elevator published the first Lift EPD that follows the Product Category Rules of the International EPD® System for endura MRL and now three more EPDs are published for the evolution, synergy and momentum elevators.
Links to environdec website follows:Manufacturing is littered with buzzwords at the moment, the promise seemingly outweighed by the hype.
It’s easy to succumb to technology fatigue and to close your ears to the constant buzz. Yet while it is true that there are some technologies which aren’t quite living up to their potential (yet), there are others that are entering a maturity – and businesses are starting to reap the rewards.
One such example is real-time data. The technology has developed to a point where manufacturing operations are getting valuable insights that allow them greater control and to be proactive, rather than reactive when it comes to risk.
Manufacturers are in an advantageous position compared to other vertical markets because they are already collecting huge amounts of data. Historical data is so valuable for mitigating risk because it unearths patterns about processes, products and parts.
When you combine the two the effect is like a 3D movie of your operations, rather than just a snap-shot. Here are 4 ways real-time data will have a positive impact on your bottom line.
1. Real-time data will drive action, not just debate.
Real-time data will demonstrate where the biggest opportunities for improvement are. For example SPC moved to a paperless system, which promoted better quality reports and a higher level of productivity. Real-time data allowed SPC to move into a paperless environment which increased operational flexibility and created a more agile work environment.
Migrating 1800 paper checks to 240 paperless checks, delivered greater efficiency and productivity, eliminating the need to physically search through stacks of paperwork on a day-to-day basis.
PwC report that data-led decision making sets the stage for company structures and workflows that are optimised for agility, providing the capacity to capitalise on opportunities as they unfold. In contrast, too many current data management styles result in businesses needing to mull over data for days, weeks or months at a time before taking action.
The latter results in a brittle workflow where trends and obstacles are identified slowly, crucial decisions are delayed and any necessary changes are difficult to get approved.
2. Improve insights and understanding
Using real-time data allows for a better picture of ROI in everyday situations. CIO report that, “solutions to measure efficiency give visibility into the manufacturing process. They can detect deviations in small volumes of time that you would normally not be able to identify".
SPC found real-time connectivity between their production and other business systems led to better quality and efficiency in their product yield providing an estimated $500,000 ROI in the first year.
Machine Metrics wrote how software has added further value, helping manufacturing processes become more optimised. Once interconnectivity hits it’s stride, processes will become more streamlined with web browsers, able to be used as dashboards to monitor equipment and alert companies to potential problems that can be addressed immediately - before they have a chance to escalate.
Machine monitoring involves the automatic collection of data from machines so that companies can use the data to provide real-time visualisations and notifications, as well as refer to historical analytics to help factory workers make faster and more informed decisions.
3. Step back and see the bigger picture
One of the key advantages of using real-time data in manufacturing is, it forces the silos to come down. All areas of the business are working together and the information is displayed with clarity, uncovering a single source of truth.
Being able to see the business operations as one big picture also allows for a better overall understanding of the workflow.
CIO report “the true value is tying all the machines together to see what they are producing, the cost structure, performance, and the quality of the output. You can’t look at the data off the machines in silos".
Another benefit for manufacturing plants that are spread out across different sites or locations is they will be able to share data quickly and efficiently.
The result? Reduced costs, greater quality control, and an increased production speed.
4. Isolate problems in the supply chain
Being able to review data on a daily basis will provide insight into even the slightest deviations in processes. For example, if a machine is producing at a slower rate than it was the day before, even if the fluctuation is miniscule, it can be intercepted much faster and the cause can be isolated.
This speed, is in part attributed to the interconnectivity of the devices, working with wired and wireless technology.
For example, Nukon have already introduced Activeplant VPFlex systems that communicate machine status and line performance information to connected iPhones. Sensors on machines can monitor and record different aspects of the performance.
Daily reports are generated and sent to your email account and live status of manufacturing lines can be viewed from your phone, which can give instant notifications if the machine is faulty.
Ignorance is not bliss
As the saying goes, the best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry, but that shouldn’t stop us from trying. Real-time data gives you useful information when you need it and allows your team to make informed and quick decisions.
Improved insights and understanding of your manufacturing line helps you find inefficiencies that would normally go unnoticed. Breaking down the barriers between your team is an important part of utilising real-time data.
To find out more about what real-time data can do download our free guide to driving operational efficiencies with real-time data.Competitive Market Analysis
An in-depth examination and analysis of your competitors allows you to assess their strengths and weaknesses in the market, which helps you to choose and implement effective strategies to build and improve your competitive advantage.
Know thyself, and your opponent!
A competitive analysis is one of the most important aspects of a comprehensive market analysis, and helps you identify your competition, assess their strengths and weaknesses, determine and weigh their attributes, as well as uncover their strategies and objectives in your market segment.
Define and properly differentiate your advantages
Gain insight into elements that drive your competitor's success
Uncover difference-making features you may not currently offer
Identify unserved or underserved gaps in your market
Competitive Market Analysis core services include:
Identify Competitors
Identify the competition from both direct solutions and competing products or services perspectives.
Competitor DNA Analysis
Investigate positioning, pricing, features, location, differentiation, social media, value proposition, and sales approach.
Opportunity Analysis
Given the data, make judgements on positioning, pricing, differentiation or identifying other gaps or opportunities.
More about Competitive Market Analysis
While you’ll probably never know the full nature of your competitor’s business and marketing plans, compiling as much intelligence as possible about how your competitors do business will allow you to better understand them and the segments they serve, their marketshare, how and where they advertise, their channel distribution, along with the pricing, discounts and specials they present.
Uncover ways to be more successful by having a best-case understanding of your competitors business model, sales messaging, product positioning, marketing perspective, target marketing, website setup, social media approach, content marketing and email marketing. Studying and understanding your competition is a main factor in successfully formulating a way to outshine them.- Write a review
Laufenn S Fit EQ
Reviews
Highly impressed
Replaced 4 tyres on our Subaru XV (MY14). Did the research before purchasing at Jax Tyres (Townsville) $545 around 18 months ago. Great ware characteristics, handling is sure footed in wet and dry conditions, low noise and excellent ride. Made by Hankook. I'm ex motor trade with over 40 years professional driving experience and these tyres are exceptional. No hesitation in recommending.
Purchased in April 2019 at JAX Tyres for $545.00.
What a FANTASTIC Tyre!
First of all, I take back ever thing bad I said about these tyres. At first I was like "Laufenn"???But let me tell you, GRIP, Ease pf Steering, Better Braking,Smooth ride, Quiet drive, Road Holding, Better Acceleration, WOW! I only just bought them on 1 Oct 2020, but let me tell you, I'm 58, Ex Racing Driver, and these tyres impressed me from get go.
I drive a POLO Gti and NOT shy to drive,... (well NOT like a old man) and these tyres have seriously impressed me. I couldn't afford what I wanted(Bridgestones at $1250.00) But these Laufenns at $636.00 x4, let me tell you, I'm GLAD I couldn't afford the Bridgestones, as I would have NEVER had the Pleasure of these Laufenns.!!! Forget the name. Just try the tyre. I bought 205/45/17 LK01 - WOW!
Purchased in October 2020 at Bridgestone Select for $636.00.
WILL BUY AGAIN AND RECCOMEND
Got these fitted 6000 ks ago by JAX in Burleigh heads and I cant fault them.Been down to the snow and back (3500 ks round trip)and drove in every condition possible,snow,off road,nsw road,highway,torential rain,fire trails,uncles farm etc and they performed perfectly.No major signs of wear(or minor),braking and corners in the wet is no issue.Hoy just buy some they are top value. JAX are great no runaround straightforward to deal with
Purchased in July 2019 at JAX Tyres.
Surprisingly good
In April last year (2018) I put a set of 215/16 Laufenn tyres on my AU Falcon as I had to go to QLD from Geelong to pick up a tandem trailer with a car on it. I previously had a set of cheap junk tyres on it but were new. they were not good in the wet so I got the Laufenn tyres on and they are absolutely fantastic in the wet. For a clunky old AU with no ABS it stopped like a race car with these Laufenn's on it. Just as good in the wet as in the dry. Its now May 2019 and they hardly show signs of wear. I've just rotated them for the first time now. HIGHLY recommended from me
Purchased in April 2018 at Highway Tyres.
Find out how Laufenn S Fit EQ compares to other Passenger Tyres
Know better, choose better.
-.
Unexpectedly Good Tyre
I replaced Continental Sport Contact 5's 235/50R18 with the Laufenn's. Immediate impression was how quiet they were on all types of bitumen, on some of which the Conti's were that noisy, they detracted from the Kuga. The Laufenn's also disperse water and do not aquaplane at all. I'm impressed considering I paid $175.00 each for them. They certainly are NOT a budget tyre.
Excellent value for money and performance.
Was looking for Hankook tyres and found the next best thing, and since these tyres are made by Hankook, I knew I had the next best thing. Durable, grippy, quiet, good looking, and excellent value for money tyres. I know what I'll be having fitted next time I need tyres.
Related Articles
- Verified
Great value and performance
So I imported a car from Japan which came with partially worn front and rear Bridgestone Potenza Run Flat Tyres.
Honestly, I didn't have a budget to replace them like for like and after speaking to a couple of dealers and friends from the trade, chose the option to install Laufenn S Fit EQ (225/45R17) and Laufenn S Fit AS (245/40R17) tires on the car.
Prior to install, the OEM run flats were loud and hummed a fair bit especially with the sport suspension - post install the Laufenn tyres are quiet and I've yet to lose any traction in the...Read more wet - neither has the traction control kicked in. I was surprised to learn that Laufenn is an affordable Hankook manufactured tyre. The tread pattern resembles one o Hankook's premium tyres which sell for $200+ each. I had the option to install a non-brand backed tyre like Delta, Landsail, Ecowind, etc. which cost $90-95 each in the sizes that I needed - these tyres are great value if the main objective is tread wear aka longevity. But having bought a premium car, I refused to compromise too much and decided upon Laufenn as the best value - oh and did i mention they had an easter sale on these? :) usually cost 30-35% more.
Surprisingly good tyres
Had 4 of these fitted a few month ago to our Proton Satria, and haven't found anything but good a experience so far. Not much road noise (compared to the Continental tyres on previously). Grip also seems good - having tried a few times to test the limit on wet roads with heavy handling and braking and tyres have not slipped, nor felt like they were close to doing so. Our second car has Pirelli P7's, and I can say these tyres so far perform just as well.
Find out how Laufenn S Fit EQ compares to other Passenger Tyres
Know better, choose better.
Great value for money
These tyres replaced the Turanzas the car came equipped with about 4 months and so far are performing great.
The Laufenns were some of the cheaper tyres you could get for my Holden but they're good value for money. They're pretty grippy both on the dry and wet and have about the same road noise as Turanzas did (maybe even quieter). After 4 months of use the tyres are still in good condition and have rarely had to fill them up.
Great value for money
Purchased these 235/45/17's for my ute, they replaced Yokohama A Drives which were good tyres but quite a bit dearer. I wasn't expecting much considering I'd paid under $120 each fitted, as I've had bad experiences with cheap tyres before. As far as tyre noise and wet weather road holding goes I would say that these are as good as the Yokohama's if not better. I can't comment about tyre wear yet, but I'd be more than happy if I got the same wear as the Yokohamas 60,000 Kay's.
Purchased in March 2017 at Highway Tyres for $115.00.
Performance & comfort well beyond price expectations
New sub-brand introduced by Hankook. Manufactured in Indonesia, these replaced Kumhos on my
Kia Koup and are excellent, as good as Pirelli & Bridgestone tyres I've used in the past. Quiet & smooth riding, with good grip in the wet, not sure what wear will be like but at price paid from Jax, I'm very happy.
UPDATE JULY '17: after 6 months & 10k+ kms, still very happy with these tyres. Wear indicates I should
easily get 50k which is great for the grip they provide, Would still recommend Laufenn S Grip.
Find out how Laufenn S Fit EQ compares to other Passenger Tyres
Know better, choose better..Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95
Photo gallery for Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95
Overview of Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95
3.6/5 Good
Guests rated this property 3.7/5 for cleanliness.
Popular amenities
- Pool
- Free WiFi
- Breakfast included
- Parking included
- Air conditioning
- Gym
Cleaning and safety practices
- Cleaned with disinfectant
- Hand sanitizer provided
- Personal protective equipment
- Social distancing
6485 Metal Dr, Fort Pierce, FL, 34945
Explore the area
- Ten Mile Creek Preserve4 min drive
- Gordy Road Preserve5 min drive
- Sweetwater Hammock Preserve10 min drive
- Vero Beach, FL (VRB-Vero Beach Municipal)28 min drive
Choose dates to view prices
About this area
Fort Pierce
Located in Fort Pierce, Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95 is in the business district and near the airport. The area's natural beauty can be seen at Avalon State Park and Ten Mile Creek Preserve, while Art Mundo and Sunrise Theater are cultural highlights. Looking to enjoy an event or a game while in town? See what's happening at John B. Park Sports Complex or First Data Field. With kayaking, sailing, and surfing/boogie boarding nearby, you'll find plenty of adventures in the water.
What's nearby
- Ten Mile Creek Preserve - 4 min drive
- Gordy Road Preserve - 5 min drive
- Havert L. Fenn Center - 6 min drive
- John B. Park Sports Complex - 6 min drive
- Sweetwater Hammock Preserve - 10 min drive
Getting around
- Orlando Melbourne Intl. Airport (MLB) - 58 min drive
Restaurants
- Red Lobster — 4 min walk
- Cracker Barrel Old Country Store — 16 min walk
- Moonswiners Bar-B-Q — 5 min drive
- Costa Azul Mexican Restaurant — 6 min drive
- Pueblo Viejo — 9 min drive
About this property
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95
Suburban hotel with free breakfast and fitness center
Along with an outdoor pool, this smoke-free hotel has a fitness center and a spa tub. Free on-the-go breakfast, free WiFi in public areas, and free self parking are also provided. Other amenities include a 24-hour business center, a microwave in a common area, and a business center. All 60 individually decorated rooms provide free WiFi, free wired Internet, and pillowtop beds. For a bit of entertainment, flat-screen TVs come with satellite channels, and guests can also appreciate conveniences like refrigerators and microwaves.
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95 offers 60 air-conditioned accommodations with laptop-compatible safes and coffee/tea makers. Each accommodation is individually furnished and decorated. Pillowtop beds feature premium bedding. 37-inch flat-screen televisions come with premium satellite channels. Refrigerators and microwaves are provided. Bathrooms include shower/tub combinations, complimentary toiletries, and hair dryers.
This Fort Pierce hotel provides complimentary wired and wireless Internet access. Business-friendly amenities include desks along with free local calls (restrictions may apply). Additionally, rooms include irons/ironing boards and blackout drapes/curtains. Housekeeping is provided daily.
An outdoor and van parking available
Food and drink
- Free on-the-go breakfast available daily 6:30 AM–9:30 AM
Things to do
- Fitness center
- Outdoor pool
- Spa tub
Family friendly
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Laundry facilities
- Microwave
- Outdoor pool
- Refrigerator
- Rollaway/extra beds (surcharge)
Conveniences
- ATM/banking services
- Elevator
- Front-desk safe
- Vending machine
- Water dispenser
Guest services
- 24-hour front desk
- Daily housekeeping
- Laundry facilities
- Luggage storage
- Multilingual staff
Languages spoken
- Spanish
Business services
- 24-hour business center
- Computer station
- Conference space (650 square feet)
- Meeting rooms
Outdoors
- Pool sun loungers
- Pool umbrellas parking
- Wheelchair-accessible path of travel
- Wheelchair-accessible path to elevator
- Wheelchair-accessible pool
- Wheelchair-accessible registration desk
- Wheelchair-accessible van parking
More
- Shared microwave
- Smoke-free property
- TV in lobby
Room amenities
Bedroom
- Air conditioning
- Bed sheets
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Heating (climate-controlled)
- Pillow-top mattress
- Premium bedding
- Rollaway/extra beds (surcharge)
Bathroom
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- Shower/tub combination
- Towels
Entertainment
- 37-inch flat-screen TV
- Premium channels
- Satellite channels
Food and drink
- Coffee/tea maker
- Microwave
- Refrigerator
More
- Desk
- Free local calls
- Individually decorated
- Individually furnished
- Iron/ironing board
- Laptop-compatible safe
Similar properties
See similar properties
Fort Pierce
Fort Pierce
Parking included
Parking included
Air conditioned
Air conditioned
Guest rating 3.5+
Guest rating 3.5+
Family friendly
Family friendly
Policies
Check-in
Check-in from 2:00 PM - anytime
Early check-in subject to availability
Early check-in fee: USD 25
Minimum check-in age - 21
Late check-out subject to availability
A late check-out fee will be charged
Special check-in instructions Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, and Diners Club; cash is not accepted
Safety features at this property include a carbon monoxide detector, a fire extinguisher, a smoke detector, and a first aid kit
We should mention
Pool access available from 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM
Only registered guests are allowed in the guestrooms
Property is also known as
Days Inn Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95 Hotel
Best Western Fort Pierce Inn
Days Inn Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95
Days Inn Fort Pierce I-95 Hotel
Best Western Fort Pierce
Days Inn Fort Pierce I 95
Best Western Plus Fort Pierce Inn
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95 Hotel
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95 Fort Pierce
Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fort Pierce I-95 Hotel Fort Pierce
Frequently asked questions
Overall score and ratings
3.6
Good
Rating 5 - Excellent. 256 out of 866 reviews
5 - Excellent 30%
Rating 4 - Good. 272 out of 866 reviews
4 - Good 31%
Rating 3 - Okay. 163 out of 866 reviews
3 - Okay 19%
Rating 2 - Poor. 76 out of 866 reviews
2 - Poor 9%
Rating 1 - Terrible. 99 out of 866 reviews
1 - Terrible 11%
3.7/5
Cleanliness
3.9/5
Staff & service
3.5/5
Amenities
3.6/5
Property conditions & facilities
Traveled with family
Nov 26, 2021
Liked: Cleanliness, staff & service, amenities, property conditions & facilities
Big nice room for the price
Stayed 1 night in Nov 2021
5/5 Excellent
Gregory
Traveled with family and small children
Nov 15, 2021
Liked: Staff & service, amenities, property conditions & facilities
Everything was excellent
Stayed 3 nights in Nov 2021
3/5 Okay
Ceidy Hernández
Traveled with family and small children, Business traveler, Traveled with family
Nov 8, 2021
Liked: Staff & service
The room was ok. When we opened the microwave it had old food from previous renters and the smell was disgusting. It must have been there for days. We threw it out outside the room but still smelled bad for a while. Cleaning staff should check the microwaves after each renter leaves.
Stayed 1 night in Nov 2021
1/5 Terrible
Belia
Traveled with family and small children
Oct 31, 2021
Disliked: Cleanliness, staff & service, property conditions & facilities
We'll to start the only good thing was location was very convenient however the hotel itself was a major disappointment. Rooms looked clean but upon closer looks can tell it was not. Rooms smelled of mold and windows were cracked/shattered and layered with algae. When we woke the next morning we discovered ROACHES all about and had to kill a few. As a precaution we had to check all of our belongs to ensure any roaches weren't hitching a ride with us. When we went to complain to the front desk, we were told that there wasn't much they could do because the manager was not in site and was simply advised that we should take pics of the infestation and upload it online. That is not customer service and as an employer, I would never have any of my staff suggest such an action as to advise paying customers to leave a bad review instead of accommodating or correcting a situation in house for the customer. As advised by the front desk staff, this is my official complaint and online submission of my review of your hotel; No customer service, It's roach infested and overall sucks. Period. Avoid at all costs.
Stayed 1 night in Oct 2021
4/5 Good
William
Traveled with family
Oct 26, 2021
Liked: Cleanliness, staff & service, amenities, property conditions & facilities
overall the stay was good breakfast could be better and needed to use the sleeper sofa but matress was worn out and flat but was close to everything for trip
Stayed 2 nights in Oct 2021Article Inventor can be a dominant software device which assists someone to at once with certainly create a multitude of unique text majorities in addition to gather them around the challenging effort inside a easy RTF format. The installation practice remains usual and also pretty surprise-free, while the user-friendly interface currents a rather laid-back in addition to intuitive design. One of the better things about Content Maker (in least for all those of us who’re additional employed to creating) exists how the device allows you to definitely manage your current copy physique without losing any fundamental words or even impression. Exactly what more, the software has the possible to generate hyperlinks in your text-based content material, which will cause your current readers near any appropriate websites. This can be exactly why Article Author is becoming so accepted among professional playwrights with webmasters: this a versatile formation that could help both novice and specialist article writer using a daily groundwork.
This end up being declared, a large couple of things that people would wish to take message after working with the Article Originator, this sort of what its potential functioned being a top quality articles turbine application. To start with, anyone must draw be aware that the application form can be a one-off obtain, with future downloads just called for to maintain consumption in addition to development. If you’re enthusiastic about more expanding ones Item Article writer encounter, next the on the internet post creator software to goes along with the program would enable you to out. That improve provides a whole horde associated with another pieces, this sort of for increase vocabulary and an improved sentence structure tree.
One of the biggest gains on the matter turbine software in which anyone would declare downloaded upon your own laptop or computer could be the proven fact that the idea provides the chance to broaden ones content authoring proficiency in addition to strengthen your capability to create unique, highly useful contents. In allocating someone to put in further pictures, website link, in addition to interactive snippets, the application may assist you to create additional quality matter which is located gaining along with advantageous toward your audiences. It also causes for a lot of big on the net marketing, especially if that you are search toward promote a brand. For example, you are able to operate the web page link building capacities to get focused on backlinks near ones website or even blog, which means to you can crank out targeted travel to help your location.
The back object which you’ll should purchase in concern as soon as presenting use of the on-line article creator instruments is always to guarantee that you then have a very good keyword expression collection. This is essential if you’d like to get your current website saw around the world Large World wide web. For example, research powerplant optimization (SEO) participates in a major position when it comes to this kind of movement, being a well-written, effectively optimized post can readily win very first set up any research motor query. Don’t forget, research engines have’spiders‘ which examine the internet searching for related content. An excellent keyword phrase can help your current website to be able to ascend top for the lookup serps rankings, as a result ensuring that a multitude of potential clients can get ones website. Consequently, devote within a moral keyword expression assortment is important to help your current hit online.
Finally, anyone must also payed out a close care about the planning of the drive itself. An effective article designer and content marketing work may always give a person quick consequences. That will is the reason a person must use a dynamic desire for the marks provide in these softwares in addition to the direction they perform. The a lot more expedient features available at the beginning of the push enables you to easily established the struggle with no stresses, and you will end up capable of use your time and efforts focusing on additional issues with your firm.
For those who have any kind of questions concerning where and tips on how to employ article builder, you’ll be able to e mail us in our website. In terms of information value afterward the plan that will you have for that war itself, a superb tool to consider is the Re-write solution learning resource pack. This can be where by you can find a couple of short, basic nevertheless very effective word of advice and tips that will help you receive established along with your campaign correct left. The Rewriter learning resource container contains the designations connected with a few excessive class blogs which specialize in the meadow connected with on the net current market. On top of that, the originator will also grant you with a couple of very helpful ebooks, a simple bill along with a fast review, which are built to assist you acquire commenced with all the top on the internet marketing place push.
A blog write-up electrical generator may in addition come in incredibly convenient if you are searching for an instant approach to produce several blog articles, every working on a certain topic. For instance, the blog published turbine lets one to produce content material dependant on settled keyword or maybe matter. Many blog write-up power generator even permit that you create different variations of keyword, permitting one to simply exchange among special story of your offered area. Additionally, the device may also make it possible for someone to put in a a number of widgets for you to just about every blog write-up, like seeing that url with a portrayal.
Lastly, in relation to opting for a highly effective post article writer or maybe generator, you could have to think about not really just the purchase price but also the name with the friendship under consideration. The healthier top quality effect in addition to program ought to ended up being was before a established firm which could pledge their own perform. In addition, the idea could be preferable when the good quality posts and blog articles manufactured by the on the web establishment become informative also appealing. Whichever device you use to be able to automate post formation, it is important that will you choose one that operates ideal in your case.Best NGO in India to support child right | CHILDLINE India Foundation
CHILDLINE India Foundation is the best NGO in India working for child labour, child trafficking, child abuse, child marriage, homeless child, conflict with the law and missing child. Donate money to childline and help a child in need.
Keywords: child rights, save children, child abuse, 1098, help children, child help, help a child, childline india, 1098 helpline, childline india foundation
Daily visitors: 1 068
Daily pageviews: 1 068
Alexa Rank: 852133
writer,director,actor,screenwriter,playwright
Ronald Tavel is a popular United States of America writer who is most renowned for his writer,director,actor,screenwriter,playwright
Celebrity how publishes up-to date right information on Celebrity Ronald Tavel ,Mainly about Ronald Tavel Physical stats(Height,Weight,Hair Colour,Eye Colour) and Ronald Tavel Biography (Age,Birth Date, Birth Place,Education) and Ronald Tavel Career (Profession,Net Worth,Famous for,Hobbies).
Ronald Tavel age is around 73,as Ronald Tavel was born on the 17th of 05, 1936 in Brooklyn.Gold Mining Hammer Mill Crusher Crushing Gold Ore To Fine May 05 2015 Video of our fine grinding hammer mill for gold mining and milling We have easi..
Portable gold mining hammer mills Acacia Mining seeking gold assets across west Africa By Abhiram Nandakumar Jan 16 (Reuters) Greece has suspended the mining operations of Canada's Eldorado Gold in northern Greece saying the company violated contract terms in a setback to one of the top foreign investment projects in the country.
Gold Hammer Mill Gold Hammer Mill Suppliers And.
Gold Mining Hammer Mill Sluice Box Combo! Gas Powered Jun 30 2020 New gold mining hammer mill and sluice box combo for mobile gold prospecting and sampling! This unit is a fully enclosed gold mining system to take gold ore.
Small Scale Mining Equipment Small Hammer Mill KNOCK Customer case.
Gold mining hammer mill price gold mining hammer mill Alibaba offers 2 808 gold mining hammer mill price products A wide variety of gold mining hammer mill price options are available to you such as local service location key selling points and applicable industries.
Small hammer mill gold Hammer Mills Variable Sized Material Uses Mining The hammer mill accepts crushed 3 4″ discharge and pulverizes it to liberate values in ore (usually gold)The size or grade of discharge from the hammer mill is controlled by screen opening specifications..
Mining Hammer Mills Used For Sale From South Africa gold hammer mill gold hammer mill Suppliers and 384 gold hammer mill products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba of which crusher accounts for 44 mine mill accounts for 1 and mineral separator accounts for 1 A wide variety of gold hammer mill options are available to.
5 Tph Small Scale Gold Mining Gold Ore Hammer Mill For Sale $999 00 $1 800 00 Set 1 Set (Min Order).
The PC hammer crusher (hammer mill) were developed for both dry and wet crushing of brittle medium hard materials for the mining cement coal metallurgic construction material road building and petroleum chemical industries. mini.
Gold mining equipment including Jaw Crusher and Hammermill that have as jaw rock crushers hammer mills pulverizers portable gold processing mills are Al Attiyah Stone Crusher Email China famous mining machinery.
China Mineral Ore Concrete Grinding Machine Mini Gold Hammer Mill Find details about China Mining Crusher Rock Crusher from Mineral Ore Concrete Grinding Machine Mini Gold Hammer Mill Jiangxi Victor International Mining Equipment.
Gold ore hammer mill with small capacity US $ 2 000 3 000 Set New hammer mill 1~10 Source from Jiangxi Hengchang Mining Machinery Manufacturing on examples of hammer mills Gold Ore Crusher.
The hammer mill or ball mill takes the 3 4″ discharge from the jaw crusher and pulverizes it to liberate the values in the ore (usually gold) and one of them is a component of our Turn used small hammer mill for gold mining for sale.
Luoyang Zhongde Heavy Industries Mining 2019 Gold Ore Hammer Mill Fine Grinding Mill For Sale Zimbabwe Gold Mining Gemstone Mining Equipment For Ball Mill Liner $3 200 00 Set 1 Set There are than 500 sets processing equipment mainly including double pillar (digital control) vertical lathe (15m 12m 10m 6 3m 5m 4m 2 5m) heavy hobbing machine (12m 10m 8m 5m 3.
Types of diesel hammer mills in zimbabwe Solutions The gold hammer mill sells at prices below about one tenth of the conventional stamp mill prices Mr Svuure s gold hammer mill retails at $2 200 for a diesel powered and $2 800 for an electric If you have any needs you can write to us We will do Try to solve the problem as quickly as possible.
Type Hammer Mill Motor Type AC Motor Motor Power 5 5kw Application Gold Ore Mining Mineral Copper Stone etc Materials Stone Gold Ore Mining Copper etc Outlet Size 0 1 12mm.
Hammer mill.
China Gold Mining Machine Hammer Mill of Gravity Concentration Plant Find details about China Small Scale Hammer Crusher Stone Crushing Machine from Gold Mining Machine Hammer Mill of Gravity Concentration Plant Yantai Huize Mining Engineering.
Mobile Impact Hammer Mill Stone Crusher for Golding Mining US $1 000 25 000 Piece Factory Price Hammer Crusher Use Crushing Stone Glass Gold Ore.. made in india shri ambica engineering company vadodara no gidc makarpura vadodara dist.
Mining Hammer mill for fine crushing gold ore lead copper zinc chrome 1 Stone hammer mill Introduction Hammer mill as one of the ore crushing equipment is able to crush the ores below 50mm or tailings and middlings that are not released completely..
Hammer Mills En Canada Crusher Mills Cone Hammer mill grinding machine plant manufacturer for sale portable asphalt plants for sale in canada gold mining machines canada In accordance with the production desires liming will give the hammer mills for sale in.
Minghao Mining Machinery private limited is located in the rich and beautiful Zimbabwe’s Capital Sunshine City of Harare We specialize in the manufacture commissioning and servicing of quality gold mining products Our main products are mineral processing plants hammer mills gold..Modern Mana on a Budget
Rivals of Ixalan spoilers start in just a couple of days, which will shift the focus of the community back to Standard as we get sweet new cards to (hopefully) shake up the metagame. However, this shift will be temporary because Pro Tour Rivals of Ixalan features the Modern format. A few weeks ago, we talked about identifying opponents' decks based on the lands they play on the first turn of the game, and one request that came from that article was to talk about how to build a Modern mana base when you are first getting into the format. A few people mentioned that the primary reason they haven't picked up Modern at all is because of the cost of the lands you need to build tier decks. Basically, the question for today is: if you are thinking about getting into Modern for the first time or have dabbled in the format without going too deep and don't have a budget for a $500 mana base, what should you do?
Personally, I love Modern, and my hope is that with the community's eyes being on the format because of the Pro Tour, more people will take the plunge and start playing Modern. So today, we're going to take some time to talk about what you can do if you are looking to get into Modern, but don't have the typical fetch-and-shock mana base and don't have the money to buy a bunch of expensive nonbasic lands.
Fetch Lands and Shock Lands
Fetch lands are, without a doubt, the gold standard of Modern. The problem is that buying a full set of fetch lands currently costs $1,136, which is a massive chunk of money for most Magic players, which means simply buying all the fetches probably isn't practical for most players. Plus, fetch lands are only as powerful as the lands they are fetching out, which means for your fetch land investment to be worthwhile, you'll also have to buy shock lands.
While not nearly as expensive as fetch lands, shock lands still aren't cheap, with the average price of a single shock land currently $11.10. The good news is that most decks don't require four copies of an individual shock land, since shocks are mostly in the deck to be fetched out. Most decks play somewhere between two and three of its primary shock land, although there are instances where decks play as few as one (some Death's Shadow builds) or as many as four (some two-color control decks). If your goal is to be able to build any deck in Modern, you'll probably need to have 40 fetch lands and 40 shock lands, which will set you back a total of $1,580 at current retail prices. If you shop around or do some careful trading, you might be able to lower this number a bit, but no matter how you look at it, getting the optimal Modern mana base is going to be expensive—and probably too expensive for many new-to-Modern players.
Of course, this number is a bit deceptive because most people buying into Modern are looking to build a single deck to start and then potentially grow their collection over time to be able to build more decks, which means you don't nave to spend anywhere near $1,500 to start playing Modern. However, if one of your long-term goals is to have a great Modern collection, 40 fetches and 40 shocks should be your number-one goal (after building a deck or two that you can play while you're building the rest of your collection). Fetches and shocks are the most important cards in the Modern format, and while we'll talk about a bunch of budget ideas as we move forward, it's worth mentioning that there really aren't any replacements for a fetch-land and shock-land mana base. While there are tricks that can helps us get by without them, no matter how you break it down, running other lands is giving up some points off of your win percentage. While this number isn't huge in most cases and likely doesn't matter for playing at the FNM level, if your goal is to win Grands Prix and SCG Opens, it's going to be challenging to avoid splurging on fetch lands for too long.
Before moving on to other lands, let's talk about a couple of tricks to help make building your fetch-land mana base in a more budget-friendly way. First, if you're building into Modern for the first time, start by only getting the fetch lands and shock lands you need to complete your deck and then worry about picking up off-color lands later to fill out your collection and allow for more flexibility. One of the big upsides of this plan is that Wizards will reprint the fetch lands eventually, and while prices will probably increase again after the reprinting, there will be a sale on fetch lands that will give new players a window to buy into the format. This could be as soon as Masters 25 coming in March (announcing it at the Modern Pro Tour Rivals of Ixalan could be a good PR move by Wizards), or it could be another year or two, but the reprint will happen before too long.
Second, focus on the Khans of Tarkir fetch lands to start. Right now, the average price of a Khans of Tarkir fetch land is $16.20, which I realize isn't cheap in a vacuum but is significantly cheaper than the $40.80 average of the Zendikar fetch lands. Thanks to the shock lands, playing less-than-optimal fetch lands (for example, Flooded Strand in your WB Tokens deck instead of Marsh Flats) is a good semi-budget strategy and a great way to start playing powerful Modern decks sooner. While playing Flooded Strand over Marsh Flats will cost you some number of percentage points (mostly against random Blood Moon decks where you can't fetch up a basic Swamp with Flooded Strand), playing less-than-optimal fetches is usually still more competitive than playing other lesser lands and trying to build a non-fetch mana base. Plus, going this semi-budget route starts you down the path to having 40 fetch lands and 40 shock lands, which is still the long-term goal for any serious Modern player.
Third, limit the number of shock lands that you buy. In reality, you can play a huge percentage of Modern decks with only two of each shock land, so spending more than $10 each for copies three and four of any individual shock is often overkill. Things will be different if there's a deck you really want to play that, for some reason, requires having four of a specific shock, but generally speaking, playing two of each shock is fine. Here's an example of the type of mana base I'm talking about. While not budget in the traditional sense (of spending as little as possible), this is basically a budget-competitive mana base with the upside of getting some fetch lands and shock lands into your collection.
Now, I realize that $185 isn't what most people consider "budget," but there is a huge benefit to spending a bit more on this type of mana base. First, while the fetch lands aren't optimal, this is a fairly functional mana base and should work almost as well as a fully optimal mana base in most matchups. Second, owning these lands gives us a surprising amount of flexibility without spending too much more money.
For example, by simply changing three shock lands and some of the currently-in-Standard buddy lands, we can shift our entire mana base from Esper to Bant for about $40.
Or, throw in about $45 of Godless Shrine and Shambling Vent and suddenly you have a pretty reasonable mana base for a deck like WB Tokens. We could keep changing around the buddy lands and shock lands to make different mana bases, but hopefully the point is clear: the upside of investing in even just a small number of fetch lands and shock lands is huge because it allows you to play solid (but not truly optimal) mana bases for a bunch of different color combinations by only changing a handful of pieces.
This is one of the biggest reasons to consider spending a bit more to get some fetch lands when you are just building into Modern. While you could build a lesser mana base with cheaper lands and zero fetches, those cheaper lands will only by good for one color combination of decks (you are not going to play a Temple Garden in an Esper deck like you can a Windswept Heath), so unless you stick to just one deck or color combination, you actually get some amount of savings by spending more up front on fetch lands thanks to the flexibility they offer and the numbers of decks you can build using a single fetch land.
Not-as-Cheap-as-They-Look Lands
Oddly, after the fetch lands and shock lands, there is a pretty large group of lands that look like budget options but aren't actually all that budget friendly when you step back and look at the big picture.
Fast Lands
The fast lands are strange. At a glance, they seem like they could be great for budget decks, but taken as a group, they aren't actually very effective as budget options, with the average price of a fast land coming in at over $9 a copy. Given the choice between spending $9 on a fast land and $11 on a shock land, the right long-term choice is to buy the shock land 100% of the time. While some Modern decks do want fast lands, they are significantly less important to the format in general than shocks, which means the $2 a copy savings simply aren't enough to make the fast lands viable budget options.
This being said, some of the Standard-legal fast lands are appealing budget options, with Concealed Courtyard and Blooming Marsh being under $6 and Inspiring Vantage being less than $4, so these individual fast lands are worth keeping in mind as budget-friendly options if you are building a deck in their colors. Plus, all of these lands do have a home in an optimal Modern collection, and all show up in tier decks, so it's not that they are money sinks over the long run, just that they are less important than shock lands. It's also worth watching the fast lands as they near rotation. If they end up falling into the $2–3 range after they no longer have Standard demand, they will be some of the better budget options available in the Modern format.
Other Fetchable Lands
While the Battle for Zendikar dual lands are super cheap (and the cycling duals will be once they rotate, although they are somewhat expensive right now), which makes them look like a good budget substitute for shock lands, there is one major problem: shock lands are pretty worthless without fetch lands. This is probably a bit of an exaggeration, but as far as building decks on a budget, Glacial Fortress is a better substitute for Hallowed Fountain than either Irrigated Farmland or Prairie Stream.
When it comes to building budget Modern decks, the primary goal is to get as many lands that enter the battlefield untapped as possible, and without the synergy with fetch lands, Glacial Fortress and the rest of the buddy lands enter the battlefield untapped more often than Irrigated Farmland or Prairie Stream (and the rest of their cycles). If somehow you are in the unique situation where you have fetch lands (let's say you started playing Magic during Khans of Tarkir) but don't have shock lands, then Prairie Stream is a fine substitute, especially for two-color decks with a reasonable number of basics, but outside of this fringe situation, there really isn't a reason to play dual lands with basic land types over the buddy lands.
Building Budget Mana Bases for Modern
A quick reminder before we run through what I think are the best budget mana bases for various decks in Modern. First, if your goal is to build a Modern collection, your long-term goal is to acquire fetch lands and shock lands. While you don't need these lands right away and the budget mana bases we'll talk about next are great substitutes over the short term, if you're planning on playing Modern at the Grand Prix / SCG Open level, there really aren't any substitutes for fetch lands and shock lands. With that out of the way, let's build some budget-friendly mana bases!
Mono-Colored
Mono-colored mana bases are by far the easiest and cheapest to build because all you need to do is play a bunch of basic lands, which makes the mana of the deck essentially free. The good news here is that Modern has a massive card pool, so you can do a lot of different things with only mono-color decks, although staying mono-colored in Modern comes with some big downsides. Each color in Modern (outside of blue, which gets counters) has at least one major flaw. Black decks, for example, struggle with artifacts and enchantments, red decks struggle with big creatures, white and green decks struggle with spell-based combo (especially on a budget; white has good sideboard options if budget isn't a concern), and even blue has a tendency to get run over by aggro. Because of this, mono-colored decks are fairly rare on the tournament scene, which mean sooner or later, you'll probably want to branch out into two- and three-color builds.
Two-Color Ally
For two-color ally decks in Modern, the foundations of the mana base are buddy lands and the Battle for Zendikar duals, along with plenty of basic lands. Typically, when I build ally two-color budget decks in Modern, my goal is to have at least 12 dual lands and then fill out the rest of the deck with basics and maybe a couple of extra duals, if the budget permits. Of course, this means we are usually left scraping around for an additional dual land after adding the buddy lands and Battle for Zendikar duals to the deck. Which dual is best mostly depends on the color combination.
For UW decks ,Nimbus Maze is my current favorite third dual thanks to its newfound cheapness (at $2 a copy) due to its reprinting in Iconic Masters. For other colors, I often default to the Shadows over Innistrad cycle, which isn't exciting, but in a deck with between 12 and 14 duals and 10 to 12 basic lands, they are usually functional enough. The total cost for a 12-dual budget mana base is typically somewhere between $20 and $30, depending on the exact lands in the deck. Assuming we are working with a budget of around $100 like on Budget Magic, this means lands are eating up somewhere between 1/5 and 1/3 of the total budget for our deck, which isn't all that unreasonable.
Enemy Two-Color
Enemy two-color decks are significantly harder to build on a budget in Modern, since we only have one auto-include land cycle in the pain lands from various core sets. Otherwise, the options for enemy two-colored decks are a mixture of lands that are a bit more expensive than we'd like or lands that enter the battlefield tapped. The goal is the same as with ally two-color decks: to get a total of at least 12 dual lands and then to fill out the rest of the mana base with basics, but we have some hard choices with enemy decks.
Most often, the second enemy dual land cycle to make the deck is the fast lands, although as we talked about a little while ago, they are a flawed cycle for budget building because their price is high based on Standard demand. Thankfully, this should change at rotation, and then the fast lands will rank alongside the pain lands as a second auto-include cycle for enemy-colored decks, which will make building enemy colors on a budget much easier.
Another option is the enemy-colored budget lands from Innistrad, but right now, all of these lands are between $5 and $8 a copy, which means it's hard to run both Innistrad duals and the fast lands in the same budget deck (having eight lands at $5 each is $40, plus another $5–10 for pain lands, and the mana base climbs to near $50—a full 50% of a $100 budget deck—which makes it difficult to play many good nonland cards). Thankfully, this could be changing soon. In theory, Wizards could reprint the enemy buddy lands in Rivals of Ixalan, after printing the ally versions in Ixalan proper.
The point of all this is that building enemy-colored budget mana bases is really difficult right now because besides the pain lands, we don't really have a good second cycle of dual lands that enter the battlefield untapped and are cheap. However, this is very likely to change over the next year, with fast lands rotating and the potential for enemy buddy land reprints on the horizon, at which point the conversation on building enemy budget mana bases will be much different and the process will be both cheaper and easier.
For now, until the fast lands rotate or the enemy buddy lands are reprinted, the third dual land in an enemy two-colored deck is typically either a Battle for Zendikar creatureland or a Theros scry land. The problem with both of these lands is that they always enter the battlefield tapped, which means building curve-out aggro decks is especially problematic in enemy colors. Slower midrange and control decks can get by with a playset of lands that enter the battlefield tapped, especially with an upside like scrying or becoming a creature, but aggro decks really struggle with playing many (or even any) tapped lands. As such, until prices drop on some of the enemy duals in Modern, if you're building aggro on a budget, you're better off staying with the ally colors and leaving the enemy colors for midrange and control builds.
One other quirk of building an enemy color deck on a budget is that Izzet decks are basically off-limits. UR dual lands are almost always the most expensive of their cycles, which means even lands like Spirebluff Canal and Sulfur Falls are simply too expensive to play in budget decks. As a result, you have two choices if you're trying to build a budget Izzet deck. First, you can play a really bad mana base (which we do on occasion) featuring Modern staples like Highland Lake and Swiftwater Cliffs. Second, you just forget about playing UR decks on a budget in Modern (which I also do quite often by building what I think is a sweet UR deck only to realize I can't make the mana work on a budget).
Three-Color Decks
Generally speaking, I don't build three-color decks on a budget. In fact, I just looked back over all of the Modern Budget Magic decks we've ever played, and a total of five of the 66 are three colors (7.5%). The problem with trying to build three-color decks on a budget is that one of two things happen. Either you spend a huge portion of your budget on land to make the mana workable and you don't have any money left over in the budget to play good, fun nonland cards, or you skimp on the lands and end up losing because you are playing a tapped land every turn while your opponent is playing Goblin Guide on Turn 1, playing Death's Shadows on Turn 2, and storming off on Turn 3.
Of the five three-color decks we've played in Modern for Budget Magic, two of them probably shouldn't even count because one was GB End, which was really a GB deck (the only white card was Lingering Souls, which was mostly played to mill and flashback), and the other was Restore Balance, which played a ton of borderposts to make the mana work. The only three-color mana base from Budget Magic that seemed somewhat functional was from Jeskai Flying Men.
While this mana base can give you an idea of where to head if you're looking to try a three-color budget build in Modern, from what I remember about the deck, the mana was certainly the weak link. If you look at the list, we need blue mana on Turn 1, blue-white mana on Turn 2, and blue-white-red mana on Turn 3. While this can happen with our mana base, there will also be a lot of games where we are missing our colors and lose simply because our mana is so rough around the edges. And this doesn't even include the games that we lose because we are playing a massive eight pain lands, which ends up doing a lot of damage if the game happens to go long. Another example of an attempt at three-color budget mana comes way back from near the beginning of Budget Magic, with Heartless Summoning.
Looking back at this deck now, with two years more experience in building budget decks, I can honestly say the mana base is horrible. We have a massive nine lands that always enter the battlefield tapped, which doesn't even include the times our buddy lands will come into play tapped because we don't have the right basic land on the battlefield. And our payoff for this horrible mana? Three copies of Jarad's Orders in the main deck and some Nature's Claims in the sideboard.
One thing I've learned by building budget decks every week for the past few years is that in these situations, the correct thing to do is simply to cut the third color. While Jarad's Orders is a great way to set up the Heartless Summoning combo, when you consider the cost of the mana base, it's likely the deck would be better, more powerful, and more consistent if we left out the green splash and just played a straight blue-black Heartless Summoning deck.
This choice between playing a slightly less powerful two-color deck or a clunky but slightly more powerful three-color deck comes up often in building budget decks, and while I dabbled with the three-color idea back in the early days of Budget Magic, I usually don't even try at this point. If a deck requires three or more colors, I just assume that it won't work on a budget unless there are special circumstances (like mana dorks or other color fixing), so when you stumble across a three-color deck that you really want to build on a budget, my advice would be to spend your energy figuring out how to make the deck work as a two-color deck rather than bashing your head into the wall trying to make the horrible mana work, even if it means dropping some powerful cards.
TLDR:
- When it comes to playing Modern, there really isn't a substitute for the fetch and shock mana base. Nothing comes close to the power, consistency, and flexibility this combination offers.
- As such, if you're serious about building a Modern collection, your long-term goal should be to eventually have 40 fetch lands and at least two of each shock land (and all 40 would be ideal) in your collection. While you don't need to spend $1,500 to do this right away, build your collection with this goal in mind. Once you have the mana base, it's pretty easy to build all kinds of Modern decks for a relatively low cost.
- Since the goal is eventually having 40 fetch lands and at least 20 shocks, default toward picking up these lands over other budget options, if you have the chance.
- Start with the Khans fetch lands and whatever shock lands you need to build your first deck, and build up from there. Wait to pick up the Zendikar fetch lands until when they are eventually reprinted, which should happen in the next year or two and could happen as soon as March in Masters 25.
- Some of the seemingly budget-friendly cycles like various fetchable (non-shock) duals and the fast lands aren't really as cheap as they seem, because they don't offer the flexibility of fetch lands and shock lands. If you are choosing between spending $9 on a fast land and $11 on a shock land, the right choice is the shock land 100% of the time.
- Building mono-colored budget lists is easy because all you need are basic lands.
- Building ally two-color decks is also pretty easy because every color combination has at least two decent, inexpensive dual lands.
- Building enemy two-color decks is difficult but doable, since only the pain lands are a good budget option. The good news is this should change when the fast lands from Kaladesh rotate next fall or when the Innistrad buddy lands are reprinted.
- Building three-color decks on a budget is usually not a good idea. While there are exceptions, in my experience, you're better off figuring out how to make the deck work as a two-color deck with decent mana than trying to figure out how to make a three-color deck work with horrible mana.
Conclusion
Anyway, that's all for today. Hopefully, this discussion of budget Modern mana was helpful! With the combination of multiple Masters sets and a Modern Pro Tour on the horizon, it's a great time to start playing Modern. Don't let the fact that you can't afford the right fetches or a full playset of shock lands keep you from playing the format. It's certainly possible to compete without having an expensive mana base, although if you find that you really enjoy the format, optimizing your decks with fetches and shock lands should be at the top of your to-do list.
As always, leave your thoughts, ideas, opinions, and suggestions in the comments, and you can reach me on Twitter @SaffronOlive or at SaffronOlive@MTGGoldfish.com.Matheson has been a senior press officer for the party in Westminster since January 2013, and worked with Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon during this year's UK general election, and before that with previous First Minister Alex Salmond during last year's Scottish independence referendum.
She was previously a policy adviser in the European Parliament in Brussels, and a researcher in the Scottish Parliament, Edinburgh.
SNP Westminster leader Angus Robertson MP said: "I’m delighted Catriona will lead our new media team during this exciting time for the SNP in Westminster.
"Catriona has been on the front line of our referendum and general election campaigns, and for the past few months she has overseen the transition in the new parliamentary term for our enlarged group of new MPs."
The SNP National Conference 2015 begins in Aberdeen tomorrow.Give your building extra protection. Besides preventing water damage, these sealants will keep your building cleaner for longer by repelling water and dirt.
Sealants can be used on many surfaces, including concrete and brick.
Caulking
We caulk and seal windows and any other seams on your building façade, keeping your building waterproof and weather-tight. This prevents mold problems and intrusion of water, air, and bugs.Innovation
Data Initiative of the Year
UK Fintech Awards 2021
Queen's Award for Enterprise: Innovation
2019
AI / ML Team of the Year
Computing AI & Machine Learning Awards 2019
Claims Innovation of the Year - Broker / Insurer
Insurance Post Claims Awards 2019 (in collaboration with QBE and the Cabinet Office)
Claims Initiative of the Year - Insurer
British Insurance Awards 2019 (award in collaboration with QBE and the Cabinet Office)
Best Use of Data & Analytics
FStech Awards 2018
Claims Technology Solution of the Year
Insurance Times Claims Excellence Awards 2018
Analytics Product of the Year
National Technology Awards 2018
Excellence in Technology - General
Insurance Times Awards 2018
Science, Technology & Innovation Award
Staffordshire Chambers of Commerce Business Awards 2017
Business Growth
International Trade
The Sentinel Business Awards 2017
Business of the Year
The Sentinel Business Awards 2017
Director of the Year - Family Business
The Institute of Director Awards 2017
SME Export Track 100
The Sunday Times - SME Export Track 100 (2016)
Business of the Year
Staffordshire Chambers of Commerce 2016
Corporate Social Responsibility
Building a better working world award
Ernst & Young – Entrepreneur of the Year Awards 2018
Big Heart Award
National Family Business Awards 2018
Director of the Year for Leadership in Corporate Social Responsibility
Institute of Directors Awards 2017
Accreditations & Memberships
Accreditations
Memberships
Weekends can be difficult but if you weren't able to make this weekend event, we've got you covered with important moments below!
00:05:43 George Howell Coffee's mission, operations, and coffee brand presentation to its consumers
00:11:47 Ready-to-drink (RTD) and canned iced coffee presentations for a market that has a high-demand for RTD products, such as RTD cold brews
00:14:06 Coffee capsules by Cometeer and their importance in the American market for quick and easy consumption
00:17:45 George Howell has found that green coffee can be frozen for several years and still hold quality
00:19:56 George Howell uses a Probat UG 22-kg and a smart Loring roaster
00:22:03 George Howell emphasize the importance of cafe presentation and educating customers on their products via public cuppings, website information, etc
00:26:24 The importance of serving specialty beverages at cafes
00:30:42 George Howell speaks on his process, experience, and implementation of freezing coffee to preserve quality
00:50:06 George Howell and Alex Valente explain the curves they use and their roasting specifications per roast (weight per roast, roast machine, development times, etc)
01:10:50 Justin DeMichele speaks on the importance of charge temperature to help carry the momentum to the end of the roast for Brazilian coffees
00:07:28 Ian Logan showcases one of Intelligentsia Coffee's roasting operation in Los Angeles, CA, USA that uses a Gothot 40-kg drum roaster
00:11:40 Intelligentsia's bulk sales are wholesale, their cafes, online retail, and supermarkets
00:17:45 When to consume coffee off-roast
00:30:40 Intelligentsia offers a variety of coffees to suit different customer preferences
00:39:11 Brazilian coffees have become noticeably more dense than in the past
00:44:46 Ian discusses a roast curve from 2018 and shows how Cropster helped them make improvements on this curve for this coffee
00:55:40 Hugo shows his roast curve with a coffee from Minas Gerais
00:57:42 Ian explains why Intelligentsia Coffee not only Cropster to roast but also to cup their coffees
01:04:14 Ian explains which regions their Brazilian coffees come from
00:02:47 Dakota Graff showcases Onyx Coffee Lab's headquarters in Rogers, Arkansas
00:04:35 Onyx roasts on a 70-kg and 12-kg Diedrich for different profiles such as blends and single origins
00:05:47 Dakota sample roasts on 2 Stronghold Air Roasters
00:06:39 Onyx uses a Sovda Peral-mini, which acts as a post-roast coffee sorter to rid of any roast defects prior to packaging the coffees
00:17:33 A bulk of Onyx's roasting operations are for wholesale and focus on a quality threshold of 86+ coffees
00:22:33 Cropster has been a huge asset to Onyx over the past year for green inventory and quality control
00:25:30 Dakota takes a lot of moisture and density samples not just of Brazilian coffees but of all coffees to determine how to sample roast coffees
00:32:00 Brazil is currently at an age of discovery for new quality and flavor profiles with access to information on new post-harvesting fermentation techniques
00:34:56 Dakota explains Onyx's 3-fold sourcing model
00:39:10 Onyx's quality control process explained along with Cropster utility of Cup
00:47:26 Onyx purchases coffees on the philosophy that those coffees can shine as single origins but also illuminate blendsRoads & Highways
Motorists want smooth, durable, safe, quiet roads to travel on. With the proven performance of RejuvaSeal to revive, repair and protect aging asphalt pavement, municipalities and state agencies now have an economical and efficient method to preserve the quality of asphalt roads and highways. An asphalt pavement maintenance plan featuring RejuvaSeal applied on a periodic basis, has the potential to extend the life of paved roads and highways for several years beyond the point where rehabilitation, or major reconstruction would normally be required, significantly decreasing the pavements annual maintenance costs.Property Attributes
- MLS#409804
- TypePending
- CountyBEAUFORT
- CityHilton Head Island
- AreaHilton Head-General
- NeighborhoodSpanish Wells Road
- Zip29926
- StyleOne Story
- Price$ 578,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage2117
- Lot Size6,098 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Brown & Denckhoff Group with Southern Lifestyle Properties of SC LLC
Data Source:
Hilton Head MLS (HHMLS) - 34 - SC
Property Description
BUILD THIS BURGUNDY model in GATED MARSHFRONT Silver Moss. Sought-after SINGLE STORY OPEN FLOOR PLAN has 10' Ceilings, 8' Solid Doors, 3BR (or 2BR+Den/Office), 2.5 Baths, Laundry Rm, Pantry, and 407sf Lowcountry Screened Porch. STANDARD FINISHES include Wood Soft-Close Cabinets, GE Stainless Appliances & Granite Counters in Kitchen, Engineered Wood in common areas, Carpeting in Bedrooms/Den, Tile in wet areas & Custom Trim Pkg, Landscape Maintenance & Trash pick-up. Membership to The Spanish Wells Club for Golf, Tennis, Pool, Day Dock & Clubhouse included. on-site Community Gazebo, Bocce, Fire Pit, Grills. SUITABLE FOR LOTS 5,6,10,36,45.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Room Details
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool Price List and assigning to customer group
This tutorial will give you a better understanding on how to quickly create a Price List. You will also be able to associate a price list to customer group.
Creating Price List
Let us now look at how to create a Price List which will be specific to a Customer Group.
Step 1 : Login to your AltheaSuite account.
Step 2 : Go to Sales > Price Lists.
Step 3 : To add a Price List, click + New Price List.
Step 4 : Enter the name of the Price List in the Price list Name field. If Tax is applicable for this Price List, select the tax name by clicking on drop down button else keep it blank.
Step 5 : Select the radio button as per your requirement.
Use Default Discount % – select this button to decrease the price by fixed discount % compared to default price.
Use Default Increase % – select this button to increase the price by fixed discount % compared to default price.
Use Default Increase Fixed Amount – select this button to increase the price by fixed flat amount compared to default price.
Use Default decrease Fixed Amount – select this button to decrease the price by fixed flat amount compared to default price.
Manually Specify Price for each Item – select this button to manually give a price to each item.
Step 6 : Applicable to All Business Location – Select this option if the Price List is applicable to all the Business Location.
Applicable Only For Selected Business Location – Select this option if you have multiple Business Locations and wants to apply this Price List to any specific Location.
Step 7 : Applicable To All Customer Group – Select this option if the Price List is applicable to all Customer Groups.
Here we have selected Applicable Only For Selected Customer Group as this Price List should be applicable only for Regular Customer Group.
Step 8 : Click on Create.
Step 9 : To the right of the screen you will see a list of all items with their existing Sales Price. To add the new price list Sales price select the item, click on context menu and select Modify Price Entry.
Step 10 : Enter the Sales Price before tax in Base Price field. Click Create.
How the Price List will reflect in Invoice
Step 1 : Go to Sales > Sales Invoices and select + Create Invoice.
o
Step 2 : To use the Price list associated to a Customer Group ensure that you first select the Customer name in the invoice screen.
Step 3 : Select the Item by its name or SKU.
Step 4 : You will notice the item price as per the Customer Group Price List.
Step 5 : You can go ahead and Save the Sales Invoice.
Creating a Customer Group and assigning a Customer to a Group
Step 1 : Go to Customers > Customers .
Step 2 : Add a new Customer or modify the existing one. Here, I am trying to modify existing customer by clicking on context menu and selecting Modify.
Step 3 : In the Customer Group field click on three dotted button.
Step 4 : Click on + New to add a new Customer Group.
Step 5 : Enter the Customer Group Name and click Create.
Step 6 : Select the new added Customer Group and click OK.
Step 7 : Click Update on the Modify Customer window./)
Truffles are rich and incredibly sweet. If they're your go-to treat, try this peppermint flavored variety for a hint of the holidays.
Ingredients
- 8 Ounces bittersweet baking chocolate
- 1/2 Cup (1 stick) butter
- 1 Cup sugar, divided
- 1 egg
- 1/2 Teaspoon McCormick® Pure Peppermint Extract
- 2 Cups flour
- 36 milk chocolate kiss-shaped candies, unwrapped
Directions
Preheat oven to 350°F..
Shape dough into 1-inch balls.
Press a chocolate candy into the center of each ball, forming dough around the candy to completely enclose it.
Roll in remaining 1/2 cup sugar to coat.
Place 1 inch apart on greased baking sheets.
Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until cookies are set.
Cool on baking sheets 5 minutes.
Remove to wire racks; cool completely.First of all select image on the crop image without losing quality tool. Once the Vector Magic conversion is complete and you can see the result press the Single 1 button arrowed to switch to single view allowing for a larger viewable area and more space to zoom in and take a screenshot.
You only have to specify one of the following fields.
How do i zoom in on a picture without losing quality. UpscalePics offers several free image upscale elements along with affordable pricing plans. JPEG is one of. That means you can compress your image without losing quality. Adjust the width height rotate zoom in zoom out etc.
Zoom in real close and you will see what Im talking about. You can enter decimals like 25. Then click on Image at the top of the application frame and click Image Size.
If you want to enlarge bitmap images without losing quality one way of doing so is to generate the vector form enlarge and then export them in bitmaps. Leave empty to specify the resulting size with one of the other fields. Here is how to make small images larger in Gimp without losing quality.
In this Photoshop tutorial learn how to resize images without losing quality by using smart objects instead of rasterized imagesTUTORIAL CHANNELS Main. Go to the official home page of the PixCut choose Tools and click on Enlarge Image. Tips for Zooming Without a Quality Loss You will not be able to replicate the exact original image when you enlarging it but you can make it nearly impossible to.
Simply go to Image Scale Image. Upload the picture that you want to make it to a higher resolution. The process of converting bitmap images into vector is known as tracing.
Make sure the Resolution is set to 300 PixelsInch. Now crop image using the crop box as size you wish. Click on the browse button under select image.
Photo Enlarger is a free online tool that enables you to enlarge pictures without losing quality. How to Enlarge a Picture without Losing Quality Online Step 1. Maximum supported height or width for the resulting image are 4500 pixels.
From here youll see a number of options fields and drop down menus giving you control over the dimensions and resolution of the image. Enter your desired dimensions. Speaking of image types there are various common image file formats commonly used online.
How to Enlarge a Photo Using Photo Enlarger. Also you can set image quality file name image extension etc. Thats all you can now export this image for the web.
Vector Graphics is the only form of image that can preserve its quality while enlarging it. Leave empty to specify the resulting size with one of the other fields. Of course you can do anything to photo.
Or hold Command Option and hit I on the keyboard. To access the window open your image file. While this isnt ideal and does depend in part on your desktop resolution it does give you an increased image size without decreasing image quality and with no pixelization.
How to resize an image without losing quality online. When you resize an image it automatically compresses the image size. Go to the official home page of the PixCut choose Tools and click on Enlarge Image.
Set Width and Height to inches and adjust to enlarge your image. Thousands of tiny square pixels that have assigned colors and positions on an image hence the name. Under the Quality section choose Sinc Lanczos3 as Interpolation method and click on the Scale Image button.
Leave empty to specify the resulting size with one of the other fields. Five best tools to make images larger without losing quality. Open the image you want to resize in Gimp.
Next we are going to show you how to enlarge the image without losing quality easily using Wondershare PixCut. The online resizer doesnt require a software download yet it proved to be one of the more effective tools for expanding the size of an image. A simple way to compress images without losing quality is to reduce its physical dimensions.
Go to the Image Size dialog check resample and select Preserve Details in the corresponding dropdown menu.
Choosing The Fit On Screen View Mode In Photoshop Photoshop Resize Image Image
Photography By Stefany Roszczyn How To Resize Your Pictures Tutorial Pictures Tutorial Blog Photography
Should You Use Zoom To Record A Podcast In 2020 Podcasts Online Courses Records
Inches To Pixels How To Resize Images Without Losing Quality Photo Pixel Resize Image Pixel
How To Enlarge An Image Or Picture Without Losing Its Quality Image Scaling Is A Diy Graphic Design Tutorials Graphic Design Programs Graphic Design Tutorials
How To Pan And Zoom Video In Photoshop Cs6 Via Youtube Photoshop Cs6 Photoshop Lighting Photoshop
Flowing Down Liquid Chocolate Red Digital Cinema Chocolate Liquid
Thank God I Found A Website That Offers 4 Different Sites To Help Uploading Camera Phone Pictures Enlarge Them And Reduce Pixela Enlarged Iphone Photos Pixel
How To Digitally Enlarge A Picture Without Losing Quality Digital Enlarged Digital Photo
5 Best Software For Zooming Images Without Losing Quality Photoshop Plugins Increase Image Image
Kodak Pixpro Astro Zoom Az421 Wh 16mp Digital Camera Digital Camera Kodak Pixpro Kodak
Increase Image Resolution Without Losing Quality Photoshop Photoshop For Photographers Retouching Tutorial Photoshop Photo Manipulation Photoshop
Change The Size Of Image Online Image Online Resize Image
How To Use Handbrake To Compress Blu Ray Without Losing Quality Leawo Tutorial Center Large Video Video Support Pictures
Choosing The 100 Percent View Mode In Photoshop Photoshop Resize Image Image
Losing Details When Reducing To Smaller Image Image This Or That Questions Tutorial
This is beautiful. Nice job and congratulations on first place.
Love it - superb image!
Thank you for your comment
Very nice, and a bit eerie - in a good way 😃
Nice work.
Where was this photo taken?
Photo taken in Keelung Taiwan
I was close to there in 1965 at Seven Star Tropo Site & Grass Mountain Comm. Center. Beautiful country!Earl
Entry commentsTuition & Fees
Your child’s education is one of the most important decisions you will make as a family. We understand the significant financial commitment and sacrifices many families make to enroll at SSM. With nearly $6 million dollars awarded to 52% of the student body in the 2019-2020 school year, SSM has one of the largest financial assistance budgets of the private schools in Minnesota.
Our financial aid program is designed to help middle class families join SSM. This program allows families to apply for tuition assistance, taking their financial circumstances into account, and making a SSM education affordable to many qualified students who could not otherwise join our school community.
We encourage families to request further information about financial aid if they have concerns about their ability to afford our full tuition. Contact Dan Moyer, Director of Financial Aid, at daniel.moyer@s-sm.org or 507-333-1571.MATTHEW Hall scored another sensational win at the MEN Arena on Saturday night.
He was up against Matt Scribben, a Yorkshireman who was booked to fight for the Midlands Area light-middleweight title but will now have to recover from receiving broken ribs.
Scribben jumped at the chance to meet Hall. It proved a bad decision.
Hall looked finely tuned and confident, and he was reminiscent of the young Jack Dempsey as he chugged forward in his bobbing and weaving style.
Scribben met him head on. The result was two broken ribs for his trouble.
Scribben had fought and held his own with all the top light-middleweights, but he wasn't in with a chance as Hall tore into him using intelligent tactics and powerhouse punches to head and body.
The first punch Hall landed was a devastating right uppercut. Scribben went down and only just beat the count.
The bell saved Scribben, but he was in more trouble at the start of the second and it was all over after Hall had unleashed a violent two-handed attack, with Scribben reeling and ready to topple onto the canvas.
MICHAEL Jennings successfully defended his English welterweight crown at the MEN Arena. He stopped No 1 challenger Gavin Down of Chesterfield.
Down, a terrific puncher, set out to win as quickly as possible but was met by the brilliant Jennings who out-thought him, outboxed him and outpunched him to a standstill.
It was an absorbing contest, with top-class boxing the order of the day.
Jennings opened up in the ninth, Down couldn't compete, and the referee wisely stepped in.Profile of Carys Hedd
Carys Hedd
Company:
Wench
Area:
Wales
Wench. is an independent upcycled clothing label based in Cardigan, re-creating new from old in the form of exciting, ethical garments.
Wench. is an independent upcycled clothing label based in Cardigan, re-creating new from old in the form of exciting, ethical garments.
Each item is uniquely made by Carys Hedd from unwanted clothing and post-consumer fabric waste. Wench was born in 2007 to focus on re-using old textiles, keeping unwanted garments out of landfill and to spark creative thinking about the way we dress. The world needs us to make use of what we already have. And the best part…? Creative bliss can be found in making new from old, giving the air of the unusual and it’s great fun and very addictive! Carys also runs Co-Create workshops to teach the art of re-vamping unwanted garments and transforming them into exciting new attire catering for beginners and for the more experienced, encouraging spontaneous creativity!
- Commissioning and DesignWe can, however, talk about these scones. Or maybe The Hunger Games. But it's probably more appropriate to talk about the scones. Did you know that this is the first scone recipe I've featured on here? Did you know that it's the first time I've even made scones?!
That just sounds crazy, I know. But I somehow thought myself not a scone person. As to why I felt that way, I really cannot answer you, because I just don't know. Sometimes you just go through life having never eaten something for no good reason. Not that I'd never had a scone. Because I must have had one at some point, right? It's just I can't really remember it. Hmm.
Oh well! Despite my scone unfamiliarity, I have to say I really liked how these turned out. Yummy scrumdiddlyumptious. That's totally a word.
Yogurt Scones
Printable Recipe
Printable Recipe
Ingredients
- 2 1/2 cups Bisquick (or equivalent)
- 1/4 cup granulated sugar
- 1 large egg, beaten
- 1/2 cup yogurt
- 2 Tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
- sugar for dusting
- Preheat oven to 425F.
- Combine Bisquick and sugar. Stir beaten egg, yogurt and butter together in a separate bowl. Add that mixture to the Bisquick until it all just clings together.
- Knead gently on a floured surface approximately 8-10 strokes. Form a 6 inch circle with the dough and cut into 10 wedges.
- Sprinkle with sugar and place on an ungreased baking sheet.
- Bake 10-12 minutes until golden.
In photos:
Bisquick and sugar mix together. If you don't have Bisquick, you can instead cut together 2 1/2 cups flour, 3 3/4 tsp baking powder, 5/8 tsp salt, and 2 1/2 Tbsp shortening.
Egg, butter and yogurt all mixed.
Add the wet stuff to the dry stuff and it should look something like this.
Knead it some on a floured surface until it all holds together well.
Push it out into an approximately 6 inch circle and cut it up. 10 wedges is recommended, but I only did 8 since I used the pizza cutter and it was easier.
Sprinkle with sugar and arrange them on your ungreased sheet.
Bake for 10-12 minutes until golden. Enjoy delicious scones!!
Wow, these are so simple but they look perfect! I'm impressed with how fluffy they look and I'm curious to try them out :D
I know this comment was from awhile ago, but if you ever did try them out, I hope they worked well for you!
A solid recipe. Period. Pick your yogurt, pick your poison.
Glad you like the recipe! And it’s true, the yogurt flavor totally makes the difference.Ahead of the release of World of Warcraft’s Battle for Azeroth expansion in August, Blizzard have struggled to keep some information hidden from the game’s active datamining community. Despite some of the troubles that causes though, the game’s production director, John Hight, told PCGamesN team enjoy seeing speculation around the game.
Find out how Blizzard are preparing WoW for Battle of Azeroth.
According to Hight, “it’s actually a lot of fun” seeing the community speculate about forthcoming content, even when datamining makes them unusually well-informed.
“For some of this stuff, it’s hard to keep it from our players once we’ve uploaded that data.” Hight acknowledges how adept WoW players have become at datamining the game over the past few years, but says that the process still isn’t perfect: “sometimes we’ll put some of this data out, but without the intention of immediately unlocking it,” which can cause problems when fans assume they’ll have access to new content in the short term.
To counter that, Hight says that Blizzard have become “pretty careful about saying in the patch notes what players will actually see in the patch, so they know it’s intentional and not an accident or some hidden quest.”
Despite having to step carefully, Hight says the team do enjoy seeing the community discuss upcoming changes, and that some of that speculation comes from sources you might not immediately expect: “there are even cases of people speculating about something they’ve seen in Hearthstone and being positive it’ll pop up in WoW.” It’s more likely that the community themselves would influence development, as Hight says “the decision to put in Dark Iron Dwarves was very much based on players saying for years that they’ve wanted to play that particular look of dwarf.”
We’ll be publishing the rest of Hight’s interview later on today, so be sure to stay with PCGamesN to see the discussion in full.Features & Benefits
- 2 Heat Settings and 4 Massage Settings
- Soft Micro Plush
- 5x Larger than Regular Heating Pads
- Helps Relieve Symptoms Fast
- Snap Closure
- Weighted Edges
- 9 ft. Long Cord and Controller
- 2 Hour Auto–Off
- Cover is Machine Washable
Soothe Away
Neck, Back & Shoulder Tension!
Heat Therapy & Micro Plush Fabric
Surround You With Warm, Soothing Comfort!
Increases Blood Flow
Relief Wrap™ increases blood flow to the sore areas of your body causing muscles to relax and healing to happen faster. It helps loosen muscles, soothe achy joints, reduce swelling, stimulate blood flow and work away stiffness and tension. The 2 heat settings let you customize your therapy based on the level of intensity you need to start feeling better!
4 Massage Settings
Relief Wrap™ 4 massage settings get you the perfect level of intensity to maximize results! Simply turn on Relief Wrap™, choose between High & Steady, Lo & Steady, High & Pulse, Low & Pulse, and massage directly on the areas you feel of stress and strain for maximum relief!
Great For All This & More!
- Loosens Sore Muscles
- Soothes Achy Joints
- Reduces Swelling
- Stimulates Blood Flow
- Relaxation
- Helps Relieve Stress
- Relieves Tension and Stiffness
- Improves Circulation
Introducing Relief Wrap™
The new and improved neck, shoulder and back heat wrap that quickly soothes away tension and helps ease achy muscles and joints. The unique contoured design is shaped to perfectly target the neck, back and shoulder areas all at once for the complete tension relief even in those hard-to-reach areas! The large wrap, with lightly weighted edges and a new snap closure, ensures full coverage and a perfect custom fit that stays in place.
Relief Wrap™ combines innovative heat therapy, relaxing massage, and luxurious micro-plush fabric to surround you with warmth and soothing comfort to melt away tension in minutes! You can unwind and get spa-like relaxation right in the comfort of your own home! The 2 heat settings let you customize your therapy based on the level heat you need to start feeling better and the 4 massage settings get you the perfect level of intensity to maximize results! Simply turn on Relief Wrap™ to your desired settings and receive relaxing therapeutic heat and massage directly on the areas you feel of stress and strain for maximum relief!
Relief Wrap™ Is Great For All This & More!
In The Kitchen
YAholics Anonymous! discussion
Comments Showing 1-36 of 36 (36 new) post a comment »
I've always been a little leery of books about suicide. When I was going through high school, I felt and experienced quite a bit of what Hannah felt, though my circumstances weren't exactly the same as her's. I come from a family with a long line of depression and everyone in my immediate family suffers from it, as well as cousins and aunts and so forth. Suffice it was to say I was predisposed for it.
From the time I was in seventh or eighth grade I started to show signs of depression. And on top of that, it seemed as if my family was hardly able to recover from one misfortunate event before the next happened. If my father wasn't laid off from work, then our car was breaking down. If my mother couldn't find a job, then our kitchen would flood. Then add deaths of loved ones, friends, and those close to you. Add an unbearable dose of self-loathing. Take away any sort of self-worth and confidence and you had me.
To be completely honest, and unlike Hannah, I can't really pinpoint exactly what made me believe my life was so horrible. Sure, my family had financial problems and we were living from one pay check to the next, but I was never really able to get myself out of the funk. I was practically invisible as school. I had very few real friends, but I had several pleasant acquaintances. No one really thought of me as much of anything, I guess. I felt like I wasn't measuring up to my potential. For those of you who can understand, people who fall into depression tend to see the world in black and white. Either everything is dandy or everything is going to hell. And for someone like me, one little thing that went wrong felt like a great misfortune. A lot of you probably pride yourself on something, whether its a hobby or whatever. Well, mine was school. I had to get the best grades or I was convinced that my chances at getting into a good school or getting a scholarship were ruined. I generally made As in classes, but it I ever got a B or - heaven forbid - a C, it felt like my whole world was coming to an end.
I understand now that that is rather rediculous thinking. One small grade doesn't matter much in the grand scheme of things, but back then it was all I had. I hated the way I looked. I hated that my family was poor. I hated that my birth father abandoned me and I hated that my uncle took away any sort of dignity I had. (I'm not going into all the gory details. Suffice it is to say, I don't stay alone with my uncle anymore. Let your imagination go where it might.)
And, like Hannah said, things sort of snowballed by the time I was going through high school. People would say something that was probably intended to be a joke, but I took it to heart. Like the book means to say, you never really know how your actions might hurt someone else, no matter how insignificant.
Eventually, things got to be too much for me to bear. I started cutting. No, not as a cry for help. But to actually help with the pain I felt inside. As a means to pull all those negative feelings about myself out. It worked for a while. (And, NO, I DO NOT CONDONE THIS BEHAVIOR) My mom eventually found out and ended up taking me to a therapist and I got on some medicine that helped for a while.
Remember, we were still very much in need of money at the time. It wasn't until the first bill came for my therapy that I realized how much my sessions were draining our family funds. In addition, the medicine wasn't exactly helping matters financially, either. This only made me feel worse. I felt like I was taking away from my family much needed funds. I continued treatment, though, for anxiety and depression.
But school didn't get better. I was bogged down with AP and Honors classes, convincing myself that nothing more than perfect would do. But I was setting myself up for hurt in that sort of thinking. To be completely honest, I don't remember what set me over the edge. I was still cutting at the time and I think it was rumors that were going around about me and that no one seemed to want to know the real me, either. In that respect, I greatly felt for Hannah. I'd experienced similar things. Eventually, things got to be too much.
I planned on ways to kill myself. Like Hannah, I'd have a weird fascination with it. I thought of cutting my wrists, but that would leave a big mess for my family to see and clean. I thought about a gun, but that would be a mess, too, and I didn't want my family to find me in a way that would be too traumatizing for them. So pills was the cleanest and, quite frankly, the easiest option. I even knew WHICH pills I would take to get the job done.
But one thought kept me from going through with it: that it was selfish. Suicide is an easy way to deal with pain. It's a pleasant thought to an individual who is severely depressed, that if life ever became too hard to bear that one could simply end it all then and there. But I couldn't quite bring myself to put my family and the few friends I had through that.
That thought was what led me to talk to a trusted teacher. That action, mine alone, led me and my parents to agree to sent me to the hospital for treatment. I spent a week there, getting daily group and single therapy treatments, as well as getting my medicine adjusted. After I left, I continued to see my therapist on a bi-weekly basis.
Now, six years later, I have just finished seeing my therapist - but I'm still taking medicine. I haven't contemplated suicide since the day I went to the hospital.
And I'm glad that, unlike Hannah, I didn't give up on myself. I didn't let myself fall into the self-destructive path that she did. When I found myself talking to my teacher and school counselor - they actually cried. Cried because they loved and cared for me. My mother and father, too. I've only ever seen my father cry twice, once was the time he found out I wanted to end my life. When I was in the hospital, I got mail every day. Get well cards from everyone at my church. When I came back to school, I had friends and even those I didn't even know very well say they were happy to see me again. To see me happy.
I didn't realize until I nearly gave up how much people cared about me. And how much my decision to end my own life wouldn't have affected only me, but them, too.
I guess this is why I had such a hard time feeling any sympathy for Hannah. Having gone through similar events in my life, I felt frustrated with how easily she was giving up. About how selfish she was too take her own life and leave everyone behind sorry and wondering what-if.
I'm not going to defend a lot of the people on the tapes. Many were just down-right horrible and deserved to be blamed for giving Hannah further reason to hurt herself. But in the end, it was her decision alone.
I'm glad she finally admitted to this in the last fifty pages, otherwise I would've felt very cheated by the book.
But I'm still frustrated by the fact that, toward the end, when she needed it the most, she didn't give those she loved a chance to help her. Like with Clay, she pushed him away. And then walked away from Mr. Porter (Though, admittedly, I would've been pretty pissed by what he said, too.) But what about the teacher who taught Peer Communications? She seemed like someone who would've understood and listened to Hannah. Or even her parents! I know she explained that her parents were busy with the family business, but NO parent who cares about their child would turn away from them or claim to be too busy if they simply said, "Hey, I need help. I need you."
I dunno. I some ways I really felt for Hannah. Life isn't easy. Especially her's. But that doesn't mean we are beyond redemption. She might have felt that she couldn't be saved, but she could have. If only she had really wanted to.
So that ends my rant.
Don't get me wrong. I liked the book. It was an original idea, the pacing was great, and it kept me engaging, but I just felt that Hannah didn't fight hard enough.
Which is really sad, because she probably would've made something great of herself.
Agreed! It's amazing, and I can't believe it's Ashers' first novel.
But I really want to know what's going to happen next :D
But I really want to know what's going to happen next :D"
Lol, I know what you mean. Sometimes I'd get so involved in digesting the text, I'd be like, "Wait! Who said that?" XD
But I really want to know what's going to happen next :D"
Lol, I know what you mean. Sometimes..."
Hehe, I kept doing that too, and completely misunderstood. "Wait, why would he say that... Ah, Hannah said that".
I've always been a little leery of books about suicide. When I was going through high schoo..."
WOW. I'm glad you're still here today c: I have to agree with you. Hannah made me slightly upset (Not nearly as upset as you, I'm assuming) because while everyone truly was awful, she seemed to whine a bit. It was all a lot, and a little here and little there adds up, but... Hmm.
I agree, though. I'm glad Hannah finally admits that she is the one who chose to end her life in the end. It was her decision, even if certain things led to consideration of it. Still, I really liked the novel. Jay Asher... WOW.
But it's definitely a thought provoking story. One that I believe is worth reading, in the end. And I am glad I read it. Suicide is a very difficult topic to write about, but I think Jay did a pretty decent job (overall).
I don't believe Hannah was meant to be a likeable character, and I think most people disagree with her actions. That's kind of the whole point. Not every person reacts to the things that Hannah described with strength. A lot of times, people do" take the easy way out," and although we may not a agree with it, the fact is that suicide happens. A lot. The whole point of the book wasn't supposed to show strength, but weakness. If Hannah had not committed suicide, and had instead chose to live and recover, the whole book would've been different.
I absolutely love books like this. It's about a tough subject, and the outcome is not a happy one. It shows a reality that doesn't contain what we want to happen.
I hardly ever look at character's weaknesses and criticize them for not being something I wish they could've been. I just accept them for who they really are because I can't change them. If they happen to be more flawed than not, I take that opportunity to learn from their mistakes.
@ Cassie - Took the easy way out, exactly! That's what irritated me so much. There could've been so many different times she could've reached out. I understand how hard things can be, and I don't want to downplay that seriousness like you, but I just wish she could've done things differently. :/ Especially when your life is at stake.
I don't believe Hannah was meant to be a likeable character, and I think most people disagree with her actions. Tha..."
A very thought provoking post. :) I think you bring up a lot of valid points.
I think there's a difference between weakness and being downright selfish, though. Most people who have been pushed so far, like Hannah, wouldn't have pushed people away like she did. Perhaps a casual acquaintance, but I don't think it was fair of her to push away Clay when he offered help, specially given how much they cared about each other. At least she admitted to being in the wrong about that in the tapes. Additionally, she didn't even try to speak to her parents about what was going on. I know they're probably not the first people someone decides to go to when having trouble, but they would've been the ones that were MOST likely to get her help and listen to her. Instead, she decided to just end it all after some narrow-minded bastard told her to just "forget about it." (Still angry at that character, lol)
I dunno. I guess that's the reason I tend to avoid books such as these. I read to escape and enjoy a story, not to be slapped in the face with reality.
Either way, though, I still think it's a beautifully written book.
And the ending didn't do it for me. Clay just finished hearing this awful, heart-breaking story. I felt like Jay Asher just wrote a five-minute ending to go along with the rest of it.
I ca see why it's a best-seller because this is the kind of book that is supposed to appeal to teens, especially the misunderstood. But really, I feel like it only targeted the flatter teenagers (like, flat characters? Flat teenagers), the ones with problems that, compared to others, are not as bad.
The rape was definitely the worst part for me. And in the end, when she went to go talk to the teacher, to be honest, what could the teacher have really done? Yes, he DEFINITELY should have chased after. He was stupid for not doing so. But if I were him, I wouldn't know what to say either. I think it would be more realistic if the guy called a suicide hotline or whatever, as he is a counselor-adult-teacher guy. I just...I feel like Hannah didn't have to commit suicide. And maybe she wasn't strong enough to deal with it. But there were other options, I think.
I've always been a little leery of books about suicide. When I was going through high schoo..."
Great rant, Brittany! Sharing your story is not easy, but you did it well, and I totally agree with your wise decision that to end things would be selfish - you thought of others, which shows incredible depth of character. All of us in life are 'munted' (kiwi word for damaged)! in some way or other - and we all have to choose how much hurt we will inflict on others with our decisions. You chose right. Hannah chose wrong. It was like during the book she was shutting herself down, one decision after another - but she had already decided at the beginning that no-one could help. It says in the Bible that no-one can truly understand another's pain...but what we can do is listen, grieve with, and walk alongside, through the pain. Hannah never really gave anyone that opportunity, until after her death when it was too late.
13 Reasons was a thought provoking book, but I also have to agree that the spa pool scene killed it for me - it didn't make sense and seemed 'weak' within the context of the whole story. I was gripped whilst reading it, but frustrated at the same time. But wow, the power of words and how we use them in every day life. If it reminded me of anything, it was to use words wisely - to bring life, not death.
message 33: by FallingAngels (new)
.
You don't have to participate in the Group Read - it's entirely up to you, but if you read the book along with us or have already read it, we would love to hear your comments, questions, thoughts, ect. That's what makes the Group Read fun! Please keep from posting too many spoilers early in the month, though, as people might still be reading it. If you feel that you might "spoil" a part of the book by commenting, be sure to put something like "***Spoiler Alert***" or something to let others know to read at their own risk! And make sure to have fun!Yea Emma!
November 6, 2014
From the Episcopal Church in Minnesota’s blog…
Yay Emma!!! She spoke bravely and eloquently in front of over 1,000 people about restoring funding for the Episcopal Youth Event! And gave a shout out for the youth and adults back home….
And the motion passed by a wide margin! This means that the program budget and finance committee will know of our intention to put $300,000 back into the budget.
Filed under: General ConventionHave some pity for Ralph Peters, whose lovely novel about World War III in Central Europe was published in 1989 by Atria Books, just in time to see the end of the Cold War and the radical political transformation of Europe. Red Army is a work of fiction that focuses on the men behind the Soviet military machine and the ordeals and triumphs they would encounter in an invasion of West Germany. In a sort of mirror-image of Tom Clancy’s Red Storm Rising, the novel is told from the perspective of Soviet army troops all the way from a terrified infantryman to the charismatic General Malinsky, commander in charge of the First Western Front, as they push their way across West Germany in the ultimate showdown of modern arms.
To his credit, Peters meticulously avoids providing details about weapons systems, hardware, or fighting vehicles. This lets him keep away from getting bogged down in arguments about the range of a specific missile or the capabilities of a certain tank, another major difference from Clancy’s near technophilia in certain sections of Red Storm Rising. The emphasis here is directly on the human being. Characters are given some background story without side-tracking the novel too much. We recognize these characters as average human beings trying to function and survive in unthinkable circumstances. Some of them are cowards, others are bullies, while some are good men whose strong sense of morality is severely tested over and over again throughout the book.
Looking back at Peters’ predictions from the vantage point of 25 years later, there is much that he seems to get right. He comes back again and again to the lightning-fast speed of modern warfare that takes both sides by surprise. Furthermore, this unanticipated speed has a “ripple effect” that creates further problems in terms of communications, logistics, and support seems to be on the mark as well. The speed of advance during the Gulf War in 1991 and the Iraq War in 2003 seem to bear this out as a solid prediction. The rapid advance of the Red Army over the course of three days pushes men and computers up to, and sometimes beyond, their decision-making capacities.
On the other hand, the author probably gave too much credit to the Soviets at certain times. It seems clear that Peters based his book on NATO estimates of Soviet military capabilities that were shown to be false after the collapse of the USSR. By the time of Peters’ writing, the Soviet army was thoroughly demoralized from its loss in Afghanistan and the economic reforms of the Gorbachev era coupled with the stagnant Soviet economy had left the Warsaw Pact in very rough shape. It is doubtful that the Soviets could have successfully fielded the forces necessary to fight a war against NATO as described in the book. The scale of deterioration among the Soviet military by the time of the USSR’s collapse surprised everyone, so this does not seem to be a result of a disingenuous author but rather a reflection of the scant information available at the time of the writing.
Fans of “Cold War turned Hot War”type of games and movies would almost certainly enjoy Peters’ book. As a work of military fiction, it works well on its own terms. The characters are believable as people and the problems they attempt to solve are credible and interesting. It makes for a great counterpart to other military fiction written at the time that was primarily written from the western perspective.
Thanks Brad for posting this. I've always wondered about this book. Will try it.
Chris
Thanks Chris! It's a solid read and I hope you enjoy it.
I received Red Army last Christmas, and read it this past spring. I really enjoyed, especially it since its from the Soviet perspective. A nice contrast to Red Storm Rising (I haven't read it in years though).
Thanks Ken! Yeah, I found Red Army to be a very smooth read and because it was focused all on the same military group, it was a bit easier to follow than Red Storm Rising, which tried to cover various characters in different military branches and theaters. I love both books, however! I think Clancy had a more accurate estimate of the effectiveness of NATO airpower in the conflict while it seems to take a backseat to the ground forces in Red Army.
Good review, Brad! Will keep an eye out for it. How are you placed for time over the New Year break? Feel like coming down to Wakayama or Osaka to enact a similar scenario?
Cheers,
Aaron
I like that the focus for Red Army was smaller than Red Storm Rising. There was so much going on in RSR, not to mention, the very high number of pages. I should read it again.
Thanks Aaron! I can't make it up there for the break but I'm up for starting that PBEM game of 2nd Fleet that we talked about many moons ago!
Peter's The War In 2020 is also a good read about near future warfare.
Red Army is my favorite of this type. I think Peters can write very well and creates believable men. He stayed away from identifying specific systems because he is/was Army intel, and didn't want to deal with the hassle of a review by Army Intelligence. Not sure if he overestimated the Russians. In America we continue to estimate Russian capabilities based on the second line (in terms of training) troops they sent to Chechnya, and the third-rate Iraqis we fought. People like Major Bezarin existed/exist in the Russian tank corps, and they would have given our Captain Bannon's everything they could have handled.
I think that's a valid observation. A lot of people who look back with hindsight and scoff at the idea of the WP military posing a real threat to NATO in the late Cold War often base their estimations on equipment alone, often forgetting that it's really the men who use the equipment are the ones who decide the outcome. By the time the Cold War ended, the Soviets had had over 40 years to learn the lessons of armored warfare from WW2 and I'm sure they could have applied them quite adeptly even without a technological advantage. You're right!FOXWOOD - Bronte Muscle Tank - White
$49.95
or 6 weekly interest-free payments of $8.32
What's this?
Product Details
Give your summer wardrobe an instant update with the Bronte Muscle Tank from Foxwood. The perfect basic to pair back with shorts, skirts or your favourite lounge pants, this tank top is one you will be wearing over and over again. This stylish top is crafted from 100% cotton jersey and features a scoop neckline, extended shoulder with twisted cuff and scooped high low hem.
ConnectNotes on Kyrene 6-8 curriculum
I do not presently have any children in the Kyrene school district but I was nevertheless able to view some of their curriculum in the summer of 2020. You can, too. The main difficulty is that the courses do not have traditional textbooks. You have to make an appointment at the district headquarters and read the material the same way the kids do, on iPads. A member of staff — in my case, the head of curriculum — accompanied me and answered my questions. She was patient with me but the time is necessarily limited. I chose to skim a National Geographic interactive text on geography.
None of my notes on the content will surprise you. The material is designed to be inclusive of all cultures. Hammurabi, not Moses, is the principal lawgiver, and there is no mention of the fact that he legislated classes of society, including slaves. According to these authors, there are four cultural “hearths:” the Egypt and the Tigris in Middle East, the Yellow River in China, and Oaxaca in Mexico. A listing of the civilizations in the Middle East does not include the Jews.
As you would expect in an interactive text, there are loads of pictures and buttons to press. You can self-test. I did not see any text longer than a couple of paragraphs. If you did not have ADD before reading this material, it would induce it.
Here is a photograph of the fiction assigned in grades 6-8. Notice what is missing: no Mark Twain, no Victor Hugo, no Charles Dickens.
The Kyrene website guided me to this book, Civics & Economics. I was able to purchase it and read it on my own time:
This book is by McGraw-Hill. No author would put his name on it. We learn that English settlers in America were just another group of immigrants in search of a better life. There is a consistent misrepresentation of our civics: no mention of consent of the governed, of separation of powers. Rather than citing sources, the authors rely on the phrases “others say” and “people say.” The section on economics does not mention division of labor. American economic success is due to cheap raw materials. Kids are encouraged to imagine what rights they are entitled to, and to demonstrate for them.
No state law banning CRT is going to improve this. Textbooks are designed by the big global publishers, heavily influenced by the NEA. District schools simply buy them, no matter who is on the school board. (See the neighboring posts on proposition 208.) We need more charter and private schools and we need to support them using the Arizona Tax Credit.
ReplyBy Craig Leroux, Senior Communications Officer
Queen competitive advantage,” says Daniel Woolf, Principal and Vice-Chancellor. “By signing the Hefei Statement, Queen’s and the other U15 institutions commit to working with our international partners to promote a policy environment in which university-based research can thrive.”
The statement articulates 10 characteristics that make a research-intensive university effective, including:
• A major research effort which has both breadth and depth
• A commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching
• The responsible exercise of academic freedom
• A tolerance and recognition of competing views and perspectives
• Open and transparent governance arrangements
In addition to Canada’s U15, the global network of signatories to the Hefei Statement include the Association of American Universities, League of European Research Universities, The Russell Group, the China 9 grouping of leading Chinese universities and the Australian Group of Eight research-intensive universities.
Queen’s is also a partner in the Matariki Network of Universities, which is an international group of leading research-intensive universities with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate and graduate teaching.
Read more about the U15 and the Hefei Statement.. Each piece celebrates the uniqueness of our lives, with strong roots in family, protection, love, luck, and good fortune. In 2012, Shy by Sydney Evan was launched, expanding offerings to include a collection of delicate pieces in 14k gold over sterling, inspired by longtime Sydney Evan classics. These bright pieces provide an exciting new dimension to this iconic brand.Millennial spokesperson, twerker, and singer Miley Cyrus ranted to Elle magazine in a recent, revealing that her generation didn’t want to have kids because of the poor state of the environment.
“The earth is angry,” she told the magazine. “…We just take and take and expect it to keep producing. And it’s exhausted. It can’t produce. We’re getting handed a piece-of-sh*t planet, and I refuse to hand that down to my child. Until I feel like my kid would live on earth with fish in the water, I’m not bringing in another person to deal with that. We [Millennials] don’t want to reproduce because we know that the earth can’t handle it.”
Follow Ladders on Flipboard!
Follow Ladders’ magazines on Flipboard covering Happiness, Productivity, Job Satisfaction, Neuroscience, and more!
Whew! It’s true that Millennials are having fewer children as a generation. Women are having 1.8 children today, down from 3.7 in 1960, according to the Census Bureau.
Let’s look at the reasons why other than the environment and the state of the fish in the sea.
They feel uncertain about the future
Last May, when the news came out from the CDC that the birthrate had plunged to a 32-year low in 2018, Dowell Myers, a demographer at the University of Southern California,
told NPR, “The birthrate is a barometer of despair.” In short, a low birthrate means people have a negative outlook on the future, whether it be political, jobs-related, or financial.
Student loan debt
Women owe two-thirds of student loan debt. A 2018 report said that 44% of Millenial women are putting off having children because of their student loans.
It just isn’t on their list of ambitions
The Deloitte Millennial Survey 2019, a report on 13,416 Millennials surveyed across 42 countries and found that Millennials had shifting priorities from previous generations. On a list of ambitions, “travel and see the world” ranked at #1. Other goals included career, buying a home, and making a positive impact on their community. Having a child or starting a family ranked dead last.
They marry later
According to a recent eHarmoney report conducted by Harris Interactive, Millennials spent six and a half years getting to know each other before getting married, compared with five years for any other age group.
The Mommy Penalty
With very real stories in the media of careers being hijacked by women who leave work to have a child and come back to a diminished job path, Millennial women don’t want to be the next casualty.
They can’t decide, but they’ll tell you right after they finish a class that helps them figure it out
The existence of a four-month online course geared towards helping Millennials decide on whether or not they wanted to have kids made a big splash last winter.
Basically, for too many Millennials, their economic and career situation is not favorable for them to have children.
Here’s a chart of a 2018 New York Times poll of an exhaustive list of reasons young adults aren’t having kids. (Psst – Miley, “climate change” is in there at 11%).
Popular on Ladders!
Wedding entertainment in the Ballygarry House Hotel, Tralee, Co. Kerry
This was the wedding where I asked a child from London if it was his first time in Ireland. He nodded and I asked him if he liked it. He nodded again and said “in Ireland, everybody is your friend.” I got something in my eye after that.
Kerry Wedding Entertainment
Some of my live work from the Ballygarry House Hotel, Tralee Co. Kerry recently. If you’d like a quote for your wedding or event, you can me here.Procter & Gamble has been busy reinventing Gillette under pressure from lower-cost competitors. Think: big changes to marketing, innovation, online sales.
Now comes phase two of that reinvention — one that will probably bring changes to Gillette’s prominent complex on the Fort Point Channel in South Boston as well as its lower-profile sibling campus in Andover.
Gary Coombe, chief executive of P&G’s grooming business, told the company’s 1,300 Massachusetts employees Thursday that it is reassessing its two properties here. The stated goal: investment in new high-tech manufacturing equipment, R&D labs, and modern offices.
But with excess space at the 34-acre campus in South Boston and the 150-acre Andover location, real estate savings will be part of the equation.
Advertisement
Just how much extra land are we talking about? In Southie, buildings occupy just around 40 percent of the acreage; in Andover, it’s only about 10 percent, while most of the property is completely unused.
“Carrying a lot of underutilized land is an unnecessary expense that no business would want to bear,” Coombe told me.
Coombe said the company is just starting its assessment and hopes to have a decision by early next year. He didn’t rule out relocating the blade manufacturing operation from its South Boston home, where the company has had a proud presence for more than 100 years, although he said he doesn’t plan any job cuts in the region.
Regardless of the outcome, Coombe said P&G will maintain a “meaningful presence” in both communities.
P&G resisted selling pieces of its South Boston campus even as the neighborhood boomed around it — until General Electric came knocking. GE and state agency MassDevelopment acquired a section of the Gillette campus in late 2016 for GE’s new headquarters. (GE and the state have since sold that land to other developers, as GE scaled back its HQ plans.) Other deals have since been made, most notably the sale of a 6.5-acre parcel next door to the GE site, to developer Related Beal in May. There goes another parking lot.
Advertisement
Coombe said he hasn’t hired a real estate services firm yet to study the alternatives; he first wanted to break the news to employees.
You can’t blame Coombe for being deliberate in his choice of words when talking about the future of the “World Shaving Headquarters.” The P&G veteran knows the Southie property’s long-term fate has been a topic of water-cooler chatter ever since 2005, when the Cincinnati-based conglomerate scooped up a then-independent Gillette for $57 billion.
The Gillette reinvention had already begun when Coombe was appointed to run the grooming business in early 2018. He is proud of what his employees have done so far. He knows he needs them to pull off this transformation. He doesn’t want to scare them away, or make them worry about their future.
So Coombe emphasized that this is about making Gillette more competitive, not cashing in on valuable real estate.
“The next stage of that transformation is to make sure we have the facilities and the infrastructure in the Greater Boston area that we need to really win,” Coombe said. “Right now, we don’t, frankly.”
The seemingly inevitable reshaping of the South Boston campus may have more to do with the market forces in the shaving world, and less with the eager developers lining up on A Street.
Advertisement
The competition, to be honest, has been brutal. Gillette’s dominance has been whittled down over the past decade, in particular by direct-to-consumer outlets Harry’s and Dollar Shave Club. (Unilever now owns Dollar Shave Club, and Schick parent Edgewell is acquiring Harry’s.)
Under Coombe’s guidance, Gillette has fought back, beefing up Gillette’s mail-order market and rolling out new products such as the SkinGuard for men with sensitive skin.
The grooming business grew both top-line revenue and profit last quarter, the first time that has happened for two consecutive quarters in more than two years. But grooming, with its year-over-year organic sales growth of 1 percent, remained a notable laggard among P&G’s five distinct consumer-goods empires. Coombe knows his work isn’t done, not by a long shot.
Handled properly, the right real estate transactions could bring a new infusion of cash, to help invest in Gillette’s future. Gillette has been a fixture in Boston for more than a century. Coombe insists he wants to make the necessary changes to ensure the company thrives here for another one.
Jon Chesto can be reached at jon.chesto@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @jonchesto.There is a logical break here. The remaining fifteenth consists of short Lyrics, mostly of the Makkan period, dealing mainly with the inner life of ma~, and in its individual aspects. They may be compared to Hymns or Psalms m other religious literature. But these short Quranic Surahs have a grandeur, a beauty, and a force of earnestness under persecution, all their own. With their sources in the sublimes regions of heaven; their light penetrates into the darkest recesses of Life, into the concrete facts which are often mistaken for the whole of Reality, though they are but an insignificant portion and, on the surface, and fleeting.
It is the contrast between the shadows of Reality here and the eternal Reality, between the surface world and the profound inner World, that is urged on our attention here.
It may be added for information that the entire Qur'an is a well-connected and systematic book. Each division has a distinct theme. Topics within a division are more or less in the order of revelation. Within each division, each member of the pair complements the other in various ways. The Seventh Division commences from Sūrah 67. Al Mulk and terminates at the end of the last Sūrah 114. An Nas. [10]
- Ruku One (Verses 1-14): Kingdom of the universe belong to Allah and Lower heaven is decorated with the lamps (stars) and Conversation between the dwellers of hell and her guards
- Ruku Two (Verses 15-30): No one can help you against Allah and No one can provide you sustenance besides Allah and No one can save you from the punishment of Allah sama' is a sama' with regard to what is below it" (Raghib), may explain the "seven heavens" as denoting the multiplicity of cosmic systems.
Following is my rendering of thumma, at the beginning of this sentence, as "and" (as explained for verse 7:54:.)
Allah is the Lord of everything that exists-'the heavens and the earth, and all between them'. He is the Lord of the Mashariq,-of every point at the rising of the sun. As the Commentators tell us, there are in the solar year only two equinoctial days, when the sun rises due east: on every other the sun rises at a shifting point either north or south of due east. In vii. 137 we have Mashariq al ardhi wa magaribaha, where the plural of the words for East and West is negligible, as the conjunction of the two embraces all points. The same may be said of lxx. 40, where Allah is called "Lord of all points in the East and the West". If we are speaking of longitudes, they may embrace all latitudes. In lv. 17 Allah is called "Lord of the two Easts and the two Wests", referring to the extreme points in either case. A cursory reader may ask, why is only the East referred to here? The reply is that it is not so much the East as the rising of the sun, on which stress is laid. The Arabic mashriq or mashariq is close enough to the root-word sharaqa, to suggest, not so much the East as the rising of the sun, especially when the plural form is used. The glorious sun rises from different points, as seen by us, but it illuminates the whole heaven and earth. It is an emblem of Unity.
In verses."
The first word, Zafir, translated "sighs", is applied to one part in the process of the braying of an ass, when he emits a deep breath. The second, Shahiq,.
In verses."
- Al-Latif (اللطيف) - The Subtle, The Gracious, The Refined
- Al-Khabir (الخبير) - The Inner-Aware, The Reality-Knower
In Verses."
Accordingly to a tradition in Abu Daud, a person came before the Prophet (peace be upon him) with a black slave girl (verse 1 of Surah al-Mujadalah), we have given full details concerning this). All this clearly shows that it is natural with man that whenever he thinks of God, his mind turns to the heaven above and not to the earth below.
Produced: ansha-a= made you grow, increase, develop, reach maturity: another of the processes of creation. This supplements ii. 916 and vi. 94. It is one of the wonders of God's Creation, that from one person we have grown to be so many, and each individual has so many faculties and capacities, and yet we are all one. In the next verse we have the allegory of grapes and other fruits: all grapes may be similar to look at, yet each variety has a distinctive flavour and other distinctive qualities, and each individual grape may have its own special qualities. So for man.
Muhammad Asad Explanation: I.e., with the faculty of feeling as well as of rational thinking.
Verse By Verse Quran Study Circle Explanation: meaning He initiated your creation and endowed you with intellect and power of reasoning. How little you use these abilities that Allah subhanahu wa ta’ala has blessed you with to obey Him, to act according to His commandments, and avoid His prohibitions.
We are human beings and not cattle. We were not meant to follow blindly whatever error and deviation we found prevailing in the world, without considering for a moment whether the way we have adopted was right or wrong. We had not been given the sense of hearing that we may refuse to listen to the one who tries to distinguish the right from the wrong, and may persist in whatever false notions we already have in our mind. We had not been given eyesight that we may follow others like the blind and may not bother to see whether the signs scattered around us testified to the Unity of Allah subhanahu wa ta’ala, which the Messenger of God preached about, or whether the system of the universe is Godless, or is being run by many, gods simultaneously. Likewise, we had also not been given this knowledge and intelligence that we may give up thinking and understanding to others and may adopt every crooked way that was enforced by somebody in the world, and may not use our own intellect to see whether it was right or wrong. Allah subhanahu wa ta’ala has blessed us with knowledge and intelligence, sight and hearing, so that we may recognize the truth, but we are being ungrateful to Him in that we are employing these faculties for every other object than the one for which these had been granted.ningsquared@hotmail.com (Ning) wrote in message news:<f6b8d70a.0403152313.2a092e49@posting.google.com>...> Hi all, > > I am not quite familiar with 21065L. Now I want to transfer data from > Tern R-Engine-A to SHARC 21065L. Is it possible to achieve it via > RS232 ?You have an EzKit Lite? That would be an easy way to achieve what you want, it has a 16550 UART on board. Or you could attach one to your design. Or implement it by software, it is explained in EE notes in ADI website. And of course, including the RS-232 level converters (MAX-232, for instance) JaaC> > Thank you in advance. > > Regards, > NingGem Scientific can offer you Finance Options to give you flexible and cost-effective ways of getting the equipment you need in your business. For more information on how it can work for your business and to find out if you are eligible call 01924 444 577 and speak to a member of our team.
Download our Finance Options PDF
Financing is a great solution for purchasing capital assets that releases the pressure from the day to day working capital.
No need to compromise on the quality of equipment you use due to financial constraints.
Benefit from having the equipment on site from day one while spreading the cost over a fixed period..Abstract
Background: Exercise and weight loss have been shown to improve serum testosterone (T) in obese individuals. However, the association between low T levels and guideline-based exercise thresholds has not been determined. Objective: Using the recently updated Physical Activity Guidelines Advisory Committee (PAGAC) recommendations, we sought to investigate the relationship between recommended activity levels and the prevalence of low T levels. Materials and Methods: The2011-2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) was used to identify men ages 18 to 80 years who answered the physical activity questionnaire and underwent serum T testing. Men were categorized based on PAGAC activity level: less than recommended, recommended and greater than recommended. Multivariable logistic regressions were used to determine the association between low T (<300 ng/dL) and activity level across body mass index (BMI) categories while adjusting for potential confounders. Results: Of the 7372 men who met the inclusion criteria, the majority (4372, 59.3%) exceeded the recommended amount of activity, whereas only 2326 (31.6%) exercised less than the recommended amount. On multivariable analysis, obese men whose activity exceeded the recommended amount were less likely to have low T (OR 0.523, 95% CI 0.409-0.669, P <.001) compared with men who did not meet the recommended activity level. Discussion and Conclusions: Using a large, nationally representative cohort, we demonstrated that obese men whose activity exceeded PAGAC recommendations had a decreased likelihood of having low T levels. Given the numerous benefits of exercise, these data provide a basis for counseling obese patients regarding the association between exercise and decreased prevalence of low T.
Keywords
- NHANES
- exercise
- hypogonadism
- metabolic equivalents
- testosterone
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism
- Reproductive Medicine
- Endocrinology
- UrologyPoints Highlighted:
It is also worth noting that the Switch Online membership, which you need to play games like Mario Kart or Smash Bros Ultimate online, will auto-renew after the three months are up. Rates for the subscription start at $4 per month when going on a month-to-month basis, while prepaying for three months is $8. Prepaying for a full year is $20.
The Switch bundle, which includes a Switch, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, and a three-month Switch Online Individual Membership for $300 (a $70 savings), debuts on November 21. The bargain will be available “while supplies last” at “participating stores.”
A number of notable games will be $40 (or $20 off their normal prices) later this month, including The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe, Super Mario Maker 2, The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening and Splatoon 2.
Other Black Friday Nintendo discounts will include $25 off Ring Fit Adventure, Nintendo’s exercise game for the Switch and $40 off Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit. With the savings, Ring Fit will drop to $55 while Mario Kart Live will be $60. As with the other game deals, this offer will run from Nov. 21 through Nov. 27.
The savings on games will run from Nov. 21 through Nov. 27. A full list can be found at Nintendo’s site.Siding Resources
Decking Resources
Outdoor Resources
Indoor Resources
Timbers Resources
About Real Cedar
#105 – 20120 Stewart Crescent
Maple Ridge, BC Canada V2X-0T4
Dave Pollock
Tel: 604-460-6333
Glen Kump
Tel: 604-460-6333
Bakerview Forest Products Inc. Website
Delivering customer expectations with honesty and integrity is the central precept of our company. We view our suppliers and customers, and employees as long term partners, and believe that our own company’s success is founded in assisting them to be successful.
The origins of both Bakerview Forest Products Inc., and Pat Power Forest Products Corp. hail back to 1980 when each company respectively began their businesses in the wholesale of Western Red Cedar.
Over the past 3 decades, as the coastal forest industry evolved, so did each respective company, to include the business functions of distribution, and remanufacture (including the ownership of kiln drying facilities) and to include a variety of other wood species in their product line. In 2007, in response to the changing coastal industry and the secession desires of their founders (Vern Friesen, and Pat Power, respectively), Bakerview and Pat Power Forest joined forces.
While Western Red Cedar remains a focal point of the combined company, we further specialize in a variety of softwood species (Yellow Cedar, SPF, Hemlock, Pine, Fir, Eastern Cypress) and coastal hardwoods. We customarily stock and distribute our product from three facilities ( 2 in the Pacific Northwest, and one in Florida ).Rentals for the Active Duration is Not Charged During Rerating
(Doc ID 2625522.1)
Last updated on FEBRUARY 24, 2021
Applies to:Oracle Communications BRM - Elastic Charging Engine - Version 11.3.0.9.0 and later
Oracle Communications Billing and Revenue Management - Version 12.0.0.1.0 and later
Information in this document applies to any platform.
Goal
Scenario:
In a setup with Elastic Charging Engine integrated with Billing and Revenue Management, a service with Recurring charge (RC) is created. After some days this service is cancelled. After cancelling the service, changed the price for the Recurring Charge product and performed rerating. Here it is observed there is a charge missing for the duration when the product was active.
For example:
- An account with RC product (initial price -> 531.2) was created on 12th Dec (prorated impact -> 342.709677)
- Cancelled the product on 20th Dec (currency impact -> -205.625806)
- On cancellation, the effective charge for the customer is around 137 (342.709677 - 205.625806)
- Then changed the price of RC product from 531.2 to 631.2 and performed rerating on 22nd Dec
- After rerate, one could only see the backout events for original impacts (-342.709677 and 205.625806)
- However, one does not see any rerate impact on the charge 137 and hence the customer is not charged at all in this case.
It is expected that the new charge 631.2 should be generated for the period from 12th Dec to 20th Dec which is not happening in this case.
Solution
In this DocumentFinding used Abeka for sale might be fairly simple, however finding it for the proper value is a little more tough. Even one of the best writers improve over time and articles that were created a few years in the past might warrant enhancements. HubPages will not be a ‘get wealthy fast’ scheme, however can certainly pay off for those who are willing to put in the time and effort required to create a sturdy, actually priceless, search-friendly portfolio of articles.
However, we are going to give you as a lot breeding historical past at the time of the sale as we will. Once you have published your article you possibly can advertise. Utilizing social bookmarking and networking providers, your personal blogs, and quite a lot of different sites can expose your article to a human audience.
Funding Property costs vary between $200,000 to $850,000 The average house sells for about $274,370 The median variety of days energetic properties have been listed is forty nine. The {d4cd5fcdf511f56a6f10356536f81debf3bb9182b8c191aef988f8510a11d263} of unoccupied or Distressed properties could be very low in Gilbert (85233) It’s eleven.2{d4cd5fcdf511f56a6f10356536f81debf3bb9182b8c191aef988f8510a11d263} and under the national common.
Must you encounter a delay on your Statistics web page (by noticing that the numbers haven’t been up to date recently), we suggest referring to Google Analytics, which offers much more performance and responsiveness (the Statistics page on HubPages is more of a fast reference point, offering quick access to articles, necessary notices, and basic stats).
Profitable articles are most often written by people who are truly passionate and uniquely knowledgeable in regards to the topics they address. By serving adverts in your articles, HubPages gives Hubbers the chance to earn from their revealed work.
Snowstorms wreaked havoc on Interstate 80 today in Ohio as a 50 car pile-up has crews scrambling to get to the disabled vehicles in order to clear the highway. Reports have indicated that several of the vehicles involved were tractor-trailers.
According to Ohio Highway Patrol, the incident occurred this afternoon west of State Route 46 near Austintown, Ohio. Westbound Interstate 80 is shut down from Salt Springs Road to the Turnpike.
Other accidents were also reported in Mercer County in both the eastbound and westbound lanes on I-80. The westbound accident is approximately four miles west of exit 15 and the eastbound accident occurred 0.3 miles east of exit 15. There are lane restrictions in place on both the eastbound and westbound lanes of traffic.
We urge you to drive with caution as the region experiences the first snowy conditions of the season. If you do not need to be out on the roads, please stay home.What should I pay, or how does the sliding scale work?
A primary incentive to set up a sliding scale payment system is to provide acupuncture for those who otherwise cannot afford it.
Likewise, it also extends the possibilty that people can receive treatments more frequently if necessary or desired.
On a $15-40 sliding scale, for instance, someone whose budget is limits her to $60 per week for acupuncture is not restricted to coming in for one treatment per week. She could actually come in 2, 3, or 4 times if necessary.
Providing an opportunity for people to come more frequently increases the odds that people will have positive results that last.
No matter what amount you choose to pay, by receiving acupuncture at Thicket N’Thorn, you are supporting health care for others in the community while providing a sustainable income for your practitioner.Purplegator’s Bob Bentz, author of Relevance Raises Response: How to Engage and Acquire with Mobile Marketing, provides methods for improving the effectiveness of your mobile and digital advertising.
Are your mobile and digital display advertising campaigns not meeting your lofty expectations? Here’s some ways that you can continue to increase the effectiveness of your marketing efforts and improve your ROI.
Digital Advertising Campaign Optimization
Optimizing campaigns means optimizing the reach of the messages to the appropriate target market that is most likely to engage with the advertising. By using the data provided by the agency or from our third party data providers, we have nearly unlimited ways to segment a marketer’s target audience.
Our ability to improve your results is derived from the following sources:
- 1st party data from agency
- 2nd party data acquired by the agency or us
- 3rd party data from independent providers
- Device ID Matching — using a prospect list to match the individual to his/her mobile or desktop device
- Geolocation — the primary geographic targeting area
- Geofencing — a subset of the geolocation
- Geotargeting — identifying the demographics and interests of residents
- Geo Conquesting — pinpoint selection of mobile & desktop devices to target down to the address level.
- Artificial Intelligence — analysis of consumer intent, primarily via voice search
Again, Relevance Raises Response.
Here’s how you can increase the performance of your display advertising programs:
Increase Unique Clicks
- Frequency Capping — Limit the number of exposures per mobile or desktop ID to 7.
- Guarantee that the above the fold ratio of ads is at least 67%.
- Run your ads on premium, well-known sites that achieve higher click/tap through rates. The quality of the sites where your ads are seen does matter.
- Best Performing Creative — Once you have statistically accurate data, you can enhance your click through rate by serving the better performing ads more often. It’s a simple concept, but you’d be surprised how many advertisers don’t bother doing this.
- Use a “Custom Intent” strategy that identifies people who are actively searching for specific keywords on Google and then target them with display ads.
- Contextual Advertising — Also called “native advertising,” this strategy involves placement of your advertisement adjacent to content that is reflective of your advertising.
- Geo Conquesting — Targeting specific address locations and identifying the devices that are there. This works assuming that the location has an intrinsic correlation with the subject matter.
- Creative — Develop ads that consumers WANT to click or tap on. Give them a reason to click or tap and use an effective Call to Action (CTA) button.
- Remarketing — Remarketing ads see an increase of 4.5x greater than first-time seen banner ads.
- Use unique, creative videos and cinemagraphs that show tap through rates that are 2.54x greater than ordinary banner ads.
Gator Clips demo:
Cinemagraphs demo:
Increase Impressions
- An impression in the overnight hours is just as valuable to your agencies (and maybe more valuable) than one during regular working hours, but it is usually significantly cheaper. If you aren’t a retailer or direct response company with limited hours of operation, there’s no need to act like one. Take advantage of cheaper inventory.
- Ditto. Buy weekend inventory. It’s cheaper.
- Use multiple providers and work with the one that is providing you with the most beneficial CPM at that given moment.
- Don’t be afraid to switch providers midway through the campaign. Meet weekly with your staff or agency to review campaigns and make continual enhancements to programs.
- CPMs are the most important aspect of increasing impressions. Just remember, however, that all impressions are not created equal. A video view, for example, is surely going to be more valuable than seeing a banner, yet they both count as 1 impression!
Maximizing Geo-Targeting Performance
- Utilize multiple social media and desktop and in-app platforms.
- Use various third party data sources for targeting.
- Employ negative keywords — Negative keywords are keywords that prevent your ads from being displayed when certain word phrases are searched. Using negative keywords helps Google avoid serving ads to consumers whose search intent is not your campaign’s intent. For example, if we were doing a smoking cessation campaign, a search for “smoking ribs” would not be a person we would want to target. Hence, we would add a negative keyword phrase of “ribs.”
- Lookalike Targeting — We will identify consumers who have clicked through your ads and place them in a database, then find a lookalike audience (consumers similar to them) to target with the same advertisements.
- Household Extensions — Since we know the IP addresses of the household as the same, one could assume the other residents have similar personas so we extend the ads to those individuals who may be using different devices, but at the same location.
- Business Extensions — This works the same as Household Extensions, only it is for a business.
- Audience Insight Reports — Third party data that matches back to mobile and desktop devices is used to further delineate geo-spatial data to create pools of consumers that look like others.
Decreasing Repeats
- Limit frequency to 7 (or whatever you request) per mobile and desktop ID.
- Combining known mobile and desktop devices to aggregate frequency.
- Target residents of a larger geographic area when that makes sense.
- Identify consumers who may not be residents of the geolocation, but are in the targeted region at this.Water Pumps
Large range of aftermarket water pumps for the most popular cars confident you won't have to go far for to make your next purchase.
With products built by the most esteemed manufactures in the business, we guarantee we have the best range to suit your vehicle.
At Repco, our wide range of car water pumps is unbeatable on price and quality. With something to suit everyone and every car, we are confident you'll find everything you need in the one place.
For more information regarding any of our car water pumps, contact our experts today. Whether it be in store or over the phone, we are here to help. Alternatively, visit our website to shop the entire range of car parts online today.Shared From The Lenovo YouTube Channel: Complete replay of Lenovo Yoga Launch 2015 from San Francisco CA. Originally aired on 10-19-2015. "I had an amazing opportunity to participate in the launch and share my personal experience using the Lenovo YOGA Home 900 and YOGA 900 Laptop. My Lenovo YOGA 900 Laptop review will be published soon. I also share my favorite things about the … [Read more...]A programme of additional activities to improve your grades, skills and future progression.
We want your time at College to be successful, enjoyable and rewarding. Our priority is for you to leave us with excellent grades and reach your academic potential, but we also encourage skills and experience that will prepare you for a successful future.
How does JCC Extra work?
We expect all students to commit to at least 35 hours a year of ‘JCC Extra’ and this forms part of your study programme at College. At the beginning of each year, and again in January, you will choose one or more activities that you think help you achieve at least one of the following:
- Help you develop new and important skills
- Stretch and challenge you academically
- Support your studies and improve your grades
- Build up an effective experience portfolio
- Enhance your UCAS personal statement
- Spark a new interest
- Meet new people, try new things and have fun!
Attendance.
Activities will take place at different times throughout the week. Some activities will last for a number of weeks, others may be a one day-event and sessions will take place at different times throughout the week. You must check when your session takes place because, once you have registered for an activity, you will be expected to attend for the duration of the programme and your attendance will be recorded.
As well as academic excellence, the College will recognise students who contribute above and beyond expected standards. This will be part of our annual Beacon Awards.
Your Skills Audit.
Your Personal Progress Tutor will work with you to keep a Skills Audit in which you will identify the skills and measure how far they have developed at different points in the year. This will begin in October and will be repeated in March and June. Your Progress Tutor and teachers will support you in selecting appropriate enrichment.
Some activities will last for a number of weeks, while others may be one-day events. Once you have registered for an activity, you must attend for the duration of your programme, and your attendance will be recorded. Your Personal Progress Tutor will help you to keep a ‘skills journal’, in which you will record the activities you are taking part in, and reflect upon them. Your journal will be used to evaluate the personal, academic and social skills you are developing.
For participating in JCC Extra activities, you will receive the following certificates:
• JCC Extra Bronze Award – 35 hours
• JCC Extra Silver Award – 70 hours
• JCC Extra Gold Award – 100 hours
Clubs and Societies.
Some of our most popular clubs and societies are:
- CC griffins Legal Society
- Debating Society
- Duke of Edinburgh Award
- SL “Learn to Sign”
- Bollywood Film and Music
- Movie Night
- FAA level 2 Award in Student First Aid
- Future Financial Thinking
To explore our full range of groups, download a copy of our enrichment programme for 2021-2022 here.Ensinger Inc.
Washington, PA 15301
Plastic Stock Shapes suit automotive and aircraft industries.
Made with UltemÃ‚® resin from Sabic Innovative Plastics, TECAPEI™ Stock Shapes retain strength and resist stress cracking when exposed to automotive and aircraft fluids. They also resist aliphatic hydrocarbons, alcohols, acids, and weak aqueous solutions. Inherent flame resistance without additives makes TECAPEI difficult to ignite, meeting UL94 V-0 specifications. With high glass...Read More »
Ensinger's Delrin Polymer Outperforms Standard Copolymer Shapes
Engineers consistently specify DuPont™ DelrinÃ‚® stock shapes extruded by Ensinger because of their increased physical properties which can be as much as 20% higher than other acetals. Manufactured from DuPont™ DelrinÃ‚® resin, Ensinger uses a proprietary extrusion process that produces shapes with lower stress and better dimensional stability that leads to consistent and reliable...Read More »
Stock Shapes for Food Processing Improve Food Plant Productivity and Safety
The Ensinger's food grade products provide ways to increase efficiency of food processing equipment while reducing downtime and the risk of product contamination. These food grade products offer typical thermoplastics advantages such as lighter weight, self lubrication, and corrosion/chemical resistance. In addition, Ensinger recently introduced TECAFORMÃ‚® FG Blue, TECAFORMÃ‚® AH ID, and...Read More »
Thin Plastic Sheet comes in slit to width rolls.
Made with VictrexÃ‚® PEEK polymer, TECAPEEKÃ‚...Read More »
Thin Gauge Sheeting resists chemicals, moisture, and heat.
Available in .062, .093, and .125 in. thicknesses, Penn Fibre' thin gauge TECANYLÃ‚® PPO sheet is made from Sabic Noryl EN 265 resin and supports continuous use temperatures exceeding 220Ã‚°F. Another thickness, 0.40 in., is also available, with 50 sheet minimum, and standard sheet size is 24 x 48 in. All sizes exhibit minimal moisture absorption, impact strength, and electrical...Read More »
FDA Compliant Blue Components Allow Easier Optical Inspection During Food Processing
Ensinger's TECAFORMÂ® FG Blue was designed and developed so that food equipment components machined from this material will be more visible than the same parts made from standard natural colored materials. Blue is the only color that does not widely occur naturally in the food chain. Therefore, should components break or wear during operations, small pieces will be more likely to be picked up...Read More »
Ensinger Extruded Thin Gauge High Performance Sheet Offers Savings in Time, Labor, and Material
Ensinger's extruded thin gauge high performance sheet, manufactured by its subsidiary Penn Fibre, can save time, labor, and material cost for a variety of parts. Gaskets, seals, wear plates, and spacers that might be manufactured from thicker gauge plate or rod stock can be punched or cut from sheet. This thin gauge, high performance sheet is offered in four products, developed for use in a...Read More »
Thermoplastic Carbon Fiber Composites enhance medical components.
Stock shapes made using chemical-resistant and radiolucent TECATEC series consist of thermoplastic matrix and woven fabric of carbon fiber bundles. TECATEC PEEK CW50 is manufactured using matrix polymer VICTREXÃ‚® PEEK(TM), which is then compressed with laminated woven carbon fabric mats. Also available, TECATEC PEKK CW60 consists of polyetherketoneketone matrix (PEKK) laminated with 60%...Read More »
Thermoformable Sheeting is based on Fortron® PPS.
Thermoformable polyphenylene sulfide (PPS) sheet and roll products are suited for applications requiring thermal and chemical resistance and inherent flame retardancy. Available as monolayer sheets and rolls in widths to 48 in. and thicknesses from 0.010-0.25 in., products encompass neat, glass-filled and modified grades containing impact modifiers and tougheners. Melt point enables processing to...Read More »We describe a new solution for iPhone users to publish images to a WordPress site with only 5 screen touches!
Customer problem
We supply websites to swimming clubs. These are administered by busy parents out of hours. Keeping content fresh is a challenge.
Social media is becoming increasingly popular within swim clubs mostly because it’s so easy to post. Its limited search, curation and ecommerce capabilities mean that websites continue to have a role.
Can publishing to WordPress be as easy as posting to social media?
I’ve been researching this for a while and I think that the honest answer has been no, unfortunately.
Until today maybe…
Potential solutions
- The WordPress App on iOS is pretty OK. Its downside is that it only allows you to operate core WordPress (posts, pages, media, etc) and not other plugins that you have installed. It’s also designed as kinda a mobile/tablet version of the full web version, which is hardly easy for people unlike us!
- A Google search throws up multiple ‘listicle’ posts. They might be the ‘top 10’, but are not suitable for my customers unfortunately.
- The WordPress REST API combined with other solutions such as Twilio messaging API looked possible, although would come with a significant development overhead, usage fees, and picture messaging seems to be quite country specific. A solution that works here in Australia almost certainly wouldn’t work with carriers in the US.
- Part of the challenge is what to publish. Text is slow to write and often dull to read. Pictures (and increasingly video) are today’s media of choice. I wonder whether the WordPress REST API combined with a slider or gallery may do the trick. An email exchange with the wonderful Barbi at Envira Gallery’s support desk kept the innovation rolling.
- And then I discovered iOS shortcuts and a solution hit me. Within a few hours I had built a working prototype!….
iOS shortcuts combined with Envira Gallery are extremely powerful
My ingredients:
- WordPress website running Envira Gallery and it’s Lightroom add-on (premium plugins)
- iPhone running iOS 12.1.1 and Shortcuts (free from App store)
It takes only 2 steps for an iPhone user!
- Take photo OR select photo from the image gallery
- Press ‘share’, ‘shortcuts’ and ‘Upload’
The photo is then automatically published. For sites without caching it appears immediately when the page is refreshed.
Solution architecture overview
Envira Gallery is a premium plugin that’s great for displaying photography. It’s Lightroom add-on is intended to allow professional photographers to publish direct to WordPress from within Adobe Lightroom. Without editing the plugin code I simply used the API.
Shortcuts is a recently launched app that allows iOS devices to run pre-coded routines. These can be built by users using a relatively simple drag and drop style interface and very limited basic coding. Due to the feature set within Shortcuts extremely powerful functions can be built.
The programmed workflow of my Shortcut is:
- Select photo from the iPhone media gallery
- Resize the image
- Crop the image
- Convert to JPEG and compress
- Base64 Encode
- POST to Envira Gallery API
With a bit of fiddling I’ve configured my phone to offer the shortcut behind the standard ‘share’ icon. So publishing a photo to a gallery is literally as easy as sending a picture message!
I’ll aim to share it’s file here so that you can hack. I first need to remove authentication codes etc. In the mean time here’s a quick screen grab:
Caution: there are 2 ‘Base64 Encode’ values. Make sure you select the correct one in each case.
URL is
Second POST Header key is: X-Envira-Lightroom-Access-Token
Build order
- Install Shortcuts on iPhone. Give it permission to access photos.
- Within WordPress add a new user with sufficient permission to create Envira Galleries (Author worked for me)
- Upload Envira Gallery and the Lightroom add-on
- Within Envira Gallery settings, navigate to ‘Lightroom’ and create a new access token attached to the newly created user.
- On the iPhone build (or install) the shortcut described above.
- Insert the access code created above into the Shortcut.
- Create a new Envira Gallery within WordPress. Although it will not contain images at this stage, publish. Note its number. Place the Envira shortcode (not Shortcut!) on a published post or page for testing purposes.
- Insert this Envira gallery number into the Shortcut.
- Test and enjoy!
Known limitations
- Doesn’t work on Android or old iPhones.
- Upload single photos, not multiple. The latter may be possible using loops within Shortcuts.
- I have not yet displayed or used Captions, Titles or set unique file names.
- Cannot delete/edit from phone (must login to WordPress for that).
- Works on Envira Gallery, but can’t easily find a similar solution for Soliloquy (slider)
- Requires host WordPress site to be prepared for the new photo wall as described above.
- Probably won’t work when phone is out of telco / WiFi network range.
But wait, there’s more….!
Shortcuts contains a function that can publish to WordPress direct without. It is also extremely powerful for publishing new posts, pages and uploading to the media gallery. Despite the Envira solution being more complex to implement, it creates a better user experience I think. I’ll keep experimenting.
Tip: install the iOS WordPress app to populate Shortcuts with additional WordPress menu options (as yet untested by me).Welcome to the Butt Hutt™ in Athens, GA!
Restaurant – 706-850-8511 Catering Info – 706-207-5724
→ MENU → Directions
At Butt Hutt™, we strive to offer only the best barbecue, sandwiches, specialty sides, wings and healthy salads to our customers. Our staff is eager to serve you and your family and keep you coming back for more!
We also cater events large and small, from graduation parties, sporting events, family reunions, corporate events and more. We hope you consider Butt Hutt™ to cater your next event.
A Look Back at The E-Reader Project in 2018
By Robin Pippin
The end of the year is when most of us take some time to reflect back on the significant moments of the past year: accomplishments, growth, and changes. The E-Reader Project had its share of those as well. Here is a look back at some of the project’s significant moments in 2018.
This year, the project continued its e-reader production for schools in all three languages. A total of 507 e-readers were delivered to the project’s partner schools. This is the fourth consecutive year the project has prepared and delivered over 500 devices.
2018 saw the addition of three more partner schools. The School of Theology at Katako-Kombe and University of Theology at Lubumbashi, two French-speaking schools in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, received their first devices and held trainings this year. Recently, the United Methodist Theological College in Uganda became the 25th school to partner with the project, receiving its first set of e-readers earlier this month.
In July, the third annual meeting of the Africa E-Reader Team took place in Nashville, Tennessee. The first two meetings had been held in Africa. The team is made up of the project’s representatives from all over the continent. Throughout the year, team members visit schools, deliver e-readers and hold trainings on how to effectively use the device. The meeting is a chance for members to come together and report on schools they have visited and how the project is performing there. The trip to Nashville also gave our visiting team members the opportunity to visit four United Methodist agencies and The United Methodist Publishing House to tour the buildings and hear more about the work of each organization.
2018 also saw the E-Reader Project transition into new leadership. Since our beginning in 2013, the project has been a shared initiative with Discipleship Ministries and Higher Education and Ministry (HEM). Robin Pippin had led the Project since 2013; but in July of this year, leadership was transferred to the able hands of Rev. Dr. Beauty Maenzanise, a manager with Higher Education and Ministry.
Dr. Maenzanise, a native of Zimbabwe and former Dean of the Faculty of Theology at Africa University, co-led the Africa E-Reader Team for three years with Pippin. In her work, Dr. Maenzanise has visited most of the partner schools and has been an enthusiastic champion of the E-Reader Project. She has facilitated the addition of new schools to the project each year, and she will support the growing e-library in three languages. Our Nashville team of Junie Nkonge and Taylor Elliott will continue the day-to-day work of the project, with Pippin staying on in an advisory role.
_2<<be STRONG Conditioner Bar 30-35g - WHOLESALE
the be STRONG is for thin or damaged hair that needs strengthening. Nettle and avocado oil strengthens while red clover stimulates new growth. PH Balanced / Salon Grade / Natural.
directions:
*Bottle none is a company based in Vernon, British Columbia that manufactures low waste personal care products such as shampoo bars, conditioners bars, and deodorants.If you are looking for a new exercise routine, one that is low impact and easy to get started with, then consider the use of your stairs to start with. You may be surprised at just how much fun it can be and you will find that your whole body feels better too. So what are you waiting for, go get a good pair of stairs and start using them to keep fit!
Stairs are an amazing way to get exercise and they are relatively easy to get started with too. The first thing you need to do is measure the stairs to ensure you buy a pair that will fit into the space that you have. This can be done by either measuring the width or height of the stairs. If you want to use the stairs for an exercise area, then you should be careful to measure the space that you have before you buy any furniture or wall decor, otherwise you will find that you cannot get to the stairs properly. If you buy the furniture or wall decor before you get the measurements then you can put it in a piece of cardboard and use this as a guideline.
So how do you go about getting into how to exercise using your stairs and keep fit? First, you should think about getting a stool. This can be easily made from wood or metal. It can have a few different pieces such as feet, arms and legs that can add variety and make it much easier to walk up and down the stairs. You can even get one that comes with a special attachment to help you balance it, which makes it easier to walk up and down the stairs and make it more interesting for you and anyone else who uses your stairs.
If you have some extra room on your stairs, you can try having a bench installed as well. You can also add some decorative pillows to give it a nice modern look. You don't need to buy anything extravagant but you should think about the style of the bench that you choose. as this will help to make it a pleasant place to sit and it will help to keep your legs comfortable. So what are you waiting for, get your bench today and start exercising with your stairs!
If you are looking for a way to keep fit, get a pair of stairs and use it in the most suitable way. With some basic planning and a little imagination you will be amazed at how much fun you can have.
More Related Article
How to Exercise Facial MusclesCommonly to finance or refinance a home you must pre-qualify with a lender of your choice. Initially I suggest to sign up for Credit Sesame or Credit Karma to see all your creditors. This is free service and gives you a head start to see what is out there under your social security number! The start of the process consist of sending the loan processor the last two years of filed tax returns and legit proof of any other income. Not to mention informing lender of any debt that you incurred. In-turn processor will in get your consent to run a credit report. Promptly answers all questions and send any additional documentation requested by the processor. Upon receiving credit report, loan processor reviews thoroughly. Many cases other debt shows up that has not been reported by the buyer or credit fraud accounts show up.
At this point you will receive a conditional pre-approval. From here on all other open conditions need to be met prior sending to underwriter. This file has to be investigated by the processor before file is sent to underwriter. All disputed accounts must be settled/cured prior buying a home and sending to underwriter. Many underwriters will not approve loans with open disputes. Underwriters are all different and can ask for many different documentation. Do not take this personal and can feel somewhat uncomfortable to a degree and irritating from hands on experience. However loan officers can be held accountable if a loan folds within six months after closing. Once underwriter signs off you are eligible for a which sounds better a pre-approval.
A commitment letter or pre approval from the lender comes about a week or less prior to closing. You have the option of shopping for the lender that has the best terms based on your credit score. Please note the higher your credit score is the better interest rate you will receive. Any questions you may have feel free to call me today at 407 479-8583 to help you with the right lender to meet your needs.
Previous ArticleC
- 4-module DIN-rail mounting
- Functions: Support, anti-freeze, return increase, double pump, tubular sensors, priority management possibility, Or, And, independent thermostat (1, 2, 3) ambient thermostat (1, 2), storage tank cooling and calorie meter (optional litre meter)
- The room thermostat function complemented by the SR Moderate will allow you to change the setpoint from e.g. your living room, without going down to the boiler room
- Test for probes, relays and meter for the installer’s start-up
- Programming access password
- Possibility of configuring a differential thermostat for secondary solar heating and ventilation systems
- Free allocation of resources (choice of relay and probe that uses each function), that minimizes the stock for the distributor
- It has a statistics menu that will provide you with the data collected by your installation. Saves the data of maximum, minimum and average temperatures of each zone, hours of operation of the devices, flows and energies provided
For customized versions, (with SD memory, 115V~ power supply, with triac output and/or digital and proportional inputs for electronic pump control) consult the sales department
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.She is extremely passionate about teaching her skills to both Indigenous and non-Indigenous students of all ages. Her aim is to give participants the opportunity to learn and understand Aboriginal culture and develop knowledge of both historical and contemporary Aboriginal history.
In July 2018, Cassie appeared on ABC’s Gardening Australia program, talking to presenter Millie Ross about how she uses indigenous plants in her culturally rich creations.
Nowadays more and more people wear wigs. Because there are more and more kinds of wigs, enough to meet different needs of people, but also avoid the hair problems caused by our pursuit of beauty to perm and dye our hair. In the wig market, the most popular must be lace wigs. Lace wigs are more natural after installation, and lace is very breathable and will not cause damage to our hair and scalp.
The more delicate and transparent the lace is, the easier it is to match our skin tone. However, there are many kinds of lace wigs, such as lace frontal wigs, T part lace wigs, full lace wigs, 360 lace wigs, 370 lace wigs, lace closure wigs, and so on. So which lace wig is better?
Today we are going to talk about the difference between the full lace wig and lace frontal wig in detail.Specification
Dell Inspiron 15 3501 Core i3 15.6″ Laptop
Description
Dell Inspiron 15 3501 Core i3 15.6″ Laptop
Along with Dell Inspiron 15-3501 Laptop, users can view, read, watch, stream, listen, and learn with the 10th Gen processor that offers a wide range of multimedia capabilities to entertain and entice all throughout the day. Users can access what they need most with the touch of a button or a click on the touchpad. With Modern Standby, the laptop wakes up quickly so that.If you’re on the lookout for authentic travel experiences, definitely give Romania a try. From raw nature and strikingly-beautiful villages to tantalizing food and beautiful people, this is a country that will likely exceed your expectations.
Today we would like to direct our thoughts towards a beautiful project in the Carpathian Mountains. Nomad Ecovillage brings together glamping, Eco-lodging, yoga and an ultimate sense of bliss.
The gorgeous getaway is open for public from late May till early October and welcomes visitors short and long-term. Here is the inside scoop from the lovely people behind the project:
# The Story. Together we created the first mobile ecovillage we are aware of.
We are Nomad Ecovillage and our goal is to live in perfect harmony with the environment – while using the benefits of the technology for sustainable living – and share it with the world!
# The ecovillage concept
An ecovillage is a traditional or intentional community created to become socially, culturally, economically and ecologically sustainable. An ecovillage strives to produce the least possible negative impact on the natural environment through ecological building and materials, as well as responsible member behaviour.
Sustainability, community living & beyond
The members of the community (including guests staying in the ecovillage) are generally united by the same ecological, social, economic, cultural and spiritual principles. In other words, the “eco-locals” are looking for alternatives that help them live in perfect harmony with the world around them.
Most members intend to live a healthy and balanced lifestyle while constantly making conscious efforts to avoid waste and unnecessary consumerism, excessive dependence on fossil fuels and genetically modified food. Moreover, they strive to make conscious choices that are not only harmless for the environment but also contribute to the regeneration of the environment.
# What you will find at Nomad Ecovillage. Facilities:
At Nomad EcoVillage, we strive to maintain a holistic approach towards sustainable living by combining both economic and non-economic factors to promote a high-quality, low impact lifestyle.
This is what we have prepared for you:
- Seasonal accommodation and community living
- Accommodation in glamping tents, domes, as well as an A-shape tented cabin
- Regular and ecological toilets and washing facilities (composting toilets)
- Community area with hammocks, hay therapy, fire pit, outdoor seating area
- Games: badminton, volleyball, football
- Board games
- Children’s playground (rope-climbing, trampoline, kites, frisbee, etc.)
- Wellbeing (massage therapies)
- Yoga and dance classes
- Local natural products
- Educational programmes, arts & crafts workshops, team building, corporate events and other extra activities:
- Educational center
- Teambuilding facilities
- Arts & crafts, DIY and local expert-led workshops
- Music
- Sustainability workshops
- Eco-volunteer programmes
- Meeting/seminar room (opening soon)
Whether you want to book an authentic accommodation in a remote natural setting, participate in a yoga retreat or even live in our nomad community, you are in the right place!
# When visiting Nomad EcoVillage, you will find:
- Million-star, environmental-friendly accommodations
- Handmade concept and design – soft touches, attention to detail
- Local gastronomy, culture and traditions
- Workshops – yoga, meditation, arts & crafts, sustainable and off-grid living
- Guided tours to explore the surroundings
- Members of the community who call this ecovillage “home”How to contact us
To make initial contact with us please send an email to contact-us@thesitingscompany.com containing the basic details of what you would like to discuss and we will get back to you. We can accept or return phone calls by request, and existing clients may have additional contact methods available to them, but our initial method of contact is by email.There’s something Winehouse-y about this debut album from the exotic alt pop singer-songwriter, especially on the seductive initial track, “Boom.” And the at-first lush, then mildly threatening strings on “Crazy That Way” lend a creative touch. But the acoustically driven “Same Damn Thing” wins the big prize here. Hear Music (anjuliemusic
-Blogging now has become an important part of website. It has now become a good medium to stay in touch with people. Even today, we can see websites without blogs but are we aware how much they loss are they facing?
No, without blog it is almost impossible to properly communicate with people. Yes, Social media and other marketing ways are available but what a blog can do can’t be done by any other medium. It is a straight way where users directly visit your website either to get knowledge or to know about your product or services.
Some people have website, they also maintain blog but actually they are unaware as to how blogs can be enhanced to draw the attention of people. This is must to know because this will only increase your website traffic.
So, if you have a Joomla website and if you wish to convert it in a blog then here are some extensions for the same:
Joomla extensions to transform it in a blog:
We can see WordPress has good features that can easily help you to create a blog whereas Joomla lacks such features and hence certain extensions are useful to transform your website into a blog. These are as follows:
- Easy Blog: It is one of the powerful Joomla extensions that is used by 50,000 + Joomla sites. This extension can be used to manage personal blogs, company blogs as well as other blogs like as Category and team blog.
Further, this extension comes with various social integrations like as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and more which makes it easier to share your posts on various social networks. It can be considered as the perfect blogging solution for Joomla websites.
- Easy Discuss: It is one of the important Joomla discussion and forum extension that is used to create forums as well as question and answers community on the website easily in an effective manner.
So, from now on if you have any online discussion about any particular topic or if you wish to manage your customers in an effective manner, answer their queries quickly, engage with them in conversions then this extension is perfect for you.
- Section Ex: It is one of the useful Joomla extensions. It displays all articles in particular categories and is used to extend Joomla’s built in Category List Layout. The latest version of this extension includes all security fixes.
This extension is considered to be best to create Frequently Asked Question Pages as well as other such simple directories for your Joomla website.
- Komento: It is an advanced comment extension that allows the visitors to comment on articles, blog posts and product pages.
This extension was developed by Mark Lee and was last updated on June 12, 2015. Due to its powerful features, this Joomla extension was declared winner of Community Choice Extensions.
As compared to other extensions of Joomla, this is one of the safest, secure, lightweight and compatible with all Joomla versions and is available for free. With this extension, one can transfer the comments from Easy Blog and get that display in Komento.
Wind Up
So, with these Joomla blog extensions; one can very easily create blogs in Joomla website and also carry on discussion on the same. Hope, these extensions will help you to make most use of the most useful thing called Blog.
Wish to get more such tips about Joomla web Development then get connected with an esteemed Joomla development Company, Softqube Technologies.Enjoy Life Holiday Allergy Friendly Chocolate Squares Variety Pack
Product Details
Share delicious allergy-friendly chocolate this season with a pack of 18 individually wrapped mini bars. These school-safe treats are certified gluten free and free of 14 allergens including dairy, nuts, soy, and more. Celebrate freely with crave-worthy chocolates made from all-natural ingredients.
- Made with all natural ingredients
- Gluten-free certified
- Non-GMO Project verified
- Kosher
- Allery friendly (free of wheat,peanuts, tree nuts, dairy, casein, soy, egg, sesame, sulfites, lupin, mustard, fish, shellfish, and crustaceans)
Variety Pack Includes:
- Dark Chocolate Minis
- Ricemilk Crunch Chocolate Flavored Confectionary Minis
- Ricemilk Chocolate Flavored Confectionary Minis
**Heat-sensitive item: If items are being shipped to your home, we strongly recommend using Overnight Shipping to your daytime location to ensure quality. Shipping to certain locations during hot weather is not recommended.**
Nutrition Information
Ingredients
Ricemilk Crunch Chocolate Mini Ingredients: Cane Sugar, Cocoa Butter, Unsweetened Chocolate, Rice Crisps (Rice Flour, Rice Bran, Raisin Juice Concentrate, Honey, Salt), Dried Rice Syrup, Salt
Allergen Info
Free from Cocoa and its Derivatives.
Disclaimer
Actual product packaging and materials may contain additional and/or different ingredient, nutritional, or proper usage information than the information displayed on our website. You are responsible ... Russian Freediver Natalia Molchanova, has reclaimed her Constant Weight No Fins (CNF) World Record with a dive to 66 meters on 8th May 2012 in Dahab, Egypt.
Natalia had previously held the record at 62 meters which was surpassed earlier this week by Ashley Chapman with dives to 63 meters followed by 65 meters at the Deja Blue III Competition in the Cayman Islands.- Hot on the heels of her appearance in Congress, Frances Haugen is now set to give evidence to lawmakers in British Parliament. EU lawmakers have also invited her to a hearing.
- Haugen, a former Facebook product manager, told a Senate panel last week that leadership at the company prioritizes "profits before people," and called on lawmakers to intervene.
- It comes at a key moment for Big Tech companies. Both the U.K. government and the EU are introducing new regulatory regimes for digital giants..
Collins made a name for himself in 2018, when he took Facebook to task over the Cambridge Analytica data-harvesting scandal in a series of parliamentary hearings.
The U.K. government is now, though it's not yet clear if she's accepted their request.
.This is a puzzle that is built using combinatoric math.
If you’re unfamiliar with combinator theory, you can read more about it in Wikipedia.
It’s the same basic idea as the famous “combinatorial” puzzle, but instead of making random numbers out of 1s and 0s, the puzzle uses a set of combinator functions to represent the numbers 0, 1, …, N. (The combinator numbers are represented as 1 and 0.)
This puzzle is built on the idea that there are certain combinatoral math functions that are very good at representing numbers, such as 0,1, … and N. That means, if we want to be able to represent those numbers in our programs, we need some way of representing them.
One way is to make them represent their numerical values.
So, for example, in the original puzzle, 0 is represented by 0, and 1 by 1, 2 by 2, ….
There are also combinatorary numbers like 0,0,0 and 0, 0, … 0, N, 0.
If we use combinatorism, then the number 0 is 0, so we can represent 0 as 0 and 0 as 1.
We can also represent 0 and 1 as 0.
This is also true of the combinator of 1, which is 0 and N, so 1 is 0.
So we can also have 0 and n, and we can have n and 0.
Now, there are also numbers that can be represented by these combinatorials, such that 0 is the sum of the two combinator powers, and so on.
The only problem with this is that it takes a lot of time to do all of these transformations, and you might get a bit of a slow program.
If you want to use combinatory math to solve a problem, it’s usually a good idea to start with a simple problem.
For example, here’s a simple combinator problem that has one solution that involves choosing a number between 0 and 10: You can solve this puzzle using the combinatory logic of combinators.
The problem can be solved using only a few combinator variables: 0, the number that represents 0, there is a combinator that represents 1, and then there are combinator operators that represent the combinators 0,n,0.
So there are three combinator combinations for each variable, and the result is the answer to the problem.
If this puzzle is solved with just the combinational logic of the variable 0, you get a total of 10.
The combinatory logics that we’ll use to solve this problem are just a series of combinational operations.
In fact, you may also want to think of combinatory operations as functions that take a combinatory number, a combinational number of combination operators, and a combative number of solutions.
So if you’ve seen the puzzle above, you might have already used combinatory arithmetic to solve it, and now that you’ve solved the problem, you want the combative logic to work on the numbers that represent those combinatorically chosen numbers.
You can solve the puzzle using combinatory functions using the same combinator logic.
For instance, if you choose a number from 0 to 10, then you get the answer 10.
So you can use the combinant logic to represent 10.
But you also have the combinitive logic that is a function that takes a combinative number, the combination number of the answer, and two combinatives: 0 and (n-1).
So if we have a combinant function that gives a combinal number of 2, then we get the combindiable function 2.
Now the combinar function that you get when you take a number 0 and divide it by two is 2.
You know, if I’m a combinarist, this is the combinal function that’s going to be used when you solve a combination problem.
So to solve the combinary problem, I’m going to choose a combinian number between 10 and 100.
I’ll divide the number between 1 and 2, and I’ll do this until I get the right answer.
I’m not going to try to use the full combinativity.
The function that I want to choose for the combinian factor is 10.
That’s the combinic number that I’ll use.
The next thing I want is the function that is going to solve my combinator.
The same way that the combandic logic for the variable is the result of combinations on a number, this one is a consequence of combins on the combi-naturals.
So when you have the same number of numbers, you have a same combinativeness, and when you multiply two numbers, it takes the combins of the first and second, so that is why the combanter is theWe know, we know—Monday's the last thing you want to think about on Sunday night. But American Ballet Theatre's Skylar Brandt is giving us some serious inspiration this evening, and getting us amped for the week ahead. Brandt recently spoke with The Warm Up, which is the official blog of ClassPass, about everything from her dance inspirations to the many misconceptions surrounding ballerinas and ballet. We love when ballet dancers lift the curtain back into their worlds—it's fascinating to know what makes them tick as artists, and the journeys they've experienced to get where they are. Check out our highlights from the interview below, and make sure to catch the full interview here.
CP: What do you think is a common misconception about ballet dancers?
SB: A common misconception about ballet dancers is that we don't eat. This is entirely untrue! Just as Olympic athletes eat enormous amounts of food in order to fuel their performances, ballet dancers do the same! We work 12 hours a day on average during performance seasons, so we are always needing to replenish and refuel our bodies.
CP: What has been your favorite performance? Why?
SB: One of my favorite performances was dancing my first Principal role at ABT. I was 20 years old, dancing opposite an incredibly seasoned principal dancer I had grown up admiring. Sharing the stage with her in this prominent part was monumental for my career and gave me a taste of what it is like to lead a show.
CP: Other than dancing, what are some of your favorite ways to stay active?
SB: I take Pilates as a way to cross train and further strengthen my body. Another pleasure of mine is taking hip-hop classes! My sisters grew up doing hip-hop and I've always enjoyed both watching and taking class with them. One of my sisters actually became a Knicks City Dancer and I think it's so cool and fun to take open class with a real professional, with whom I am so close. My dad has also taken up hip-hop recently, so I enjoy crashing his classes, too.Friday, November 4, 2011
Invaders from Mars
Invaders from Mars/Invaders from Mars
1953/1986
William Cameron Menzies /Tobe Hooper
Due to a strange obsession with the War of the Worlds and the famous Orson Wells broadcast in particular, my Halloweens have always been a bit Martian-centric. This year was no different. My love of Martian invasions extends to both versions of Invaders from Mars, the 1986 version even a little more than most since it’s really the film I saw first before 1953’s War of the Worlds and Invaders from Mars. It was also shortly before the War of the Worlds TV series that I was extremely addicted to as a young Martian-in-training.
Plot-wise both films are nearly identical. David McLean/David Gardner (Jimmy Hunt and Hunter Carson respectively) wake up to discover a large UFO landing just over the hill. Slowly everyone who visits that spot comes back acting strangely, including parents, cops, and even soldiers. Before long, David is on the run, trying desperately to avoid getting captured while looking to find anyone who will believe him. The Martians have landed and they are slowly and surely taking over the town. Their target is a rocket that will soon make its way to Mars.
The 1953 version comes across as very stark and strange. From the opening moment there is a dream-like haze over everything. The world feels like a typical 1950’s small town turned nightmare. David’s dad is a sweaty automaton who coldly smacks his son to the ground. The descent into the Martians' underground becomes a thing of pure madness complete with a cackling Martian leader. The Martians aren’t really that far removed from humans in appearance, which definitely brings a creepy edge to everything they do.
The 1986 version fits in well with the kids adventure films of that era like, Goonies (1985), Explorers (1985), or The Gate (1987). The world feels much homier, and at the same time the invasion is a lot less sinister and a little more darkly humorous. David’s mom makes a pile of burned bacon for breakfast, David’s teacher chows down on a live frog. The Martians are not only here for our rocket, but also our copper and they aren’t above stealing a child’s penny collection to do it. The Martians are bigger, more cartoonish and much less human which takes away some of their eeriness but gives the movie a fun “monster film” vibe.
Both films play everything out from David’s point of view. Adults are for the most part, scary and untrustworthy. The Army is idolized and everyone involved is a stand-up guy with a lot of cool guns and bazookas. Everyone defers to the Davids to make decisions and the 1986 version even has him play a crucial part in the escape from the rapidly fleeing Martians.
Much has been made about the final moments of the original and the 1986 version by proxy since it’s pretty much the same. In this case the strange dream-like nature of the original makes the final scene fit in well with what has gone before, as opposed to the more naturalistic take in the remake. The final moment of the ’86 version is taken to an even further extreme as David watches in horror at what’s become of his parents. It’s the kind of touch that feels a little out of place in the film, but right at home in Tobe Hooper’s other work, it even feels just a little bit like the closing moment from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 (1986).
Check them out. Quite a bit has been written about the 1953 version and I think the 1986 gets overlooked more than is deserved. They both make a fine addition to any Martian invasion movie night.
Posted by Glitter Godzilla at 12:54 PM
The European Commission is claiming another victory after the first summer without mobile roaming fees inside the EU resulted in a surge of call and data use by travellers, according to a new Eurobarometer survey.
Since.
Gabriel said that around 30 companies have asked for those exemptions since June. She said the low figure shows that the roaming rules are working.
“When you compare it with a thousand small operators, or not so small ones, it’s not a percentage that can impact negatively the process and our decision. We stand very firm, the benefits are for citizens,” she told reporters.
The Commission will publish another report on the progress of the roaming regulation by the end of 2018, Gabriel said. In 2019, the EU executive will formally review the effects the law has had for consumers and telecoms companies.
The tense negotiations over the roaming law had dragged on for ten years as telecoms firms argued that a legal ban on surcharges within the EU would slash their revenues.
Miapetra Kumpula-Natri, the Finnish centre-left MEP who led the European Parliament’s negotiations on the roaming law, argued that the rules should help telecoms firms because consumers will pay more if they use more data.
“We want the data economy to boost and that’s why we want people to have the possibility to travel in another country and not switch off,” Kumpula-Natri told the joint news conference with Gabriel.
Three months after the EU law got rid of roaming charges, 71% of Europeans are now aware that they can use their phones when they travel and not pay extra fees.
The data on how citizens use their phones abroad was collected over the summer, when people are more likely to travel and take holidays.
After the rules went into effect in June, 24% of travellers in the EU telephoned as often as they do at home, compared to 11% before 15 June. Thirty percent of people sent text messages as frequently as they normally do, compared to 20% before the law was applied.
Only 54% of the people who were surveyed said they had actually travelled to other EU countries within the last 12 months.
Residents of Luxembourg, Slovenia and Austria are the most likely to travel to other EU countries. Only 12% of people in Greece had travelled abroad in the previous 12 months. A similarly low percentage of people in Romania, Portugal, Spain and Bulgaria travel to other countries.
As a result, people in southern European countries think they will not benefit as much from the ban on roaming charges as people in northern member states do.
Thirty-eight percent of Greeks think they will personally benefit from the rules, compared to 63% of people in Luxembourg and 58% of Belgians.Bylaws
- Article I: Articles of Agreement
- Article II: Purpose
- Article III: Membership
- Article IV: Board of Directors
- Article V: Officers
- Article VI: Meetings
- Article VII: Quorum
- Article VIII: Parliamentary Authority
Article I: Articles of Agreement
The name of the corporation, the purposes for which it is established, and the location of its principal office in Massachusetts shall be as set forth in the Articles of Organization, and these Bylaws, as from time to time amended. The powers of the corporation and of its Members and Board of Directors, and all matters concerning the conduct and regulation of the business of the corporation shall be subject to such provisions in regards thereto, if any, as set forth in such Articles of Organization and these Bylaws.
Article II: Purpose
The Association of Catholic Admissions and Advancement Professionals of New England, "ACAAP of New England”, is a voluntary association of individuals concerned with the admissions and advancement programs of their Catholic educational institutions. It is voluntary in two senses: first, in membership; and second, in the fact that all activities of the organization are carried out through the contributed services of the Board and the other committees of ACAAP of New England.
Article III: Membership
Article IV: Board of Directors
The governance of ACAAP of New England shall be the Board of Directors, hereinafter referred to as the “Board”.
Section 1. Character of the Board: The Board shall consist of a minimum of 15 and a maximum of 30 members not including Ex-Officio members, striving for representation from each of the Dioceses in New England.
Section 2. Term of Office: Each member shall serve a three-year term with two consecutive renewals, ordinarily beginning July 1. The terms of approximately one-third of the Board shall expire each year.
a. After serving three consecutive terms, followed by at least one year as a non-Board member, a person may be re-nominated.
Section 3. Nominations: Nominations to the Board shall be made by the Nominating Committee of the Board, and new members shall be elected by a majority of those present and voting at any regularly scheduled meeting of the Board.
Section 4. Vacated Positions: In the event that a Board member resigns in mid-term a person shall be chosen in the manner indicated in Section 3 above, except the election shall be at the next scheduled Board meeting. This new member shall complete the term of the person who resigned.
Section 5. Board members must attend at least 2 meetings of the Board each year. Attendance can be through electronic medium. Unexcused absence from two consecutive Board meetings shall be considered a voluntary resignation from the Board. An absence is considered excused when the President or Secretary have been notified in advance that the member is unable to attend.
Section 6. Powers and Duties of the Board:
a. To elect the Officers/Executive Board.
b. To seek, accept, and expend State, Federal, and other funds needed to operate the ACAAP of New England. Contracts shall be signed by the President, or in his /her absence, by the Vice President, as well as by one other member of the Board. Two signatures are therefore required. The Board shall develop and approve the program's budget and shall ensure that proper auditing of these funds occurs.
c. To establish policy for ACAAP of New England, formulate and implement the development of new materials and programs.
d. To monitor the progress of the following standing committees: Finance & Budget, External Relations, Nominating, Conferences, Awards, Strategic Planning, and By-Laws.
Article V: Officers
Section 1. Composition and Election: The officers of the Board shall consist of a President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary and other Officers as the Board may determine and elect from time to time. This shall be referred to as the Executive Board. All Officers shall be elected by the Board at its Annual Meeting. Officers will serve a three year term, and can be re-elected for one additional term.
a. The President, upon completion of his/her term, becomes a lifetime Ex-officio non-voting member of the Board.
b. An Officer, upon completion of term, resumes his/her place on the Board.
Section 2. President: The President shall, by virtue of his or her office, be the Chief Executive Officer of the Board and shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the Executive Board and Board of Directors. The President shall serve as the spokesperson for the Board and for ACAAP of New England.
Section 3. Vice President: The Vice President shall assist the President whenever possible and act as substitute when the President is unavailable.
Section 4. Treasurer:
a. The Treasurer shall serve as the Clerk of ACAAP of New England. As such he/she must be a resident of the State of Massachusetts or appoint a resident agent.
b. As Treasurer, he/she shall be the principal fiscal officer of the ACAAP of New England. He/she shall have the care and custody of all funds, monies, and securities belonging to ACAAP of New England, and shall be solely responsible for such funds, monies, or securities. He/she shall have and exercise, under the supervision of the Board, all of the powers and duties commonly incident to the office.
c. He/she shall keep or cause to be kept accurate books of accounts of all Board transactions, which books shall be the property of the Board. He/she shall render a written account of the finances of ACAAP of New England and such report is to be physically affixed to the minutes at the Annual Meeting.
d. For the safety and security of both the Treasurer and the organization, all books and records shall be reviewed, at least annually, by the Finance/Budget Committee.
Section 5. Secretary:
a. The Secretary shall keep accurate minutes and records of ACAAP of New England in books provided for that purpose of all proceedings at the meetings of the Board.
b. Copies of all minutes shall be distributed to the members of the Board prior to the following meeting.
c. It shall be the duty of the Secretary to file any certificates required by any Statute, or Federal and State law.
d. He/she or she shall give and serve all notices required by Statute, the Articles of Organization of these Bylaws to the Board.
e. He/she shall be the official custodian of the records of ACAAP of New England.
f. He/she shall keep two archive books: the first will contain the past minutes, the second will contain all past Conference brochures.
Article VI: Meetings
The Board shall meet quarterly on a regularly designated day. The Board may be called to additional meetings at the discretion of the President, or on the written request to the President, or on the written request the by any five members of the Board.
Section 1. Annual Meeting: The Annual Meeting of the Board shall be held in the spring of each year and will be one of the quarterly meetings. The purpose of the Annual Meeting shall be to elect the Board members, receive the annual Financial Report, and to transact such other business as may come before the Annual Meeting.
Article VII: Quorum
Article VIII: Parliamentary Authority
Roberts Rules of Order constitute the ruling authority in all cases in which they are consistent with these Bylaws.WASHINGTON (Fox News):.”
Powell, the first African-American,, according to the State Department.
Powell, during his time at the State Department, also pushed the Bush administration to increase its commitment to the international fight against AIDS, and helped to secure additional funding.
Powell was born in 1937 in Harlem, N.Y.. Army. He served for 35 years—with two tours in Vietnam, and then later acting as deputy national security adviser for former President Ronald Reagan.
Then, President George H. W. Bush appointed him to serve as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. During his time in that post, Powell oversaw 28 crises, according to the State Department,, George W. Bush released a statement on Powell’s passing. “Laura and I are deeply saddened by the death of Colin Powell,” he said. .
In 2020, Powell spoke at the Democratic National Convention, and offered a full endorsement of Joe Biden for president of the United States.
“Today,.”popularity helper
One of the first music disks I've had. Bring back memories...
rulez added on the 2007-07-17 23:34:44 by wayne
Really great tunes here!
rulez added on the 2012-01-05 22:37:05 by StingRay
Quite nice interface, mixed bag of music, the melodic ones are nice but I don't like the techno ones, classic overuse of Enigma - Sadness samples, as is typical in that time :)
rulez added on the 2016-03-12 17:43:05 by keito
nice
rulez added on the 2019-08-05 12:51:51 by guardian ٩๏̯͡๏۶
submit changes
if this prod is a fake, some info is false or the download link is broken,
do not post about it in the comments, it will get lost.
instead, click here !These).
The Case of Wagner / Twilight of the Idols / The Antichrist / Ecce Homo / Dionysus Dithyrambs / Nietzsche Contra Wagner
Crescent Moon over the Rational
Jazz As Critique
Artful Design
Dreaming of Michelangelo
Concerning the Spiritual—and the Concrete—in Kandinsky’s Art
Artificial Presence
Phenomenology of the Visual Arts (even the frame)
The Off-Screen
Exemplarity and Mediocrity
Poetic Force
How Pictures Complete UsThere just never seems to be enough time in the day. But in Stop the Meetings Juggling Act with Recorded Web Conferencing, PGi author Blakely Thomas-Aguilar helps businesspeople everywhere fit more into every day by clicking the record button during online meetings.
DVR isn’t just for TV anymore. Next time your meeting runs late, you have a family emergency or just miss the Outlook calendar reminder, simply replay the web conference your missed — right from your computer. You can hear and even see presentations with GlobalMeet web conference’s innovative record functionality. For hosts, online trainers and public relations teams, this functionality opens a single meeting to a wider audience, who may not have attended but still want to learn on the replay.
To learn how you can hit that little red button in your next meeting, read Stop the Meetings Juggling Act with Recorded Web Conferencing.
Did you like this article? For more like it, visit the PGi Blog, where Meetings Experts share news, advice and thoughts about technology trends, web conferencing and online meeting management.Peter Gava
Peter Gava is a Zimbabwean politician and a presidential aspirant. Gava participated in the 2018 harmonized election as a presidential candidate for his United Democratic Front Party. Peter Gava is also a professional hunter, guide, and horticulturalist.
Background
Mr. Gava is based in Lusulu in Binga where he runs a horticulture project.[1]
Pledge to the nation
Gava pledged to compensate all victims of political violence. Gava said that:
As UDF, we want to ensure that we compensate all victims of political violence from 1980, we have those that suffered permanent disability, some were killed and some have wounds that are a testimony to their participation so we want to compensate such people,
Mr. Gava said compensation of everyone who lost something in political violence will bring peace, healing, and development to the country. He said events of the past had a bearing on the future of the country thus the need to compensate those who paid the price for Zimbabwe to be where it is today.[2]
References
- ↑ Professional hunter in Presidential race, Zimbabwe Situation, published: 18 Jun 2018, retrieved: 27 Jul 2018
- ↑ Professional hunter in Presidential race, Zimbabwe Situation, published: 18 Jun 2018, retrieved: 27 Jul 2018SYNERGY SCIENCE PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED: JANUARY 17, 2020
Synergy Science (collectively referred to herein as “we”,“us”,“our”, or “Synergy Science”), respects you and your privacy and the importance of the information you entrust to us. With this in mind, we provide you this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to help you understand the kinds of information we may gather about you when you use the Synergy Science.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect the information you provide directly to us when using the Services. For purposes of providing the Services to you, we collect certain information that can identify you (“Personal Information”), such as your name and contact information (email, address, company affiliation, and phone number), as well as financial information such as credit card details.. Synergy Science discloses Personal Information only to those of its employees, contractors, affiliated organizations and subcontractors that
(i) need to know the information in order to process it on our behalf, and
(ii) that have agreed in writing to non-disclosure restrictions at least as strong as those herein.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU USE THE SITE
When you access or use the Site, we automatically collect information about you, including some or all of the following:
- Log Information: We log information about your use of the Site, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to the Site. Publicly available tools can sometimes provide the approximate location for IP addresses.
- Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access the Site, Site and your experience, see which areas and features of the Site are popular, and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in the Site or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
We also may collect other types of information in the following ways when you visit the Site:
- Details of how you used and interacted with the Site, Site and understand trends.
- Information We Collect From Other Sources.
USE OF INFORMATION
We may use information about you for various purposes, including the following:
- Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Services;
- Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions, and send you related information;
- Verify your identity and, if applicable, authorization for you to use the Site and Services;
- Process payment for Services you order;
- Manage your account;
- To prevent or address service, security, technical issues or at your request in connection with customer support matters;
- Respond to your comments, questions, and requests;
- Send you technical notices and other administrative messages;
- Communicate with you about products and services, offered by us or others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
- Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site;
- Conduct research, analysis, and surveys;
- Personalize and improve the Site and provide content or features that match user profiles or interests;
- Enforce our Terms and Conditions;
- Link or combine with information we get from others in connection with the Site; and
- Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
This policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with data that is aggregated and/or deidentified so it is no longer associated with an identifiable user of the Site or Services. For example, we may use user data to generate, among other things, statistics about users, their profession or industry, or the demographic distribution of users.
ANALYTICS SERVICES
We may allow others to provide analytics services in connection with the Services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Site, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. We and others may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, personalize the user experience, and better understand your activity.
RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Information for the period of time that is necessary to fulfill:
- The Site or Services.
SECURITY
We work hard to protect your information and take appropriate commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard information and data from loss, unauthorized access, alteration, misuse or disclosure. Our security practices include:
- encrypting many of our services using SSL;
- frequent review of information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
- We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using ‘https’ technology.
- Access to your Personal Information is password-protected, and sensitive data such as payment card information) is secured and tokenized to ensure it is protected.
- We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.
- Physical safeguards, with locked doors and file cabinets, controlled access to our facilities and secure destruction of media containing your Personal Information
- Technology safeguards, like the use of antivirus and endpoint protection software, and monitoring of our systems and data centers to ensure that they comply with our security policies
- Organizational safeguards, like training and awareness programs on security and privacy, to make sure employees understand the importance and means by which they must protect your Personal Information
Synergy Science.
OTHER WEBSITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect at and through our Site or Services. The Site.
Synergy review this Policy regularly.@synergyscience.com.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18
The Site info@synergyscience.com.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION; INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
The Site and Services are provided for access and use by persons located in the United States. If you use the Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction, including the specific laws of your jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or reexport.
PROTECTING YOUR DATA OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
We may transfer Personal Information that we collect from you to third-party data processors in countries that are outside the United States. For example, this might be required in order to fulfill info@synergyscience info@synergyscience.
OTHER PRIVACY POLICY DOCUMENTATION
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Policy or our information practices, please contact us by email at info@synergyscience.comThis afternoon Puerto Rican governor Luis Fortuño formally requested a recount of the election he conceded two weeks ago to governor-elect Alejandro García Padilla.
Puerto Rican Governor Luis Fortuño
According to a breaking news report by Puerto Rico's El Nuevo Día, the electoral head of island's pro-statehood New Progressive Party (PNP), Edwin Mundo, said that the initial preliminary certification by the island's official election commission (CEE) was not accurate and that the margin of García Padilla's victory will now be smaller, enough to ask for a recount.
With 100% of all precincts reporting, the CEE's main site shows the following tally.
Fortuño trails by García Padilla, the pro-commonwealth candidate, by 12,971 votes. The current tally falls outside the .5% margin that would trigger an automatic recount (the current margin is 69%). The voter spread is much more than the 100 vote spread that would also force a recount. The official letter from Mundo, according to END's piece, requests that once the .5% is reached, a manual recount should be made. However, according the END, the head of the CEE admitted that there are now about 20,000 votes that still need to be counted, and that the .5% could now be reached.
/grabs calculator/
I think it’s impossible to do the precise math on this because of the 5% that go to the third party. But assuming that 5% of remaining votes go to third part, hat means there would roughly be 19,000 votes that would be left. Of those votes, Fortuno would have to carry roughly 11,500 votes (57.5% of the 20,000) to trigger the recount. So unless there is some reason that uncounted ballots have a condition that heavily bias Fortuno, then I don’t see the recount being triggered.
I really liked your article , your article is very petrified me in the learning process and provide additional knowledge to me , maybe I can learn more from you , I will wait for your next article article , thanksSHERIDAN OFFICE STAFF:
Trudy Lawrence -trudyl@burnsia.com
Crystal Taylor -crystalt@burnsia.com
Kayla Krier - kaylak@burnsia.com
Brett Anderson - bretta@burnsia.com
Trudy Lawrence joined Burns Insurance in April of 2007. She was born in New Orleans, LA and relocated to Sheridan, WY in 1995. She enjoys building relationships with her clients while helping them obtain great coverage at the best rates! She strives to go above and beyond for her insureds providing them with great customer service. Trudy and Crystal are passionate about helping their community members obtain the protection they need for their auto, home, recreational vehicles, business, farm, and life.
Situated in North Central Wyoming at the foothills of the Big Horn Mountains, Sheridan is the ideal location to establish a day or a lifetime of memories. From museums, historical battlegrounds and art galleries, to rodeos and polo, Sheridan has a spot for you. Sheridan County has a population of 26,560 with the majority of the population, 15,804, living in Historic Sheridan, Wyoming.
The area's abundant wildlife creates a perfect backdrop for hiking, camping, fishing, mountain biking, skiing and snowmobiling. Prefer a scenic view? Try hang gliding from Sand Turn on Highway 14, your gateway to Yellowstone and Teton National Parks. If you would rather enjoy the tranquility, take a cool dip in the city pool while watching the live elk and buffalo in Sheridan's Kendrick Park situated below the beautiful Kendrick Mansion or walk along one of the community pathways along Goose Creek within the city of Sheridan. Golf anyone? Sheridan is also the golf capital of Wyoming, boasting four courses within a 35 mile radius.
400 Coffeen Avenue
Sheridan, WY 82801
307.675.1015 - P
307.675.1016 - F
Hours of Operation:
Monday - Friday 8am - 5pm
Also by Appointment
+1.3076345757
Mon-Fri 8am-5pm MSTAshley Thomas
You Scream..I Scream
You scream...I scream.. We all scream for ice cream? We got the screaming part down; unfortunately, we missed out on the ice cream.
When things get heated at Hope Street there is always the threat of someone’s face being “bashed in.” I’m not always sure exactly what that means, but I am sure I don’t want to witness it. What I imagine is a distortion of sorts - the undoing of what is to the point of non-recognition. What I am wondering is if our screaming does the same thing?
Do our voices being heard deter us from looking into the eyes of the human being across from us? Do faces matter?
I’ve spent a lot of time thinking and reading about what it means to be known. There is the surface level, or the safe version, of ourselves that most people know or can figure out from our Facebook or Instagram page. There’s the friendship level, where if someone catches you on a bad day you will share why. Then the deep level - this is where only your bestie, spouse or close loved one may be allowed to enter into. It’s the place where your dreams and aspirations dwell, but also your regrets and failures. It’s the deep level where the reality of our wretchedness and belovedness clash, and we want to know the answer to - if you really knew me..would you still love me?
Known. Accepted and cherished. Broken but truly treasured.
While most of that description has to do with internal acceptance, the part I see that is broken on 26th and Capitol is the external. All too often the outside has been distorted by drugs, abuse, poor choices and disease. The outside attempts to say it all about someone’s inside.
It’s why the bashing in of the face is one more blow to our ability of being known. It erases another opportunity for us to be seen, cherished and accepted.
As I sat in my office Monday I honestly wavered between joining in on the screaming, or crying. I saw chests puff up, hands flying and heard obscenities ringing in my ear. It would have been easy to enter into the mess until I looked down at the beautiful brown eyed two year old watching all of the commotion.
Her face screaming: See me! I am right here, please see me. I looked into her eyes and realized those are the same eyes with a few more years added to them in the women screaming. Both “children” (someone’s child) who desperately long to be loved. If only they could recall the truth that they are the beloved.
I saw Nyla’s face, than her mama Jamie, and then Amanda and remembered until we have faces - the mess around us will keep us from learning how to walk with one another through the mess inside of us.
We can scream.
We can bash faces in.
Or...
We can pray for the day we intentionally acknowledge and cherish the faces in our lives.
Bubba Blue Breathe Easy Round Cot Waterproof Quilted Mattress Protector80096305 9338680096305
The Customer Direct range is not available in store.
Please select a product option to continue.
Usually ships in 3 - 5 business days
Cost:
Keep your little one's mattress protected from dustmites and other common allergens with the Bubba Blue Breathe Easy Round Cot Waterproof Quilted Mattress Protector.
Key Features
- Waterproof underlay helps prevent leakages
- Features a diamond-shaped padding on top to provide extra comfort
- Gives protection against mould, dust mites, and bacteria allergens
- Measures 69 x 118Weekend Receptionist
Company: OMNI MANOR INC
Location: Warren
Posted on: November 12, 2021
Job Description:
Job Details
Job Location
Amstrong Memory Care Assisted Living - Warren, OH
Position Type
Part Time
Education Level
High School
Job Shift
Weekends
Description
Armstrong Memory Care Assisted Living is accepting applications for a part-time weekend Receptionist. This position is primarily responsible for greeting visitors, answering multi-line phones, processing payroll and new hire information, maintaining personnel files, ordering supplies, sorting mail and other various clerical duties.
Windsor House offers a competitive benefit package:
Qualifications
Job Details
- $1.00 an Hour Attendance Bonus on every hour worked paid quarterly!
- Performance Based Annual Bonus Plan.
- Tuition Reimbursement for LPN or RN programs available.
- 401K
- One-year clerical experience in an office with personnel and multi-line phone systems.
- Be computer proficient in Microsoft Office & Internet use.
- Excellent organizational skills and ability to multi-task necessary.
- High school diploma or equivalent required.
Keywords: OMNI MANOR INC, Warren , Weekend Receptionist, Administration, Clerical , Warren, OhioHouse In Destin, United States
US $1,750,000
Property featuresEmail AgentEmail Agent
- 5 bedrooms
Property descriptionAn amazing renovated home
DEEP WATER!!! $100,000 Price Reduction! Seller is motivated!!! An amazing renovated home perfectly positioned on the deep-water inlet of Indian Bayou. This home's transformation is incredible! Along with a new dock and boatlift this property also has been completely repainted inside and out while tastefully changing the large exterior landscaping including a new paver driveway. This lot and home are the essence of Destin boating life and will make a remarkable home. The main floors are durable Luxury Vinyl Plank, while the custom kitchen is designed for the Chef at heart. Do not miss this opportunity to own a truly rare home. Call today for your private showing!
4045 Indian Bayou N, Destin, Florida, United States
Fill out the form below to contact the agent for any further information you may needWatch WWE Raw 11/5/2018 Full Show Online Free
- Advertisement -
Watch WWE Raw 11/5/2018 5th November 2018 (5/11/2018) Full Show Online Free
Watch WWE Raw 11/5/18 Manchester, England Live stream and Full Show
Watch Online (Livestream Links) *720p* HD/DivX Quality
WWE Raw live stream is over.
————–
*Watch Dailymotion HD Replay*
Watch Online (Dailymotion Videos) *720p* HD/DivX Quality
Watch Online (PrimeGo Videos) *720p* HD/DivX Quality
Due to system upgrades this week, we can not post more hosts. Please help understand.Today's Daily Devotional for Women - Work Hard And Rejoice
Bible Verse of the Day
Romans 12:11-12 - Never be lazy, but work hard and serve the Lord enthusiastically. Rejoice in our confident hope. Be patient in trouble, and keep on praying.
Today’s Daily Devotional for Women
You will never reach your dreams if you don’t fight through the trouble. You will never reach success if you let laziness take over your fight to work.
Trouble will come your way. No one is just going to hand your success to you. But understand that if you work hard through the trouble, if you keep on praying and stay confident in God’s promise, you will get to the finish line.
Failure isn’t real. Failure is just a temporary setback. Failure is simply a door that didn’t open. It’s time for you to get up and try the next door. It’s time for you to stand up and put in 100%.
You can absolutely fight through this set back and make it to the next level. Every single day make up your mind that you will fight for what God has intended for you. The enemy isn’t allowed to take your blessing. Your haters aren’t allowed to take your blessing. Your fears aren’t allowed to take your blessing.
Work hard, give it all you’ve got and reach for the life God intended for you. Your passion is yours, and you deserve to have the victory.To quote Sir Winston Churchill “Never let a good crisis go to waste.”
Join tribunal members and staff from across Canada in a free webinar to learn best practices for virtual hearings. The requirements of social distancing have accelerated the use of technology as an alternative to holding in person hearings. What are the important points to maintain decorum in the hearing? As an advocate or a board member are there any changes to your ethical obligations? Learn practical tips for setting up and conducting a hearing using video conferencing. The virtual hearing will likely develop into one of the procedural alternatives at the disposal of an administrative decision maker. Having the flexibility and confidence to hold virtual hearings will give tribunals another way to offer cost effective and timely resolution of disputes. Participants will receive resource materials.
Presented by Adrian Wright and Carol Zukiwski
Attendance to this Webinar may count for 1 CPD Credit. Registration Deadline: February 17th, 2021.Content
Moreover, this cosmopolitan, home species was generally thought-about of little evolutionary interest because of its secure, man-linked ecological area of interest. All the populations present the presence of the three cosmopolitan inversions, frequencies of which vary among the many populations analysed. In a cosmopolitan society appropriate objects of empathy are available advert lib. The mannequin of cosmopolitan sovereignty is set out in some depth.
In 1946 and 1947, the new campaign against cosmopolitanism affected Soviet scientists, such because the physicist Pyotr Kapitsa and the president of the Academy of Sciences of the Byelorussian SSR, Anton Romanovich Zhebrak. They together with different scientists were denounced for contacts with their Western colleagues and help for “bourgeois science”. During a gathering with Soviet intelligentsia in 1946, Stalin voiced his issues about recent developments in Soviet culture, which later would materialize in the “battle towards cosmopolitanism” . , Bor’ba s kosmopolitizmom) was a thinly disguised antisemitic marketing campaign in the Soviet Union which began in late 1948. Jews have been characterised as rootless cosmopolitans and were targeted for persecution. I by no means realized the late Lincoln Blackwood had a predecessor!
Your undertone will stay the identical regardless of how much sun you get, even if you’re pale in the winter and tan in the summertime. There are three totally different undertones – cool, heat, and neutral. Demographic info is required to put an order and proof of identification could also be requested on the time of collection. Orders are reviewed and accredited by a physician licensed in the buyer’s state of residence before being processed. Results have been reviewed by this physician earlier than they are supplied to the client.
It will take you thru a series of questions to make sure you do not currently have symptoms of COVID (lateral circulate tests are designed for people who do not have symptoms, remember), and to search out out where in the UK you live. Once you have input your personal details, your exams will then be despatched out and you’ll obtain them by way of your letterbox inside a couple of days.
Most of his subsequent work focused on different purpose.
Creating a solution assumption would had also benefited, creating the product and having folks check it out. Omega three and Omega 6 are compounds that play an important function in cardiovascular health. Due to genetic variations, individuals course of Omega compounds in a different way. Accurate measurements permit for monitoring and helps guide preventative well being regimen.
Lateral flow tests are believed to be particularly sensitive to ‘viral load’ which is principally how much of the virus you carry if you catch it. If you would prefer to go to a lateral circulate testing web site, as opposed to doing the check yourself at home, then follow the same steps as above, visiting this webpage.
Vitamin D is a crucial vitamin that plays a role in your bone health, immune system and other bodily processes. This take a look at measures the level of Vitamin D to help information a preventative well being routine on supplementation.
It’s going to break codebases that do things like define their own clashing symbols the place they assume issues aren’t being defined based on the subset of stdinc headers they’re utilizing. But I’m sort of hoping these sorts of codebases are uncommon, and we can delay the need to write a perfectly conforming set of headers for so long as attainable. Buy Alena Dillon’s e-book of humor essays, “I Thought We All Agreed to Pee in the Ocean” on Amazon!
It was one of his final acts expounding a stance on philosophical questions. In 1800, a pupil of Kant named Gottlob Benjamin Jäsche (1762–1842) revealed asiandate com review a manual of logic for academics called Logik, which he had ready at Kant’s request.
As a one-time factor, I’ve posted the Lua binary on my net server. While I intend to continue maining the Lua vendored source tree, I have no intent at the moment to distribute different people’s software, so as soon as again this hyperlink is merely provided for comfort. breakpoint trap was with context to the time_t tests in files.lua , however lua.com does not trigger any error. crt.o from the zip file and rest of cosmopolitan compiled from the newest commit. I have not performed round with cosmopolitan/APE so this could possibly be fully off base. Strikes me that low-hanging fruit could be to ‘namespace’ all the macros and internal functions in cosmopolitan, so that you’d have cosmo_panic as a substitute of simply panic. I forked the Lua Github mirror and created a cosmopolitan branch from Lua 5.four.2.Cheeky Trainers Wildflower (2/3T and 3/4T only)) for the smallest/youngest of potty trainers!
- Medium 2T-3T (up to 38 lbs)
- Large 3T-4T (up to 45 lbs)
- Use your best judgement: If your kid is taller/skinnier but weighs close to the weight limit for a size I would pick that size. If your kid is shorter/chubbier then I would probably size up if they are close to the weight limit of a size.
- Please note!! You want these to be a little bit on the snug side. The best fit is being able to pull them up and down but still being relatively tight on their legs in order to better contain accidents!Despite the reassurance from the South African government, citizens are panicking in the frantic mode of stockpiling and preparing for what looks like a doomsday movie. The shopping centres are packed and it appears business as usual – but for retailers it’s Christmas comes early.
Should we be panicking, stockpiling and confessing our sins so to prepare for the “Corona”? Whatever one’s perspective of the afterlife – one can’t hide the high-emotions of dying. Twenty-one days of being at home would prove too much, for these are times when we are demanded to behave, behave for the greater good. So whether you are naughty or nice – we all have to adhere to the notices. We can’t jump the queue or request special privileges.
For those “born-free” without the need for anyone guiding as they chart their own course are now demanded to do as they are told. How is this all going to play-out? How would the many who are on temporary jobs survive this pandemic? Which has not just affected their livelihoods, where in fact now the effects may cause higher crime as people become desperate.Freed Jane Camisole Leotard Size 2 - 2a
Regular priceShipping calculated at checkout.
£21.50(Price ex-VAT)
Jane Camisole Leotard by Freed of London.
- Royal Academy of Dance logo on back
- Polycotton Lycra
- Made in UK
- Suitable for Grade 6, Grade 7, Grade 8, Intermediate Foundation, Intermediate, Advanced 1 and Advanced 2
- Elastic belt included
Size Guide:
2 (9-10 years)
2a (11 to 12 years)
Images guide: Navy, Black, Royal BlueCelebrating World Fertility Day!
Fertility Law
Today marks the first World Fertility Day. It’s a project founded by IVFbabble to raise awareness of fertility issues across the world.
Infertility affects around 1 in 6 couples worldwide, and so if you are struggling to conceive, you are not alone. The aim of World Fertility Day is to encourage a global conversation around fertility, to educate and to break the taboo surrounding fertility issues. It’s time to normalise the conversation around fertility, and create a society in which people feel able to share their experiences without fear of judgment or embarrassment.
The chances are that you or someone you know has had (or is having) fertility issues, and for many, there are still feelings of shame or perhaps embarrassment which mean that people don’t feel comfortable sharing their experiences with family and friends. Struggling with infertility and going through fertility treatment is incredibly tough, and can take a huge emotional and physical toll, which is why World Fertility Day is so valuable. By encouraging people to share what they have been through with others, they can be supported by a community of people who may have been through similar experiences, or have been educated about infertility.
We understand that for some, creating a family can be a challenge, and the things you need to consider can seem overwhelming. We offer a complete range of fertility law services to support you through your journey to have a family. Our work includes:
Donor conception advice and support
If you are hoping to conceive with a donor (whether at a clinic or at home) we can guide you through the legal issues that you’ll need to consider before going ahead, such as who the legal parents will be, and if there are formalities that need to happen. If you are planning to conceive with a donor you know (a ‘known donor’), we can help you put an agreement in place with them, which will help you to explore and discuss important issues before you conceive. To find out more, see our website for more information here.
Fertility treatment legal advice
We can support you through your fertility treatment if questions or problems arise. For example, you may want to discuss legal parentage, and the steps you need to take to ensure that your status is secure once your child has been born. Perhaps you have embryos stored at a UK clinic and would like to go overseas for treatment – we can help you to understand the legalities of exporting your embryos to another country. For more information see our website here.
We offer legal advice in relation to all areas of fertility law, and if you would like our help, please contact our highly specialist Fertility Team who will be able to assist. Call us on 01202 525333 or send us an email to fertility@ellisjones.co.uk.Heating oil prices can sometimes fluctuate, especially in the winter and colder months when demand increases. However, there are many other factors that can influence home heating oil costs as well throughout Staten Island, Brooklyn, Bronx, Manhattan, and New Jersey—including Newark, Bayonne, Jersey City, Rahway, Woodbridge and Linden.
Read on to learn more about the lesser-known reasons why your heating oil costs may ebb and flow throughout the year, and how Rucci Oil can help you manage the unexpected.
When oil demands increase sharply, due to longer stretches of cold snaps back-to-back, refineries may have trouble keeping up with demand, since their available supplies may be depleted faster than they can be replenished. This can raise costs, due to reduced supply during higher demand times.
Further increasing heating oil prices can be contributing factors such as transportation costs, and gasoline needed to transport heating oil in trucks. When these costs rise, so do heating oil prices.
[h3] Upheaval at home or around the globe
Fluctuations in weather and the economy can influence heating oil pricing in indirect ways. Likewise, political upheaval in foreign countries can also cause delays in accessing oil, since it may need to be shipped from other regions in the world, and this process can be slower when things aren’t going smoothly.
When these supply delays occur, it can actually increase demand, as some buyers may panic and feel the need to stock up in fear of further delays or a possible shortage. As these buyers snatch up more oil than typical, the supply is further diminished, just when demand is increasing. As you can imagine, this can cause dramatic price fluctuations. Prices will stabilize when additional supply arrives and buyers’ anxiety is reduced.
Your geographic region can also impact heating oil prices. When demand is high, and weather conditions are severe, it can be more difficult, and more expensive, to get heating oil transported to suppliers. If your region is more rural and remote, there may be fewer heating oil suppliers nearby, further increasing demand in your area.
Fortunately, whatever your heating oil needs in New York or New Jersey may be, Rucci Oil will help to keep your family warm and comfortable this season. Our Price Protection program can shield you against winter price spikes, and our EZ Pay plan can help you with predictable payments over monthly installments. Also, we deliver clean-burning Bioheat® fuel, providing a 20¢-per-gallon credit on your New York state income taxes. Reach out to us to learn more about how we can help..
See Also: Titans, Coeus, Phoebe
Ἀστερία (Astería)[1] (Other Titans) Titaness of nocturnal oracles and falling stars.
In Greek mythology, Asteria (/əˈstɪəriə/; Ancient Greek: Ἀστερία, “of the stars, starry one”) was a name attributed to the following eleven individuals: the daughter of Coeus, an Amazon woman, Heliad, Danaid, Alkyonides, the Consort of Phocus, the consort of Bellerophon, the daughter of Coronus, the daughter of Teucer, an Athenian maiden, and a character in the opera “Telemaco”. Each of these is detailed below.
Asteria was the daughter of the Titans Coeus and Phoebe and sister of Leto.[1] According to Hesiod, by Perses she had a daughter Hecate.[2].[3] This then became identified with the island of Delos, which was the only piece on earth to give refuge to the fugitive Leto when, pregnant with Zeus’s children, she was pursued by vengeful Hera.[4]
Personal Information
Siblings
ReferencesALTRINCHAM boss Graham Heathcote was forced to drink from a Cup of woe as the Robins made a sharp exit from the world's most famous knockout competition to leave record-breaking Northwich to single-handedly carry the region's non-League banner into the first-round proper.
Two late goals sent Alty sliding to a 3-1 FA Cup fourth qualifying-round defeat at Tamworth after a 65th minute own-goal equaliser had put them within sight of a home replay.
Heathcote gave a debut as substitute to 19-year-old striker Kyle Wilson.
There was jubilation, however, for Northwich, who came from behind to crush Nationwide North foes Barrow 4-1 and set up a first-round trip to Morecambe.
It was Vics' 14th consecutive win - a new club record - and, though Steve Burr's runaway league leaders will start as underdogs at Christie Park, they'll certainly travel full of confidence.
Northwich trailed inside five minutes but three goals in a devastating 11-minute first-half spell by Paul Brayson, Jonny Allan and Mike Carr effectively secured their passage before Brayson completed the scoring late on.
Consolation
Elsewhere, Stalybridge missed another opportunity to climb into Nationwide North's top-six as they could only draw 1-1 with Hinckley at Bower Fold.
Jody Banim, who has yet to score for Bridge since his big-money move from neighbours Droylsden, was denied by the woodwork for the second home match running but at least had the consolation of setting up Lee Ellington's 77th-minute point-saver.
The alarm bells are starting to ring for struggling local pair Hyde and Leigh.
The third-from-bottom Tigers again conceded late on to draw 1-1 with visiting Worksop after Lincoln Adams had headed them in front.
Meanwhile Leigh, who haven't won a league game since August, are now hanging perilously just above the bottom six after crashing 3-1 to high-flying Stafford at Hilton Park.
Ashton United, who entertain neighbours Curzon in the Manchester Premier Cup first round tonight (7.45pm), had their surge up the UniBond premier division halted in a 3-2 defeat at Gateshead.
Mossley's 3-0 home win over Goole would have taken them back to the first division summit had new leaders Bridlington not thrashed Chorley 4-1.Job Description
Brook Street are proud to advertise a temporary position for an Admin Officer for MOD within the Digital and Data Support team.
Role overview:
The Temporary Worker will provide junior management support and carry out administrative duties that are moderately complex. You
*The offered candidate is subject to a vetting and DBS check.
Pay rate: £13.70/hour, this role is full time (37.30 hrs per week)
Location: Marlbourough Lines, Andover, Hampshire, SP11 8HJ
Length of assignment: until 27.1.22, extension a possibility.
Children’s Teeth
at Thorpe Bay Dental
As dental professionals we believe in preventative dental care and encourage our patients to bring their children to the practice from an early age. Regular check-ups from a young age will ensure children don't suffer from untreated dental decay with devastating effects to their growing dentition.
There are a number of preventative treatments that our team can provide for children:
1) Fluoride applications are a safe and effective way to safeguard your child's growing teeth from developing decay. The fluoride is painted onto the surface of the teeth,.>>.
SPECIFICATIONS
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
SAFETY
REGULATORY APPROVALS
EXTRAS
PHYSICAL SPECIFICATIONS
WARRANTY
ENVISION 9 TOUCHSCREEN CONSOLE
More features of the Envision 9 Touchscreen Console:
-Compatible with TRUE commercial treadmills, bikes and ellipticals and TRUE residential ES900 performance treadmill
-Apple® and Android™ device compatible
Available with EcoFit® technology to provide usage reporting and automated notifications for real-time equipment management
-Bluetooth audio connectivity
-Fitness tests available on treadmills, ellipticals, stationary bikes, Spectrum, and Traverse
ENVISION 16 TOUCHSCREEN..
LEARN MORE ABOUT COMPASS
More features of the Envision Console:
-CompatibleIn her new Netflix special Growing, Amy Schumer shares that her husband Chris Fischer, a chef and cookbook author, has a high-functioning form of Autism Spectrum Disorder— a detail that yields the strongest material of the hour-long show, if not her career. It is somewhat of a comeback for Schumer, who’s 2017 Leather Special garnered mostly negative reviews. But now her jokes about love, marriage, and building a life with someone whose brain works differently, put Schumer’s comedic growth on display as much as her belly’s
A recurring critique throughout Schumer’s career has been that her jokes are surface-level enough to seem like street jokes — simple and often vulgar bits exchanged so many times over that it no longer matters who the original author was. In Leather Special Schumer was specifically accused stealing the Patrice O’Neal’s joke about a sexual euphemism called “The Poltergeist,” which Schumer called “The Houdini,” but described the same way. In reality, both comedians were referencing terms that, although taboo, already existed in the broader culture. O’Neal and Schumer offered their own original twists to it and varied their delivery, but whether it was called the The Houdini or Poltergeist the act was not unique (or pleasant).
Growing is not exactly a full departure from her old ways. Vulture noted her reference to a study about how women fear violence most and men fear ridicule the most was not a fresh observation. It was covered by Margaret Atwood in 1982 with, “Men are afraid that women will laugh at them; women are afraid that men will kill them.”
Schumer’s jokes about her husband are different. The topic of marriage may not be unique in stand up and she is following a long line of comedians’ whose acts are extensions of their families. Even before she says that her husband is on the spectrum, her jokes about life with him are a departure from the low-hanging fruit she’s been accused of cherry-picking in the past.
She starts talking about her husband a little over 10 minutes into the show, leading off with the fact that he’s a chef. “Marrying a chef is a little on the nose for me. It’s kind of like Snoop Dog marrying weed,” she says. That’s not just a joke about her husband, or her body, or Snoop Dog, but and objectively good joke because it’s all of the above executed in an economical way. And that was just her first husband joke out of the gate.
There are subtle hints leading up to the reveal of her husband’s diagnosis. Like when he proposed first thing in the morning by showing her the ring and asking “Do you want me to get down on one knee?” Without knowing he’s on the spectrum, or without being married to someone on it, the fact that she got engaged and went back to sleep is something most couples can connect because it captures absurd comfortability such a commitment. It’s as relatable as it is ridiculous, but it’s not a joke any married comedian could have parallel thought about or pass off as their own. It’s undeniably hers.
If Schumer relied on the surface-level jokes she’s been accused after revealing her husband’s diagnosis, the jokes would’ve never made it in the special. They would’n’t have worked. The joke she came up with instead are not funny because he’s autistic. They’re jokes that are funny because he’s the partner to a professional comedian effectively doing her job. Schumer accomplishes this by discussing being on the spectrum as naturally as any other aspect of their relationship. Like when she asks him if an outfit looks bad and he says, “You have a lot of other clothes. Why don’t you wear those?” We don’t need to know he’s even on the spectrum for her joke to be funny. His diagnosis gives the joke more context and shape, but it’s a detail, not a punchline.
Schumer and her husband chose to share this personal information because they saw his diagnosis as a positive and they wanted to normalize it for others. She frames his diagnosis as a positive thing, saying that how his brain worked is what made her fall in love with him. Treating it like any other aspect of their lives has not just been good for reducing the stigma, it’s been good for her jokes. She’s taking something most people are wrong about and making them laugh hard enough to look at it from another angle, which is subversive comedy at it’s best. And perhaps Schumer making other people grow is the most clever twist of all.Darts Scene
LITTLE Hulton emerged victorious from their 'derby' encounter with Walkden in the second division of the Greater Manchester Super League.
They prevailed 5-2 with their nap-hand of wins coming via Ken Mather, Stuart Wilmott, Lee Grimshaw Snr, teenager Peter Meakin and 180 scorer Peter Walker.
Walkden's winners were Alan Hodgson and Wayne Warwick, who also struck a maximum.
Swinton Ladies lost 4-3 to Oldham. The consolation points came from Diane Lee, Ann-Marie Millership and Dawn Shaw, who fired in a 17-darter.
The Railway secured the Irlam and Cadishead League's first division title with a 5-2 victory over Irlam Con Club.
The second division crown went to Cadishead Lion following their 4-3 win against second-placed White Lion Nomads.
Gary Brooks struck a superb 14-darter on the Manchester board in Pendleton Legion A's 6-1 Salford Regent League success against Royal Oak.
Oak also lost 4-2 to Wellington in the Joseph Holts Eccles League knockout final.
Wellington overcame Bridgewater in the semi-finals while Roal Oak beat Union.
Back on the big board, Brian Everall hit a 180 and supplied a 111 checkout to inspire Folly to semi-final success against Moorside Farm in Swinton 501 League's DSP Inter-Divisional knockout competition.
Lord Neslon edged out White Swan, Swinton Cons A got the better of Bowling Green and Farmers defeated White Lion.Belle Vue star Dan Bewley became the unexpected hero of the Speedway of Nations tournament as he stepped in at the last minute to guide Team Great Britain to gold medal success and end their 32-year wait to be crowned World Champions.
The Aces No.1 was called into action at Belle Vue’s National Speedway Stadium just a few hours before the start of day 2 of the weekend’s two-day World Cup event, replacing British skipper Tai Woffinden, after the three-times world individual champion was ruled out of further participation following a horror crash during Saturday’s opening meeting.
Bewley was drafted in on Sunday morning to join 23-year-old Robert Lambert and under-21 reserve Tom Brennan – also of Belle Vue – to stun odds-on favourites Poland, as Great Britain became World Champions for the first time since 1989.
However Bewley was a mere spectator as Woffinden and Lambert opened Saturday’s event with a heat 1 win over Latvia.
They followed that up with a maximum 7-2 win over highly-fancied Denmark, to share the lead with Poland after each nation had completed two rides.
Sweden meanwhile, saw their hopes ended in heat 6, when Jacob Thorsell hit the back wheel of Australian Jason Doyle, and was sent sprawling across the track, also bringing down teammate Pontus Asprgren. Neither Swede was able to continue and, with no back up rider named, it fell to under-21 rider Philip Hellstrom-Bangs to battle on the remainder of the two days alone.
Britain and Poland met in heat 8, but it was the Poles who stamped their authority on the race with a 7-2 win.
1 of 18
- Brennan.Bewley.1112398.IC
- Great.Britain.Champions.1112329.IC
- Great.Britain.Champions.1112394.IC
- Great.Britain.Champions.1112382.IC
- Great.Britain.Champions.1112420.IC
- Bewley.Bellego.Lambert.Berge.1111758.IC
- Bewley.Janowski.1111703.IC
- Bewley.Mikkelsen.1112185.IC
- Brennan.HelstrUom-Bangs.1111288.IC
- Hansen.Helström-Bangs.1111184.IC
- Helström-Bangs.Brennan.1111920.IC
- Janowski.Woffinden.Lambert.1111149.IC
- Lambert.Lebedevs.1111992.IC
- Lambert.Lebedevs.Woffinden.1110935.IC
- Lebedevs.Fricke.1111171.IC
- Woffinden.Bellego.1111203.IC
- Woffinden.Mikkelsen.1111003.IC
- Zmarslik.Janowski.1112239.IC
Further points were dropped when Lambert was disqualified for failing to meet the time allowance for the start of the race against France, but Britain were boosted when Tom Brennan came in to take a compulsory under-21 ride and teamed up with Woffinden for a maximum win.
However Woffinden’s tournament came to an end when he crashed heavily into the third-bend airfence whilst chasing Australian Jason Doyle, suffering rib and leg injuries.
At the end of day one, Poland led with 40 points, from Britain on 30 and Denmark 29. Latvia, Australia and France had 24 with one-man Sweden way back on 16.
Bewley faced a World Cup baptism of fire as Britain started day 2 with the crunch battle with favourites Poland, but the Lions pair packed the minor places to take a 5-4 win.
Another 5 points followed against France, but Team GB slipped into third place when Denmark defeated them 6-3.
Tom Brennan brilliantly passed the lively Hellstrom-Bangs in his compulsory under-21 ride to join Lambert for a 7-2 win over depleted Sweden, and Britain finished strongly with maximum wins over Latvia and a disappointing Australian side.
At the end of the 42 heats Poland qualified straight into the Grand Final, whilst Denmark and Great Britain faced the race-off.
As Leon Madsen led for the Danes, all eyes were on Bewley at the back, needing to avoid last place to send Britain into the Final. And the Aces star used all his knowledge of his home track to power around Mikkel Michelsen into third. The sell-out N.S.S. crowd were brought to their feet as Lambert grabbed the win on the run in to the line, to send the home country into a head-to-head with Poland for the World title.
Bartosz Zmarzlik led the opening lap of the Grand Final for Poland, but there was a dramatic finish as teammate Maciej Janowski – coming under pressure from the British pair – went wide on the final corner of the first lap and fell.
Though Janowski quickly remounted, the Lions were gone and on their way to becoming World Team Champions for the first time since 1989.
Afterwards Bewley said: “Once I saw Janowski had fallen, I knew we’d done it. But I still had to stay on for three laps. I must admit it felt like I'd forgotten how to ride a bike. My arms went weak knowing we were on the verge of gold".
Lambert said: “We have had a hard weekend with Tai getting injured. But obviously we had a strong guy to come into the team in Dan. I was born in 1998. It’s the first time in my lifetime that I have seen Great Britain as world champions. It’s a great feeling and I am going to treasure this gold medal for as long as I live. We did it with such a young team as well. Dan and I went out and did the business against the two best Poles in the world. It’s such a great feeling for us and also GB. I am very, very proud of everyone involved.”
Belle Vue bring their season to a close on Saturday when they stage the prestigious Peter Craven Memorial Trophy individual meeting at the National Speedway Stadium.
The Aces’ World Championship winning heroes Dan Bewley and Tom Brennan will be amongst the star-studded 16-rider field vying for the title.
Words by Graham Goodwin
Images by Ian CharlesFind your local sexual health clinic;
No matter who you are, your lifestyle or number of partners, we should all aim to enjoy our sexual relationships. However... be considerate to yourself and others if you are at higher risk of HIV by wearing a condom and getting yourself checked regularly for HIV and other STIs. Consider using preventative treatments PEP or PrEP , medicines proven to help protect against contracting HIV.
Higher risk of HIV exposure can happen if you enjoy more than one sexual partner at a time, are a sex worker or have chemsex and are injecting drugs or sharing needles with partners or friends.
"Like all sexually transmitted infections (STIs), HIV doesn't care what colour you are, your age or your religious background. If you're having unprotected, high-risk sex it's really important that you protect your partners health. That's why PrEP and PEP are indispensable in helping protect against HIV – they're free and available to all."
Sexual Health Nurse Consultant, The Florey Clinic, Reading
Both PEP and PrEP are primarily prescribed for use for those aged 16 years and over.
PEP and PrEP are also available for people aged under 16 years, if they are at risk of HIV infection. In this circumstance, a healthcare professional will discuss treatment options with you and your wider welfare.
Overall, irrespective of your age, if you need any sexual health advice, it’s always worth contacting your local sexual health clinic where the specialist healthcare professional team will help you..
Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis is a preventative treatment that is proven clinically to reduce your chances of getting HIV. You take PrEP before you are exposed to HIV infection risk. PrEP is an anti-HIV treatment that stops the HIV virus entering the cells of your body and reproducing. Taking PrEP is highly effective in preventing a person who is HIV negative from getting HIV, helping them to enjoy sex safely.
"We talk to people where one partner is HIV positive and their partner is not. In these cases we would always recommend that the HIV negative partner uses PrEP as a preventative to help stop them getting HIV."
Sarah Macadam, CEO, Thames Valley Positive Support
PrEP is available free on prescription from your local sexual health clinic. Unlike PEP It is not available as an emergency treatment so a hospital A&E department won’t be able to prescribe it, nor will your GP.
When you make an appointment for PrEP at your local sexual health or Genito-Urinary Medicine clinic, the specialist healthcare team will be able to determine if PrEP is right for you. In general though, PrEP is recommended for anyone who is HIV negative and having sex when a condom is not always used. Taking PrEP doesn’t necessarily depend on how much or the type of sex you have but how far in advance you plan to have sex or how regularly.
PrEP is available for free on prescription and is a course of tablets you take before having sex:
If you are considering taking PrEP contact your local sexual health clinic for more help and advice on what’s right for you.
Here's Laura's Personal Story: "PrEP is based on how people are already having sex, rather than telling people to have sex in a different way or in the 'right way'. For some women this can mean taking a tablet once a day when you’re not sure of your man's HIV status or aren't certain who else he's having sex with or when you're having more casual sex. PrEP can be used by women, it can give you more control over your sexual health."
Safe Sex Berkshire thanks the team at Prepster for providing this.
Don't delay if you think you are at risk of HIV exposure and had unprotected sex (not wearing a condom or the condom breaks) or you’ve been sharing needles with others or you have been injured with a needle used to inject drugs, then get in touch with a local sexual health clinic or your nearest hospital Accident & Emergency department.
Be quick: PEP should be started within a few hours after exposure (although may also be given up to 72 hours after HIV-risk exposure).
This is an after-sex emergency treatment for use if you've been exposed to HIV after having sex. It's proven clinically to help prevent HIV if taken correctly for 28 days and treatment is started as soon as possible after exposure i.e. within a few hours and no later than 72 hours (3 days).
PEP is a prophylactic (preventative) anti-HIV infection treatment that is available free on prescription. It's available at local sexual health clinics in Berkshire or from hospital A&E departments if the clinics are closed. PEP is also available from Genito-Urinary Medicine (GUM) clinics outside of Berkshire.
PEP may prevent you getting an HIV infection if you've been put at risk and exposed to the virus but it doesn’t always work and is not a cure for HIV.
You'll be asked to take an HIV test before starting treatment. You'll also have to take an HIV test after PEP treatment to ensure that this treatment has been successful in preventing HIV infection.
You need to take a course of treatment (tablets) for 28 days to reduce your risk of HIV infection.
Contact your local sexual health clinic or your nearest hospital Accident & Emergency department if the clinics are closed.
You'll receive detailed information when you are given your PEP prescription but here are some brief details:
If you think you may be at future risk of HIV again you might want to think about taking PrEP (pre-exposure prophylaxis). This is another preventative treatment you take before actually having sex.
"Blaize talks about his personal HIV awareness journey: "I had my first 'HIV scare' in 2013 whilst 'in the closet', after having condomless sex with a partner I knew nothing about.
I was overwhelmed and consumed with shame, fear of what would happen if I contracted HIV, fear of what my parents, friends and family would think. Stress, anxiety and panic made me numb, and after not being able to handle these emotions any longer, I visited the sexual health clinic and was prescribed PEP (post-exposure prophylaxis) for the first time."
Safe Sex Berkshire thanks the team at Prepster for providing this abridged.
Sunita Baniya, Advanced Nurse Practitioner from the Garden Clinic in Slough explains how anti-HIV treatment PrEP is proven to reduce your chances of getting HIV when taken before you are exposed to HIV infection risk.
Nisha Pal, Consultant in Sexual Health and HIV at the Garden Clinic in Slough talks about PEP, or Post-Exposure Prophylaxis, an emergency treatment that may significantly reduce your risk of being infected with HIV after exposure and is available FREE from your local sexual health clinic.
Bret Palmer, Consultant in Sexual Health and HIV at the Florey Clinic in Reading discusses the importance of knowing your HIV status and using preventative treatments such as PEP if you have recently been exposed to HIV.
Paul Graham, Public Health West Berkshire, talks about Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis, also known as PrEP, a preventative treatment proven to reduce your chances of getting HIV.
Courtnay Sibley, Case Worker at Cranstoun Drug and Alcohol Service in Wokingham explains how certain lifestyles can put you more at risk of HIV infection. If you may have been exposed to HIV, don’t delay! Get in touch with your local sexual health clinic or visit your nearest hospital Accident and Emergency department.I’m not depressed. I’m not suicidal. I’m not unhappy. I just felt a bit stuck. So I’m getting some help and have been going to counselling the past few weeks.
I’m not going into much/any detail here, that’s not what this post is about.
This post is about me saying that I am receiving counselling, I am getting help. This post is about saying it publicly, making it less taboo for the next man, even if only slightly.
And for those concerned about my own well being. I am well. I am good. The counselling is helping already, and I’m glad I’m doing it.
If anyone reading this wants to discuss, or ask, me anything further. Or even just shout into the void at me to get something off your chest, please do (there is a contact link up top).
Or better still, get help if you need it. There are many organisations and private practices, all of which are there for you, all of which have trained people who will listen and help you. It’s not easy taking the first step, but once you do the second step is easier.
Useful links
2 Comments
Good for you – glad it’s helping 🙂
Cheers, it certainly is!Gabi & Flavio | March 2019 sittingpretty 17.05.2019 2019 Weddings 2 1 Like Venue: Tokara Coordination: Celebration Theory Photography: He Is Visual Annegret Delport info@sitting-pretty.co.za
2 Comments
Katie oxley17.05.2019 at 15:25
Hi there
I was hoping to get a quote on what hiring and floral design will cost for my wedding. Would love to possibly set up a meeting?
Best wishes
Katie oxley
sittingpretty17.05.2019 at 13:00
Good day Katie,
Thank you so much for your message. You are welcome to email us at hello@sitting-pretty.co.za
Kind Regards,
LizeForward-looking: The service department can seem like the slowest part of a dealership, especially when it's your car getting worked on. But Mercedes-Benz is infusing its dealerships with AR technology to speed up the diagnosis and repair of tricky and complex issues with its Virtual Remote Support, powered by Microsoft's HoloLens 2 and Dynamics 365 Remote Assist. I visited one of Mercedes' showcases last week to check out the implementation and get some hands-on time with the HoloLens 2.
For customers that bring in a hard-to-solve problem, it was common for Mercedes-Benz to call in a flying doctor, an expert from HQ that would fly in and get hands-on with an issue. That could take days to arrange, not to mention the costs and environmental impacts associated with flying in these technical specialists from all over the country. All the while, the customer is left without their luxury automobile.
While many shoppers go with a Mercedes for the styling and performance, it's the service experience that impacts their future purchases. Long waits could see someone changing brands in the future.
Mercedes is arming all 383 dealerships across the U.S. with this Virtual Remote Assistant, hoping to improve the efficiency of their service bays and keep customers happy.
It all starts with the HoloLens 2, an augmented reality headset with four visible light cameras for head tracking, two infrared cameras for eye tracking, a depth sensor, a five-channel microphone array, and built-in speakers.
The local technician puts on the HoloLens and can then pull up wiring diagrams, schematics, and other details on the headset, so they can refer to them while they're working on the customer's vehicle.
If the problem needs assistance from one of the experts, they can call them and even provide them a visual feed from his headset. The experts see what the technician does, and their face is broadcast in a small portion of the screen. It’s like a futuristic Zoom or Teams meeting call happening in your eyeglasses. Ever helpful, those experts can add arrows, circles, and other notes to help point out important issues.
Using the headset requires little orientation. All you do is put it on and do a short calibration. It follows your eyes and can recognize your hands. You look down and tap your wrist to bring up a menu that allows you to start your work or teleconference. It’s projected onto the glass of the headset but looks like it’s floating in front of you. You can reach out and interact and manipulate the windows with a variety of gestures. It all feels similar to the movie Minority Report and was pretty intuitive to use.
When I was finished goofing around with the headset, Mercedes-Benz representatives explained that the technology has the potential to completely change the service industry. A career that is typically associated with trades work, can now become more digital and high-tech, attracting a whole new demographic of students and employees.
Mercedes boasts that their cars today have more lines of software code than the Space Shuttle, an F-35 fighter jet, and a pacemaker combined. This much functionality means more complexity. So to chase down and resolve any complex issues, the automaker has turned to the HoloLens. Referencing a wiring diagram or schematic that’s projected in 3D space onto the car you’re working on, will help cut down on wasted time.
Furthermore, while automakers boast that electric vehicles will feature fewer moving parts and require less maintenance, these advanced vehicles may still have issues, likely with wiring and digital components. Technicians using HoloLens can chase down these issues quicker than those having to go back and forth between the computer and the car.
Ready for the next level of displays? The augmented reality head-up display (AR-HUD) of the new #SClass provides loads of #augmentedreality content for #drivingassistance systems and navigation information. #MercedesBenz #MBUX pic.twitter.com/HNmkOHMTJM— Mercedes-Benz (@MercedesBenz) July 28, 2020
Mercedes-Benz isn’t a newbie to AR. The automaker offers an augmented reality navigation system, which broadcasts navigation instructions on top of a video feed from a front-facing camera, all on the dashboard to make it difficult to get lost. With the new S-Class, that information is overlaid right on the windshield with an augmented reality windshield. The automaker sees more opportunities for HoloLens 2. It can be used for sales training or even with customers on the showroom floor, customizing their car before their eyes.
Since the introduction of augmented reality, it seemed destined for this kind of application -- infusing hands-on work and know-how with data to make complex tasks easier. Now that Mercedes is putting it into action, we're looking forward to see just how effective it can be.On the first day of the final week of the regular season for many spring sports, five Ridgefield High teams posted victories Monday.
Softball: Ridgefield drew closer to a berth in the conference post-season by edging host New Canaan, 4-2. The teams entered the penultimate game of the regular season tied for the eighth and final FCIAC playoff spot.Churn. It’s a word that makes founders and Customer Success teams shudder in their sleep. If your SaaS product is the hero, then churn is your arch nemesis. Like Lex Luthor is to Superman. Like Joker is to Batman. Like Newman is to Jerry.
If customer acquisition is the water that fills your bucket, then churn represents holes in that bucket. The bigger the holes, the more your business relationships turn into a one night stand.
And you know what a one night stand means for a subscription-based business model, right?
Heartbreak.
So what do you do when you have plenty of water coming into a leaky bucket? You plug the holes.
How do you do that?
You learn why people churn. And there’s one main reason why people delete, ditch, and dump your product or service: they’re just not getting enough value from it.
Here’s some reasons why:
Your product doesn’t fill an urgent need.
It’s the wrong solution, so customers go to your competitors.
People successfully used your product, but just don’t need it anymore.
But what if your product is good, but complicated to operate? What if it takes some time to learn to get maximum value?
Then you’ve got to decrease the time it takes a customer to learn because time is the biggest obstacle standing in the way of a customer achieving what they want.
Specifically, time to value.
“Time to value is the biggest obstacle standing in the way of customer success.”
Time to value answers this question: How fast can someone experience the greatest value from your product? How fast can you get people to that place of, “That’s exactly what I needed!”
Time to learn
For most SaaS products, time to value translates to time to learn. The faster someone learns how to use your app, the faster they can experience value—unless your product is crapp (Get it? Crap/app? Oh never mind.)
Remember: education is a massive churn-buster—teach or get deleted.
Most founders realize this and focus more resources on education via customer onboarding and video tutorials.
Wrike, a SaaS platform for collaborative project management, fits this mold. They prioritize time to value, and employ user onboarding within their web app through tutorials to educate customers.
Adler Chan, a member of Wrike’s consulting team, works with customer project teams from start to finish.
Here’s Adler:
“We use a couple of typeforms to help us better understand the challenges our clients are trying to solve. One is a tutorial to instruct our users on the basics of our software using videos and quizzes.”
Adler’s right. After entering your name and email, you’re shown a quick video tour of their platform followed by a short quiz to deepen your learning—also known as the testing effect.
Adler on his master plan:
“Our original idea was to use Typeform primarily as a quiz to measure our success for training, linking back to videos for references. But, we decided that the whole experience needed to be more interactive.”
But with so many tools out there, why did Adler choose Typeform? Flexibility.
“There are many online forms and video training tools around. But there aren’t too many tools that can do both well. Plus, we needed something we could implement and modify ourselves.”
Sustainable transformations
After weeks of research and testing, Adler and his team finally settled on their workflow. Once they understood their goals, it was literally three days to implement all their typeforms. Here’s what happened next:
“Our consulting team reduced time spent conducting basic product training by 70%. This allowed us to spend more time on long term, sustainable transformations in how our clients’ teams work.”
Can you imagine taking that 70% of time saved and channeling it towards your client’s transformation? And how did clients respond? Adler continues:
“Most of our clients get a lot of value from the tutorial. It works great for educating people about our product, while providing a seamless user experience.”
That’s great for clients, but what about the consultant team?
“It makes our lives easier because it saves us time for high-level problem solving. Plus, we don’t need to schedule live product training sessions anymore.”
The team at Wrike will take an easier life over customer churn any day. What about you?
How did Wrike do it?
1) Think about the user experience
Put yourselves in your user’s shoes when you design your Typeform. Try to make it as simple and logical as possible. If it’s hard for you to use your own Typeform, then you’re probably doing something wrong.
2) Test your typeform
As you’re designing it, get validation from colleagues on other teams. Have them test it out and give you feedback. A big benefit of Typeform is flexibility, and that makes it easy to test and adjust as you need to. You can also test your typeform without collecting entries.
3) Logic jump
Adler applied logic jumps to his quizzes. You’re instantly notified if you answer a question incorrectly on the quiz. This helps to reinforce memory. It’s not about keeping score, it’s about retention. See what else logic jump can do.
4) Video and images
Any interaction that involves images and video is a more engaging interaction. Learning doesn’t have to be boring. Follow Wrike’s example and spruce up your next typeform with video. Wrike also added a background image to match their brand colors.
5) File upload
Sometimes you need someone to submit a document. File upload supports all file types (up to 10mb).
6) Custom Thank You screen
Use your Thank You screen to talk about next steps or send them to a page on your website. Keep the conversation going.27 Aug Passions
Friday, August 27th
Sala La Planeta de Girona, 6 pm
Synopsis
The show Passions is a work of physical theatre. The central idea is that if there is one force that a human being cannot control, it is passion. Passion can trigger a struggle between the light and dark sides of a person. Accepting that passion has two sides can inspire a person and make them unique. This show is a homage to human beings: their strength, spontaneity, vulnerability and sensuality that, when expressed, engender energetic emotions in the viewer. Six performers from five different countries have come together to create a unique show in five languages and demonstrate that passion speaks in every language..Plans to regenerate part of inner-city Salford, which were stalled by the recession, are back on the table.
Town hall chiefs have announced plans for a compulsory purchase order on two empty sites off Langworthy Road in Langworthy - in the hope that they will eventually be used for much-needed housing.
The plots of land, the size of almost two and a half football pitches, are bounded by Greenland Street, Norway Street, Kara Street, Nansen Street and Liverpool Street.
The order will have to be confirmed by the Secretary of State before any planning applications can be tabled.
Town hall chiefs started regenerating Langworthy in 2000 after the housing market in the area collapsed.
Since then, the council and housing partners Urban Vision have generated more than £72m-worth of investment in the area, with improvements to over 900 homes and 350 new homes built.
READ MORE:
There has also been a further £1.4m in improving shops along Langworthy Road; a £450,000 refurbishment of Langworthy Park; and improvements to Chimney Pot Park.
There are two new primary schools and new community facilities, including the Emmanuel Church development. Council chiefs say the improvements are helping to attract people to an area that was in decline. Deputy Mayor Coun David Lancaster said the order marks the start of a new future for the two sites.
He added: “Salford is booming, with high demand for housing close to MediaCityUK.
“Developers are keen to build in the city. We have managed to acquire ownership of most of these two sites but, as there were houses, gardens, shops and garages on the land, it has been very complicated and time consuming to trace all the owners and buy out their interests.
“We’re at the stage now where the only way forward is to go for a compulsory purchase order to finalise complete ownership of the site and allow us to put it forward to the market.
“There is no more demolition involved and it will cost us less than £350,000 to do this, but the benefit to the city in terms of new homes, investment and jobs will be far, far higher.
“Obviously if any former owners come forward as a result we are willing to negotiate - but it’s time to get the plans for this site moving again.”Shane Romero alongside Boston Director Cliff Notez have created a poetry short film called “Mouse Trap” about stopping gun violence. While its main focus is on the South Side of Chicago and Brooklyn, the anti-gun message is universal. The poem that narrates the film is inspired by South Side Chicago based 14 year old Rapper “Lil’ Mouse”.
Lets help put an end to us brown and black brothers dying in the streets and help them achieve a high standard of community and live lives free from fear. The full feature drops April 29th.</iframe>" alt="">Traduce esta página
Get to know me better
i am chef workung in resaturant , seaching also for part time chef
i am professional chef from more than 11 years. Worked in many highly places. Working in good restaurent in horgen. i decided to do chef job while have time for as a side job. i stated my career since 2009, i have an Diploma in culinery arts. I love to make food, creativity of diffirent dishes, plating style etc.
For me, cooking is...
cooking i love cooking from many years
I learned to cook at...
i learned many cusine, like chinise, arabian, i like mostly Indian Cuisine
A role model in the kitchen is...
chef in charge for whole resposible
A cooking secret...
i learned from my chefs many point to make excellent perfection of making dish. Have good knowledge about the ingredients, spices, and its nutrition.
My services
As a Private Chef, I can offer you:
Personal Chef
Simply tell me what you're craving! I would love to create the perfect menu for your special occasion in Horgen.
Catering
I can do weddings, birthdays and corporate events in Horgen. You name it!
Cooking Classes
Because "sharing is caring". I would be happy to teach you all sorts of techniques and recipes in Horgen.
Culinary Consultancy
Trust me as a culinary consultant to help you with your concept in Horgen.
Rohit's Food Gallery
We all eat with our eyes first! Below you can find a little demonstration of what I can bring to your table.
Take a Chef services in nearby cities
Discover cities near Horgen where you can enjoy a Cook At Home serviceIn an unprecedented and historic move, the United Arab List decided to give its support to Benny Gantz to become Prime minister of Israel.
Israel : Arab parties back Gantz against Netanyahu
Consultations are running their course in Israel for the constitution of a new government. For the first time since 1992, Arab members of the Knesset have spoken out. They recommended the challenger of Benyamin Netanyahu, the leader of the Blue White party, Benny Gantz.
Historic decision : Arabs offer their support to Gantz
In an unprecedented move in the Jewish State history, the “United Arab List” offers a decisive advantage to the former IDF leader in trying to form a new government and end the Netanyahu reign. The United List, thirteen MPs, announced Sunday that it would recommend the centrist Benny Gantz, whose party came first in the legislative elections last Tuesday, to be the next Prime Minister.
A landmark decision, say Arab MPs who advised Israeli President Reuven Rivlin to charge Benny Gantz, the leader of the centre-left rally Blue-white, to set up a coalition government. For Aymane Odeh, number one on the United Arab list, this was the most difficult decision of his political career. “We want to end the Benyamin Netanyahu era, and that’s why we recommend Benny Gantz for the formation of the next government.”
Netanyahu vs Gantz : neither man has a majority of seats
At the end of this election, the centrist party Kahol Lavan (“Blue-white”) of Benny Gantz won 33 seats out of 120 in the Parliament, against 31 for the Likud (right) of Netanyahu, the outgoing Prime Minister. Even counting their allies, the two big rivals remain unable to reach the number of 61 deputies, threshold of the absolute majority in the Knesset, the Israeli parliament. President Rivlin, whose function is almost symbolic, began Sunday evening consultations to arbitrate the dispute.
However, Gantz now has more support than the current Prime Minister, and should therefore have priority over Netanyahu. This is not yet the coup de grace, but it looks like it: it is the first time since his return to power in 2009 that Netanyahu finds himself in such a position. “This must be the end of his political career,” said Ayman Odeh, leader of the United Arab List.
The support of the Arab parties does not allow for the moment Benny Gantz to cross the threshold of the 61 deputies. But it definitely sends a clear message to the president that the third political force in the country does not want to see Netanyahu as leader of a possible coalition including, among others, the Likud and “Blue-white” parties.
React to this articleSAHGCA Hunters' Code
A declaration of responsibility founded on respect for life and for nature
As SAHGCA members we declare;
That all animals are sentient creatures, and that in the highest form of the humane taking of life as well as in respect for the game we hunt, we at all times aim to achieve a one-shot-kill, while ensuring the responsible utilisation of all hunted game.No one can truly prepare a solar eclipse novice to the extraordinary moment of totality. You can say it gets cooler. You can tell them about the moon’s shadow rushing toward you. You can say it is spectacular.
Each of the events come in sequence. Watching the solar bands as they flicker in the ground. Explaining the ring of Fire that surrounds the shadow. And finally you can tell them about the absolute spectacular moments that encompass totality. You can tell them. But they cannot understand until they have actually experienced the moment. And then they know.
That moment when the moon’s shadow reaches the sun and it goes black. And a sparkle of light flashes out one last time: the diamond ring. There are no words, Except, “Oh My God!”
Then comes the displays of light. The Bailey’s beads. The solar flares. The prominences that jump into the sky. You can now see them without the bright light of the sun blinding your eyes. And time seems to flicker by. Two minutes seem take just seconds to pass.
Each eclipse has its own special corona. The white light that shoots out in all directions from the sun. This one seemed Star shaped.
I was blessed to see this eclipse in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, with the Grand Tetons in the horizon. 500 of us were fortunate to be at the Jackson Hole Golf Club. A most glorious spot to see the magnificent sky show.
I am so blessed to have seen five eclipses. I am already looking forward to 2020 in Chile and 2024 in Texas!
I truly believe that everyone should see at least one eclipse. But I know if you do, you will want to see another and another. You will join our band of umbraphiles who wish to once again stand in totality and stand in the glory of the moon’s shadow.Maybe
Maybe you’re reading this and thinking, ‘This sounds great and all, but I don’t know how to code and I’d like a job now, not four years in the future after I graduate from a computer science program.” Have no fear. We’re here to reassure you that there are plenty of other opportunities within a broad-ranging and thriving industry like tech. Analysts, researchers, customer success specialists, designers, marketers, writers – all these positions and more exist within the field, meaning you can have a pretty satisfying career, even if until now you thought that C was just a letter in the alphabet.
Read between the Lines of Job Postings
A lot of people (sadly, especially women) look at a job posting and interpret the language to mean that they aren’t qualified. They don’t bother to apply and miss out on some potentially awesome job opportunities within the tech sphere. Maybe you don’t have a Computer Science degree specifically, but you did study electrical engineering with some computer science classes. Maybe you don’t feel that you have a ‘proven track record’ in a specific skill-set, but you have actually studied it and know your way around. Go ahead and apply anyway! All the above fancy-sounding requirements mean is that the company is looking for people with skills and experience, which you most likely have.
Practice Desirable Skills in Your Free Time
Maybe you do actually want to code, but that wasn’t the focus of your degree. Use the fact that you’re most likely stuck at home right now to take an online course or use free resources to practice skills like coding or web development, familiarize yourself with desirable software such as the Adobe suite, learn how to build or repair devices, or even just polish your resume and interview skills.
2021 is off to a rough start in some ways, which may make it seem daunting to jump into a new field, but at least we know that all things tech are in high demand right now. We think it’s the perfect time to be dusting off your skillset and your resume to get into a great job in the tech industry. (P.S.: Check out our open positions, too!)