The London Gazette Publication date: 5 February 1785 Issue: 12619 Page: 76.Tim Hague
UFC Fight For The Troops 2 Draws Average Of 1.85 Million Viewers
"UFC Fight Night: Fight For The Troops 2" drew an estimated average audience of 1.85 million viewers, peaking at 2.5 million last Saturday night on Spike TV.
Guillard Decimates Dunham, Hominick Earns Shot At Aldo
UFC Fight For The Troops 2 Official Weigh-In Results
UFC Fight for the Troops 2 Preview
Mitrione Expecting Tough Battle From Hague
Mitrione vs. Hague, Johnson vs. Guymon Likely For January 22
Matt Mitrione vs. Tim Hague and Mike Guymon vs. DaMarques Johnson are in the works for "UFC Fight Night 23".
Every Fight Is A Must-Win For Joey Beltran
Tim Hague Replaces Chad Corvin at UFC 113
Nover, Hague Released from UFC Contracts
Tuchscherer Scores Controversial DecisionI really love my Christmas gift from Mr. (My husband hates social media and don’t want any part of it so I refer to him as Mr) Now you are probably wondering what I got that’s so special to write a blog about it? (I think I’ll build up to the gift)
Me and Mr have been together since I was 14 and he was 16 years old. He have always brought me gifts that…….I hated. Outdoor crap. He loves being outdoors not me. He usually buy me crap like thermal underwear, socks, snowmobile suit, (you know my ass wasn’t going snowmobiling, well one time I did) ugly boots with fur inside anything that would keep you warm. I didn’t need any of that sh…I mean stuff because the furnace will be on inside the house.
I am not kidding when I tell you for 3 years straight he brought me the same damn gray sweater. I even took my senior pictures in the sweater with him. (Laughing who in the hell takes their senior pictures with their boyfriend)? I on the other hand brought him great gifts like stylish clothes that ……..he hated. He would complain to me that I should have given him some socks or t-shirts. I asked who wants that crap for Christmas? We done this same cycle for many years. I then started buying myself presents to me from me. I wrapped them and put them under the tree. After we opened all the Christmas gifts the kids would say now let see what mom brought for herself? Ok in my defense….. forget it I’m not going to defend this behavior.
Somewhere down the years I started giving him business cards from a few jewelry stores with the information on the back. (Hey, It was still a surprise because I didn’t know which item I was getting). He then started telling me what he wanted for Christmas, we finally got this thing figured out. We did this for a few years until recently. We are now at the stage when we don’t need anything and it’s hard to buy for each other. He told me if I stop buying crap all year long it would be easier to buy for. I laughed.
This year after 32 years of marriage plus 4 years of dating, I brought him two pair of thermal underwear, pajamas pants and a work jacket with the hoodie attached to it. You would have thought the man won the lottery. SERIOUSLY?!!! Why hadn’t I done this before? Do you know how much money I could have saved?
Now to my gift. I’m not the person that needs the latest technology. I was happy with my phone until the damn thing wouldn’t let me do what I needed anymore. I was teased about my phone for a while until I got the IPhone 4s. When I went to work the next day everybody was commenting on my phone because they couldn’t believe I got a smart phone and I wondered why I didn’t get the IPhone 5. (Now I have to admit I’m still rocking this IPhone 6 like it’s new). I don’t care. Well Mr hates talking to me while I’m driving. He tells me all the time get rid of that cheap headset! my daughter tells me “mom I can’t hear you in that headset” (ok pretty much everybody keep asking me what did I say)? Everybody is deaf because there is nothing wrong with my headset because I hear great on it. Well Christmas morning one of my gifts was a new headset. So now I don’t have to keep asking “Can you hear me now”?. In conclusion, (I just like the sounds of that) It’s not how much you spend on a gift because I was so happy to see that headset and he was excited to get his gifts too. We finally got this gift thing down.CDL Quizzes & Trivia
Are you ready to hit the road? We have a tank full of quizzes for "Commercial Driver's License". Depending on the vehicle you're planning to drive, you might just need to get this type of license. Whether it's for buses, tractor trailers, or tow trucks; a Commercial Driver's License is a necessity. That's just to name a few by the way. So, do you think you have the tools to acquire".
Top Trending Quizzes
It seems like you are looking for a perfect test to test your knowledge out before the examination. Well, you have come to the right place because we have got many quizzes regarding CDL on our website. Well, for now, this quiz is...
Questions: 45 | Attempts: 18758 | Last updated: Mar 19, 2021
- Sample QuestionTHE COLOR OF CLEARANCE LAMPS ON THE FRONT OF THE VEHICLE MUST BE:
Prepare yourself to get your CDL A license. Become a great truck driver and get your license with ease by practicing the CDL test before you actually take it.
Questions: 55 | Attempts: 32296 | Last updated: Jan 16, 2015
- Sample QuestionWhich of the following is true about how to mark a stopped vehicle?
For you to become or keep being a commercial driver, there is a couple of tests that you must take to ensure that you are well capable of carrying out your job with minimal accidents. Are you getting ready for the CDL pre-trip...
Questions: 26 | Attempts: 12962 | Last updated: Feb 25, 2021
- Sample QuestionWHAT STRUCTURE (THAT SUPPORTS THE FIFTH WHEEL SKID PLATE) SHOULD BE CHECKED FOR CRACKS OR BREAKS?
A combination vehicle is one that connects a tractor to one or more trailers. These vehicles are used to transport heavy objects and, due to their uniqueness, need a different driving license other than the normal commercial one....
Questions: 25 | Attempts: 11657 | Last updated: Mar 12, 2021
- Sample QuestionYou are driving a combination vehicle. If the service air line comes apart but the emergency line stays together, what will happen right away?
Questions: 20 | Attempts: 4882 | Last updated: Feb 22, 2013
- Sample QuestionWhen preparing to do a pre-trip inspection you must check to see that the parking brakes are on and/or chocked.
Recent Quizzes
Welcome; here is a Texas CDL Pre-Trip Inspection Exam Prep Test. The Pre-Trip Inspection is all about examining and analyzing the vehicle and all its systems, such as the vehicle lights, the coupling system, the fuel tanks,...
Questions: 57 | Attempts: 4732 | Last updated: Mar 10, 2021
- Sample QuestionWhat Releases the fifth wheel locking jaw so the trailer can be uncoupled?
Questions: 15 | Attempts: 977 | Last updated: Feb 22, 2013
- Sample QuestionWhat effects can wet brakes cause?
Questions: 15 | Attempts: 2100 | Last updated: Feb 22, 2013
- Sample QuestionWhat are two main things to look for ahead?
Commercial drivers have to get a CDL passenger endorsement so that they can drive busses or transport passengers. For you to get this license you have to pass the exams set. If you are looking for revision material, he quiz...
Questions: 20 | Attempts: 37775 | Last updated: Feb 7, 2019
- Sample QuestionIf your bus has an emergency exit door. It MUST?
If you are looking to get your Hazmat Endorsement for your CDL, start with this DMV Hazmat Test. Newly updated, 2/2012.
Questions: 10 | Attempts: 320 | Last updated: Feb 28, 2012
- Sample QuestionWh"t is the sh"¢e of the ¢l"c"rd required to be ¢l"ced on vehicle when c"rrying 1.1, 1.2 or 1.4 cl"ssific"tions?
Practice for your Florida CDLA, This is test is based upon the Florida June 2011 CDL Handbook. Covers all sections of DMV Handbook except for "Bus Driver", and "Passenger-Transport" Specific Questions.
Questions: 21 | Attempts: 237 | Last updated: Jan 25, 2013
- Sample QuestionSubsection 1.2 - Driver Disqualifications: Q. It is illegal to operate a CMV if your blood alcohol concentration (BAC) is:Joomla SAML 1.1 Service Provider, or SP, function is now supported by SSO Easy. This function is valuable for Joomla customers who desire to enable single sign on within their organization, with their business partners, or both, where there is a need to leverage the SAML 1.1 protocol while acting as the Service Provider, or SP.
SSO Easy provides additional support for PHP and Joomla customers, including support for SAML 2.0, and support for Identity Provider, or SP function.
More information can be found at the SSO Easy web site.Expert Insights
Latest news stories and opinions about the Dental, GP and Care Industries. For your ease of use, we have established categories under which you can source the relevant articles and news items.
NHS Acronyms – Love or Hate?
Ever wonderhow many acronyms are used in General Practice? I did a bit of research and found 200 acronyms and abbreviations available on the NHS (National Health Service) Employers Website. That's a lot of NHS acronyms.
The NHS confederation have over 700 acronyms and abbreviations that are used by the NHS. There is now even an app for all these acronyms!
On a personal note, I don’t particularly love or hate them. However, I do frequently catch myself saying ‘oh no, not another one’ as I try to mentally commit it to memory along with all the others! Love them or hate them though, it is almost essential for your non-clinical staff to know what these mean, in order for them to carry out their job role as efficiently as possible.
How Can Staff (Old and New Alike) Get to Know What These Mean?
Consider including these in staff training or team-building sessions in groups of clinical and non-clinical staff. Make your training enjoyable with mini quizzes and prizes for the team who gets the most correct.
Patients - Do They Know What Acronyms Mean?
I wonder if you or another practice staff member have ever asked a patient if they would like to book their ‘COPD review’ only to be met with a look of complete bewilderment? On the other hand, some patients may have extensive knowledge of acronyms, that may sometimes far outshine some of your staff’s knowledge of them.
Posters, Posters Everywhere
We constantly receive posters to put up around the practice from various agencies, aimed to help staff to remember the many guidances given to us. Why not adopt this aid memoire technique and create your own posters of NHS acronyms? This could be useful at ground level for staff and patients. Generate your own list from the ones that are mostly used in practice. During training sessions, ask your staff to think about additional ones to list.
Want the definitions of more than 200 commonly-used acronyms in General Practice? You can find them on the GMS Acronym Buster.
You can find another list of more general NHS acronyms here: Acronym Buster.
*All information is correct at the time of publishing. Use of this material is subject to your acceptance of our terms and conditions.Some Freetronics devices use top-loading SD card holders, which are better than normal side-loading holders in some situations but can be a little tricky to use if you haven't seen them before. The current model EtherMega (from v3.0 onwards) uses this type of holder. Previous versions used a side-loading holder that requires the SD card to be slid in sideways under the cage.
The top-loading holders look like this:
Step 1: Unlock cage
The cage on the top of the holder slides forwards and backwards to lock and unlock. Slide it towards the back using a fingernail or screwdriver (careful!) to unlock it. It will click into place.
Step 2. Open cage
Once it has been unlocked, the cage will easily swing up and open. If it won't swing, don't force it: you probably haven't unlocked it yet.
Step 3: Insert card
The micro SD card just sits on top of the contacts in the bottom of the holder. It will only fit one way.
Step 4: Close cage
Hinge the cage down over the card.
Step 5: Lock cage
Finally, click the cage forwards again to lock it closed.
Removing the card is just the same sequence in reverse. Easy, once you know how!Posts268
Joined
Last visited
Content Type
Profiles
Forums
Calendar
Store
Downloads
Gallery
Posts posted by francois2605
- 15 hours ago, Swords said:
Thanks Brian that’s good to hear Im still not Sure what makes a million yen two million etc
Steve,
You can read more about the different ways of rating swordsmiths here.
I personally don't pay too much attention to "1 million vs 2 million" comparisons, the value is not absolute: you'll see that some swordsmiths are rated high by someone and low by someone else. Of course it's better if your sword is signed by a highly rated smith but that's a plus, the sword should be considered on its own merits first.
1
Eric Molinier is a super nice french guy from New-York and always very honest when describing items. I consider him one of the most trustworthy sellers of nihonto on eBay. His swords are among the best you can get via eBay.
2
Since someone mentioned the Evangelion sword exhibition, here are some pictures I shot in 2014 while the exhibition was in Paris.
3
1
That was my plan, thanks Barry
I already sent him an email.
OK, that's what I thought. Will find another way to get what I what.
Thanks very much, Jon
1
Do you know if the website accepts selling to foreign customers ? I checked their website and couldn't find any information about this which makes me think they only accept sales to local customers. Has anyone from NMB already bought from this dealer ?
Thanks very much.
Grev, the Dropbox link is dead FYI: it says the file has been deleted
- 6 hours ago, robinalexander said:
Hi Neil, always going to be out of my price range but maybe you could post a couple of pics on the 'Show us your high class gunto' thread?
Rob
He already did here:
I had found a PDF on the Unique Japan website describing a sword exactly similar to his:
1
Yes, it's this sword visible here (on auction tomorrow):
Copying the description below to preserve it.Quote
Shinto wakizashi
Epoque EDO (1603 - 1868)
Signé (mei) : Kunishige
Lame (sugata) : hira zukuri, mitsu mune, bo hi ni tsure hi, un horimono bonji mato kannon sur une face
Motif de forge (hada) : mokume
Trempe (hamon) : hotsure suguha
Pointe (boshi) : o-maru
Fusée (nakago) : ubu keitai, haagari nakagojiri, deux mekugi ana, katte sagari yasurime
Longueur (nagasa) : 35,3 cm
Monture (koshira-e) :
Tsuba fuchi kashira : en suite en shibuichi à décor en katakiri bori des sept sages dans la forêt de bambou. Tsuba et fuchi signés Godai Kiryusai Somin suivi de kao. (Ecole Yokoya, 5e génération)
Kogatana : kozuka en shibuichi et cuivre doré à décor en relief d'un motif kurikara ken ryu (dragon sur un ken), sur fond nanako, le revers à motif dit neko yasuri (griffures de chat), Ecole Goto. La lame ornée d'un bonji et signée Katsuren
Habaki : en cuivre doré et shakudo ciselé d'un dragon parmi les vagues tenant le tama
Kurikata : en shibuichi à motif nanako orné d'un môn daki myo ga (pousses de gingembre), utilisé par la famille Hori de Iida
Menuki : en cuivre doré figurant deux dragons
Fourreau (saya) : en laque alternant des rayures noires ro-iro et des rayures noires à inclusion de fines lamelles de bois, orné de deux môn en cuivre doré : daki myo ga (pousse de gingembre) et ageha no cho (papillon)
Provenance : vente Collection Bakhmeteff, Mes Lair Dubreuil et Bellier, Drouot, 16-18 janvier 1929
Le fondateur de l'école Yokoya, Somin, de son vrai nom Yokoya Chojiro, (1670-1733) avait étudié la la peinture de l'école Kano, et est l'inventeur de la technique du katakiri bori, qui imite des traits de pinceau dans le métal.
Adding some pictures too.
FWIW, I called the french customs and was directed to this page where the procedure for exporting weapons outside EU is described. The page mainly deals with exporting firearms.
I checked multiple times and I believe that for a Japanese sword, there is nothing special to declare. A Japanese sword falls into the category D as per this page (see "Arme historique et de collection").
@Surfson, my work is just a 5-min walk away from Drouot. Let me know if you need help. I never shipped a sword abroad but I don't think you need any paperwork, AFAIK the only reason why this would be needed is if you want to ship ivory.
I will probably have a look to the exposed pieces before the auction on my lunch break
In fact, I found some close-up (before polish) pictures you had posted in earlier threads, I'll post them here for convenience.
The polish makes a huge difference
1
It's a very nice sword, you did well to have it polished
Could you please also post pictures of the sword before the polish ?
I've never been through this process myself and I'd like to see what the sword looked like before and whether it was possible to "predict" the final outcome. I've never considered having a sword polished but maybe your experience will change my mind.1 hour ago, Swords said:
I would put a 2900 price tag.
Do you intend to sell it ?!?
Found older threads with some pictures showing what to look at:
2
1
@watsonmil, your web browser should still be installed on your PC (alongside Chrome). To start it, click on the Windows menu (bottom left of the screen) then when the menu pops up, type "edge", this will narrow the menu selection. At this stage, you should see the "Microsoft Edge" shortcut, just click on it and voila.
Thanks for sharing, I concur that Japanese packagings are the best. I just checked their website and all those pictures of the shop are just excellent, I had no idea sageo were hand-woven. The quality is really top-notch and the sageo pleasant to look at.
Note: this chart is not mine but I can't credit the author since I forgot where I found it on the forum
The tassel is a company-grade one (2nd lieutenant to captain) as per the following chart:
1
How to destroy a sword
in Military Swords of Japan
Posted
This is just awful, the worst being that the offender seems very happy with the end result.5 bar driveway field wooden gate. Used but in very good condition. Hinges, hangers, closing catch and striker included as well as fixings for these accessories. Self closing catch has a lockable feature. The item “5 bar driveway field wooden gate” is in sale since Sunday, October 10, 2021. This item is in the category “Garden & Patio\Garden Fencing, Privacy Screens & Gates\Garden Gates”. The seller is “riea-67″ and is located in Blewbury. This item can’t be shipped, the buyer must pick up the item.
- Type: Driveway Gate
- Material: Wood
- Brand: Barlows of Hermitage
- Items Included: Closer
- Fixings Supplied: Yes
- Features: Lockable
- Finish: Smooth
- Item Width: 240 cm
The Abraaj Group and TPG have completed their investment in Kudu. Financial terms weren’t announced. Kudu is a Saudi Arabian fast-food chain.
PRESS RELEASE
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, 09 April 2015: The Abraaj Group (“Abraaj” or “the Group”), a leading investor operating in global growth markets, and TPG, a leading global private investment firm, today announced the completion of an investment into Kudu, a Saudi Arabian restaurant group with multiple sites and brands across the country. The Sharia-compliant debt investment made by an Abraaj-managed Fund and TPG, through a jointly owned vehicle, will allow the company to enter the next stage of its expansion and continue to set the benchmark for fast food retailing in Saudi Arabia.
Under the leadership of Engineer Abdulmohsen Al Yahya and Engineer Saleh Al Saleh, Founding Chief Executive Officer and Founding Chief Administrative Officer, respectively, Kudu emerged as a leading brand in Saudi Arabia. By identifying consumer trends and tastes and focusing on best in class operations, Engineers Al Yahya and Al Saleh built Kudu into a vertically integrated consumer food service company with a presence in the QSR, fast casual, casual dining and coffee shop/café segments across Saudi Arabia via a portfolio of five brands and over 290 outlets.
The company’s flagship brand, Kudu, is the largest QSR network in Saudi Arabia by store numbers and is well-known for its variety of cooked to order sandwiches, hamburgers, breakfast items, kids’ meals and a variety of side orders and other fast food items and beverages. Conducting the meal preparation process in clear view of the customer is a key component of Kudu’s appeal, giving it a unique edge and dining experience over other QSR restaurants. Kudu’s rigorous staff training and advanced management systems ensure consistently high standards of quality, customer service, reliability and efficiency, making Kudu one of the most recognised fast food brands.
The regional QSR sector is primed for further growth due to the attractive demographics, rising disposable incomes and under-penetration of restaurant chains across the region. The investment by Abraaj and TPG will help Kudu accelerate an expansive store roll out plan and is expected to enable the management to capitalize on operational improvement opportunities and sector know-how, building on the extensive experience of Abraaj and TPG in both the QSR and FMCG space – across the Middle East and globally.
Kudu has put in place a new management team to help the company achieve its rapid expansion strategy with Glen Helton appointed as Chief Executive Officer who brings with him more than 20 years of restaurant experience in the QSR sector, having held senior management positions in global brands such as Burger King and Popeyes.
Ahmed Badreldin, Partner at The Abraaj Group, said: “The region’s highly positive demographic and consumer trends coupled with Kudu’s well-loved brands and broad dining offering positions it to become one of the leading fast food groups in the Middle East restaurant sector. We hope to accelerate that growth working alongside TPG and the Kudu management team.”
Ramzi Gedeon, Partner at TPG, said: “We are excited about investing in Kudu and are particularly attracted to the company’s strong brand within the attractive Saudi Quick Service Restaurant market. We look forward to working with Abraaj and Kudu’s management to support the company’s ambitious future plans.”This bouquet is also available arranged in a vase in our Soft and Serene Collection
A dreamy bouquet of white flowers is a comforting reminder of your love. The lush arrangement of soft colors is delivered wrapped and ready for the recipient to place into their own vase
Flowers include lily, roses, alstromeria and daisy,.
We only use the freshest flowers available on the day your gift is created, therefore some variations will occur.
Meet the Farmers
Substitution Policy Delivery InformationI am a 2nd generation self-storage professional. My dad started in self-storage after being in the restaurant business his entire career. My first experience with self-storage was when I was a teenager, I would go clean out self-storage units to help managers keep their property clean.
What got me excited about the business was the transformation I saw in my Dad. In the restaurant business, my dad worked crazy hours and although he always made time for family, he was always responding to emergencies and it took a toll on him, its a tough business with a lot of stress. When he moved to self-storage he had more time, less stress, and he was happy with his work.
I decided since it was good for my dad I would give self-storage a try and my next job was as an Assistant Manager. After a couple of months, everyone said I was good at this and ready to be a store manager. I thought to myself I can’t be in charge of an entire store.
My first day as a Store Manager I will never forget. I was given the worst-performing store in the district and was asked to turn it around. I was introduced to my Assistant Manager, and it was my first experience of being a leader. When I told him my plans for the store and saw the eagerness in his eyes, I understood the power of leadership. In 6 months the Assistant Manager and I turned around the store, grew the occupancy from 50% to 90%, and doubled the revenue. Since that time, I have had almost every job in the storage business.
I have been applying the same principles of leadership as I did on my first day as a Store Manager. I invite you to reach out to chat with me and get to know one another.
Corey Ward
Managing Partner
Need help with day to day operations? Want some advice and direction on how to improve your operations? Spacebox Management offers a menu of self storage consulting options at reasonable costs.Annotation SDK / ActiveX imaging toolkit SDK/ActiveX Features:
- Multi-layer annotation - annotations can be assigned to specific layers
- Create Automated Annotation
- Internet ready ActiveX control
-:
- Clickable Hyperlink
- Line
- Arrow
- Arrow shape
- Ellipse
- Rectangle
- Whiteout
- Freehand
- Rubber Stamp
- Metafile Stamp
- Bitmap Objects
- User-Defined Custom Object
- Editable single line Textbox
- Editable MultilineTextbox
- Interactive Signature
- Static Signature
- Editable Date & Time
- Interactive Checkbox
- Tooltip for objects
- Rounded Rectangle
- Note
- Text
- Highlight
- 1D and 2D Barcodes including QR, DataMatrix, PDF417
Annotation Properties:
The following properties can be set for Black Ice Annotation Objects:
- Text Color
- Text Font Typeface and Style
- Border Line Drawing and Border Thickness
- Horizontal Text Alignment
- Vertical Text Alignment
- Default text for controls
- Custom Tooltips for Objects
- Background Color
- Launch URL when clicked
- Orientation
- Object Transparency
- Line Width
- Arrow Type
- Start Application when clicked
- Send message/custom message when clickedParents everywhere understand the amazing amount of mess any young child can and, let’s face it, WILL make when we turn our heads for mere seconds. In a room where there are large portions of powdery, sticky, crumbly, and sharp materials, why would we ever attempt to even let them in the kitchen in the first place?!
Two words: BRAIN DEVELOPMENT. It may be difficult to set aside our deep, dark, grown up frustrations for a moment and ignore the flour on the floor while we consider this information fully. Alas, we will because those little ones are the most important treasures in our lives.
Cooking brings together so many of the real-life experiences our precious preschoolers need to make new brain connections. Before you think this is a one and done deal—it’s not. Repeated exposure to these real-life experiences will strengthen those connections to be lasting for use in later life.
Let’s get into the batter of the matter. What are creating in the kitchen besides neurons and a headache?
-Reasoning skills (how, what, and why?)
-An ability to follow directions
-Sensory input (textures, smells, tastes, etc.)
-Relating cooking experience and family meals with love
-Major and minor muscle strength, dexterity, and motions
-Culture and traditions
So, remember, as you are wiping jelly off your face and wondering if there could possibility be more mess, it is worth it!COVID Partner Response
The world we live in, while often turbulent, has been turned on its head with the coronavirus upending daily life. The impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic continue to reverberate within our homes, neighborhoods, schools and workplaces. Through these trying times, standing up for one another is how we stand together. And in that spirit, LG Electronics USA is proud to help millions of families across America come together and support each other.
LG has been working with experts in the fields of health, social & emotional well-being, and education to deliver science-based and curriculum-approved resources to help millions of students practice sustainable happiness skills for life-long social and emotional well-being. Now, much of our Experience Happiness partners’ curriculum is available digitally so educators and parents are able to teach sustainable happiness at home. During these times of crisis, we want to share with you some of these same resources that benefit youth and adults alike.
Inner Explorer
CASEL
Discovery Education
Discovery Education has created a new communications channel within Discovery Education’s educators and parent portal to help explain the on-going crisis to their students and children. They are also creating a weekly parent resource, DailyDE, to provide free grade appropriate learning activity for every day of the week.
Greater Good Science Center
Focused on science-based insights for a meaningful life, the Greater Good Science Center at UC Berkeley has launched a series of content specifically for students, parents, teachers and anyone that has been impacted by the crisis.[Date Prev][Date Next][Thread Prev][Thread Next][Date Index][Thread Index]
RE: st: Interpretation of regressionmodel of ln-transformed variable 05, 2008 1:49 AM
To: statalist@hsphsun2.harvard.edu
Subject: Re: st: Interpretation of regressionmodel of ln-transformed
variable
--- roland andersson <rolandersson@gmail.com> wrote:
> It is also difficult to imaging that there should be censoring
> for conditions that normally need 1 to 7 days of hospital visit.
Ok, sounds reasonable.
> Following your example I have made this model
>
> xi:regress lnLOS lapscopic i.appdgn age agesq cons, eform("exp(b)")
> nocons
>
> and get this result
>
> lnLOS exp(b) [95% Conf. Interval]
> lapscopic 1.018056 1.004532 1.031762
> _Iappdgn2_1 1.850726 1.824841 1.876978
> _Iappdgn2_3 1.174283 1.147247 1.201956
> age .9852508 .9841405 .9863623
> agesq 1.000275 1.000261 1.000289
> cons 2.208685 2.168225 2.2499
>
> I now understand that the exp(b) is a multiplicator, ie that open
> appendectomy has a geometric mean LOS of 2.21 days whereas
> laparoscopic patients have 1.02*2.21=2.25 days or 0.04 days longer
> geometric mean LOS. Is it correct to recalculate the CI of this
> difference as 2.21-1.0045*2.21=0.01 and 2.21-1.032*2.21=0.07?
In that case I would use -adjust- and -nlcom- like in the example
below:
*--------------- begin example --------------------------
sysuse cancer, clear
gen ln_t = ln(studytime)
gen cons = 1
xi: reg ln_t i.drug age cons, nocons eform("exp(b)")
adjust _Idrug_3=0 age, by(_Idrug_2) exp ci
sum age if e(sample)
nlcom exp((_b[cons] + _b[age]*`r(mean)')+ _b[_Idrug_2]) - ///
exp((_b[cons] + _b[age]*`r(mean)'))
*---------------- end example ---------------------------
Notice that the difference in LOS now depends on the values of the
other explanatory variables. These other variables define the baseline
LOS (in your case the LOS for someone who received an open
appendectomy). So if you haven't mean centered age, then the difference
in geometric mean LOS you reported applies to newly born babies. You
can report the difference in geometric mean LOS for someone of average
age either by first mean centering age (subtract the mean age from the
variable age as I did in the example in my previous post), or take mean
age into account like in the example:
*
*
*Lloyds of London chief executive Inga Beale said the insurance market was looking into the best way it can help facilitate the transition to a low-carbon economy.
Lloyd’s of London is facing pressure from climate change groups to rewrite its rule book so that insurers no longer insure risky coal projects. The insurance market has already promised to distance itself from fossil fuels in April, but pressure groups are urging Inga Beale, the chief executive, to do more to drive change. Environmental organisations wrote to Ms Beale last week urging her to change the rules insurance companies must abide by to be members of the Lloyd’s market, the aim being to put insurers off trying to fill the gap which the exit of others from the sector has left. In a letter seen by The Telegraph, ClientEarth warns that coal creates huge risks so any Lloyd’s insurers refusing to cut ties with coal companies should be made to pay “extraordinary scrutiny” to the asset.
The insurance market could make this happen by adding a “robust assessment” into its rule book for members, the group said, arguing that the market’s changing investment policy needs to be meaningful and exclude key coal companies.
Ms Beale told The Telegraph that Lloyd’s was currently looking into “the best way” it can help the world move to a low carbon economy, adding that she was working closely with the relevant market associations. Insurers pulled more than $20bn (£15.2bn) from coal companies in the two years to November. The Unfriend Coal campaign has argued that insurers have the power to shift money away from coal and towards clean energy given they manage around $31 trillion of assets and certain projects cannot run without insurance cover. Peter Bosshard, the Unfriend Coal coordinator, said last year that if insurers cease to cover coal projects, power plants cannot be built and existing operations will have to shut down.
Worldwide, companies are reducing reliance on coal-fired power, which is the biggest single source of carbon dioxide emissions from humans.Savarona
If you make sure that you slumber even though docked in the bay, you are probably to get a considerably greater night’s sleep then if you’re rolling on the high seas. Try to keep on the boat as considerably as you can, only likely ashore to see the ruins. The very best times to travel are early morning or late afternoon – the weather will be cooler and the sea will be smoother. For swimming, the sea is warmer at the finish of summer season than in the time all around spring, so September can be a great time for people who are scared of a little chilly drinking water!
Make sure you ebook ahead
And constantly with a reliable agent. Whilst the Turkish are rightly famed for their extraordinary hospitality, like anywhere in the world there will usually be a couple of cowboys. Protection is very crucial on a boat, do not journey with any person who appears to be reducing corners or does not know what they’re performing. Often remember that the internet is your pal – store around, go through evaluations and decide a tour that you truly feel pleased with. Final minute offers when you are in Turkey can be asking for difficulty.
Sailing Turkey on a gulet is an unforgettable knowledge where you get the opportunity to discover the beauties of the Turkish coastlines. You can encounter the gulet vacations Turkey with warm water and memorable sights of a most desirable nation.
A Turkish gulet is a sailing yacht produced up of wooden and powered with a motor. These Turkey gulets have tall sails also as a secondary indicates to go in drinking water. Turkish Gulet Cruises are arranged on a rental foundation with varied time duration. The services usually incorporate libraries, air conditioning, personal cabins, major cabin catering dining desk and bar.
In addition to that, there is an energetic, pleasant and properly-skilled crew on a Turkish gulet to share the allure of the nearby location. The contemporary Turkey gulets also have showers and very hot drinking water amenities. In addition to this gulets, have present day gizmos like navigational, fishing and diving equipments along with songs techniques.
Turkey currently being a place with impressive seashores has so a lot to check out. By land you would have to commit extended several hours of grueling road travel. However, there is an straightforward way to get distress, energy and anxieties out of your vacations, just by opting for gulet holidays in Turkey.
Sailing Turkey on a gulet is extremely soothing, as you really don’t have to hassle about movement from a single spot to yet another. The professional crew steers and maintains the gulet even though supplying you with full privateness all alongside the cruise.
Most of the Turkey gulets are developed with holiday seasons in brain. They are tailor-produced to cater everyone’s prerequisite. There are indoor as properly as outside saloons in which you can sit, sunlight bathe and see the surroundings shift past. It’s making the most of nature at its ideal.
You can chose the size and sorts of routines you want for your getaway journey on a Turkish gulet. You can as for every your prerequisite decide on a limited cruise with less activities or a longer journey with a lot more items to do.Minneapolis-St. Paul/Central Minnesota Festivals & Events/Winter Sports/City Life/Wineries & Breweries Lists
Select all that apply.
- Ideal for Social Distancing
- Family Fun
- Romance
- City Life X
- Road Trips & Scenic Byways
- Things to Do
Select all that apply.
- Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
- Southern Minnesota
- Northeast Minnesota
- Central Minnesota X
Currently showing:We are waiting for you:
24-hour service
Design of impact stone crus her machine. T esfaye O. T erefe Getaw A. Tefera. Abstract Crushers are one of the main equipment used for reducing size in metallurgical mechanical and other.
Browse 185 stone crusher stock photos and images available or start a new search to explore more stock photos and images. El Rastra.Illustration shows two prospectors sitting before a mule-powered mill used to crush stones called el rastra.
stone crusher in germany photo. See photos of Germany including Munich the Berlin Wall and Bavaria in this photo gallery from National Geographic.Find great deals on eBay for Stone Crusher in Modern Manufacture Diecast Cars Trucks and Vans..
Find Stone Crusher stock images in HD and millions of other royalty-free stock photos illustrations and vectors in the Shutterstock collection. Thousands of new high-quality pictures added every day.
Stone crusher and conveyor belt sorting rock material. quarry. mining industry. rock crusher stock pictures royalty-free photos amp images.
limestone quarry with modern crushing and screening equipment..
Mar 09 2015 Kraag Stone-Crusher - the 7ft Essential Nord One Handed Warrior Follower is waiting at the Windpeak Inn Dawnstar wearing some basic farm clothes.
US3140057A US175404A US17540462A US3140057A US 3140057 A US3140057 A US 3140057A US 175404 A US175404 A US 175404A US 17540462 A US17540462 A US 17540462A US 3140057 A US3140057 A US 3140057A Authority US United States Prior art keywords jaw plate crusher plates grooves Prior art date 1962-02-26 Legal status The legal status is an assumption and is not a legal.
download pdf of rk jain mechanical engineering for competition India. Shanghai XSM download pdf of r k jain mechanical engineering for competition India is professional manufacturer the main production stone crusher machine.
Browse 185 stone crusher stock photos and images available or start a new search to explore more stock photos and images. El Rastra.Illustration shows two prospectors sitting before a mule-powered mill used to crush stones called el rastra.
Download granite quarry - stock pictures and images in the best photography agency reasonable prices millions of high quality and royalty-free stock photos and images.. Wall of modern diamond open mine - abstract background. Quarry inert materials for the construction industry. Industrial crusher - rock stone crushing machine. Aerial..
Aggregate - stock photos and images. Quarry aggregate with heavy duty machinery. Caterpillar loader Excavator with backhoe driving to construction site quarry. Pile of small basalt stones stacked on white.
small primary electric coal stone quarry hammer mill crusher diesel granite rock limestone jaw crusher stone crushing machine 1125.00-1215.00 Set 1250.00-1350.
Browse 11563 open mine stock photos and images available or search for mining or quarry to find more great stock photos and pictures. aerial shooting at the construction site. - open mine stock pictures royalty-free photos amp images. new cobar gold mine - open mine stock pictures royalty-free photos amp images..
Home Rock Crushing Plant simple image diagram of gyotery crusher modern marvels clip gyratory rock crusher simple image diagram of gyotery crusher. Read more. screening and crushing equipment pictures - India. screening and crushing equipment pictures Mining crushers mainly include jaw crusher cone crusher impact crusher mobile crusher.Crime / shooting Killer on Loose in Virginia After Mysterious Shooting Man shoots music teacher, caregiver By Kevin Spak, Newser Staff Posted Feb 7, 2014 10:16 AM CST Copied An Alexandria Police Dept. squad car is seen in this file photo. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) (Newser) – A manhunt is currently underway in Alexandria, Virginia, for a man who shot two women—whom he apparently didn't know—in broad daylight. A balding, gray-bearded man in a suit knocked on a door at 11:30am yesterday, witnesses told police. When 59-year-old music teacher Ruthanne Lodato opened the door, he shot her, as well as a caregiver inside the home, and then fled, CBS DC reports. Lodato died at the hospital soon after, but the caregiver is expected to survive. story continues below Now, detectives are looking into the possibility that the killing could be connected to the still-baffling murder of regional transportation planner Ronald Kirby, the Washington Post reports. Kirby was shot in his home in broad daylight three months ago, nothing was stolen, there was no sign of forced entry—and he lived just about a mile away from Lodato. Police are using dogs and helicopters to hunt for Lodato's killer. Six area schools have also been put on lockdown. (Read more shooting stories.)1/5 Terrible
Linda
Travelled with partner
25 Oct 2021
Disliked: Cleanliness, amenities, property conditions & facilities
Where do i start, exterior rendering, windows paint work shocking peeling rotting. Problem with door keys so a very long queue to sign in, got to the room decor very dated, curtains hanging off the pole, ceiling stained and patched, toe nails on the carpet, cobwebs everywhere, cold tap in the bathroom constantly running keeping you awake, had to jam a bar of soap under it to stop it. Kept awake by people above banging around then woken up both mornings with kids running up and down the hallways screaming as if it was a playground. Breakfast bacon dry and inediable, sausages under cooked, scrambled eggs one solid mass no covers over any of it so flies and people coughing all over it. Also would be nice to have a small fridge in the room and a couple of glasses. Faulty Towers springs to mind.
Stayed 2 nights in Oct 2021The Mick Schafer Band
February Wrap Up with Mick Schafer
February 2019 will be a month Mick Schafer will never forget. Starting vocal training with esteemed vocal coach Thomas Baylock has been inspiring and it has set Mick on the road to being a better singer.. His singers include concert, opera, musical theatre, and popular artists in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Portland, Chicago, Vienna, London, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Munich, Hamburg, Paris, Moscow, Tokyo and other cities around the world. Keb Mo and Curtis Salgado are two of Mr. Blaylock’s students that really inspired Mick’s decision to take vocal coaching.
One of the most important lessons Mick has learned from working with Mr. Blaylock is committing to a daily vocal exercise that will help Mick hold a note longer. Stay tuned for updates on Mick's Vocal Training Updates.
Also if you missed any of Mick's social media posts from February here are some below.
February is here and way exciting because now we get to learn from one of the best voice coaches anywhere, Thomas Blaylock. Too much happened to post now but Mick got to sit where Curtis Salgado and Keb Mo sat with Tom Blaylock upping their skills. Much more to come. Stay tuned.#mickschaferband #pdxmusic #mondaymotivation#musician #music #learning #voicecoach#musicianlife
Tom Blaylock asked Mick what needed attention. Mick said his voice gets muffled during performances. When Tom found out the Shure 58 mic was involved, he recommended the Sennheiser e835 made by Sennheiser. That mic is already on its way. You can read about it at: #mickschaferband #pdxmusic #wisdomwednesday#musician #music #learning
Continuing Our Learning Journey to be a Better Vocalist, our second meeting with voice coach, Tom Blaylock gets real.
Voice coach, Tom Blaylock's style is very relaxed with a lot of natural curiosity about what Mick was bringing to the table. He listened to 3 different tracks from our One Silken Scarf Album and seemed intrigued by the eclectic nature of mixing genres and how the voice tied it together.
Tom Blaylock's Voice Gym. After a bit of testing with sung vowel sounds Tom Blaylock and Mick launched into singing while doing a breathing exercise. One hand on the stomach to make sure the diaphragm was doing its proper job and off we went. Mick was impressed that Tom was singing the exercise with him! Somehow that got Mick to let go more and really belt it out.
The first visit to Thomas Blaylock's NW Institute of Voice was pretty exciting. Mick stood outside the entrance door a little intimidated as he heard powerful operatic singing coming from inside. A few minutes early and not sure of entering protocol, he waited. In a few minutes Tom Blaylock opened the door and said "I could feel you outside the door." Later Mick realized that the next appointment just walks in and sits down in the foyer which is open to the practice room. Once the woman ahead of him (who was preparing for an audition in New York) was done, they had a brief exchange and it was Mick's turn to approach the piano where Tom conducts from. One never knows who one will run in to at Tom Blaylock's!
"Looking for great music at Music Millennium reminded me of one great story from my Voice Coach Thomas Blaylock about his work with Keb' Mo'. Keb came for help because he wanted to sing "more in the pocket." Later Bonnie Raitt noticed the improvement and let Tom know. I realize I am in good hands with my Coach." Mick
Want to share the video from this amazing article from Portland Notes "MICK SCHAFER BRINGS IT HOME TO CLARK’S BISTRO AND PUB" Portland Notes FEBRUARY 19, 2019 by PAUL LANKOW
What a great combination from Saturday night! Mick Schafer, Colin Hogan and Brian Link honing their chops on the Tom Waits cover "Make it Rain" at the Prosperity Pie Shoppe. Thank you Jack Allen for the video!
In Mick's quest to be a better singer, he wants to understand about singing in the pocket so Renowned Vocal Coach Tom Blaylock clarifies the importance of singing the consonants ahead of the beat.
Mick Schafer learning vocal exercises at Tom Blaylock's Studio. The daily practice has been established with Tom Blaylock's help and encouragement. Mick's voice is going to the gym.How To Make Your Trip To Durban More Enjoyable With A Cheap Car Rental
How To Make Your Trip To Durban More Enjoyable With A Cheap Car Rental. It is rightly said that ‘a stitch in time saves nine’. The same concept can be applied when you are looking for cheap car rental in Durban. Durban is a beautiful city comprised of wonderful sightseeing, attractive places, and historic monuments. Being one of the top travel destinations in the world, it offers brilliant infrastructure to visitors. But, you should make prior arrangements before arriving in this city, especially during peak season.
Like hotel accommodation and flight tickets, car rental services are also an integral part of your travel plan.
Having your own vehicle is altogether a different experience for tourist coming to this city. It becomes easier to explore every part of the city and its nearest excursions with this vehicle, especially when travelling with family and kids. It not only benefits in the terms of trip enjoyment but also offers substantial cost savings.
The best advantages of booking a car online are:
Availability:
When you book a car online with reputable car rental services, you can rest assured about the availability of the vehicle. A trustworthy car company never wavers on it’s commitments and provides the car need on your arrival. If the vehicle booked by you is unavailable for any reason, they will arrange for a similar car or an upgraded version to make your journey more comfortable. Booking in advance is also beneficial in terms of expenses. You can grab a cheap car rental in Durban with the help of professional staff and local travel knowledge.
No Waiting:
Durban witnesses a huge footfall of tourists throughout the year. Without prior booking, you may have to wait for hours at the airport getting a car. It may ruin your entire plan and may not allow a thorough exploration of the city. But if you book a car online, you get special privilege and priority in allotment of the vehicles. On arrival, you can grab keys immediately and drive away to your destination within a few minutes.
Wide Range of Selection:
When booking a car online, the fleet operators offer the entire range of cars available within their fleet. You can select a small size vehicle or an SUV according to your itinerary and budget. You can also select extra optional services like a GPS and child safety seats at discounted prices if required.
Lastly, a cheap car rental in Durban can enrich your trip to this wonderful city with affordability and efficiency.Peak scaling, ladder climbing, podium mounting. Hell, even ruling the world.
Must be brilliant being a young person in these heady ain’t-no-mountain-high-enough times. Apparently, each and every bairn, tween and teen has it in them to bulldoze barriers of class, circumstance and even apathy to reach for the stars when it comes to fulfilling their inbuilt potential. Good work, kids.
Except that’s all bollocks, innit. Bollocks, but most def flavour of the month. This flawed potential policy is all the rage in the corridors of power and in the children’s services sector. Yup, received wisdom currently doing the rounds here in Scotland is that we can (and should) build a country where every child can reach his or her full potential.
Nice idea, but really?
As someone who works alongside some truly amazing folks doing incredible work for young ‘uns being brought up in poverty or adversity, I genuinely doff my hat to their think big agenda. But while this climb-any-mountain sentiment is admirably aspirational, the hardened Glaswegian cynic in me says nah. For me, this whole idea of achieving full potential is not only philosophically and socially flimsy, and subject to the whims of fashionable thinking, but like aiming to lose 3 stone before Christmas, it’s an ambition doomed to failure.
What’s more, it’s just not fair on the weans. Policy and philosophy which commits us to helping children work towards their potential is one thing, and you can count me in 100% for that goal, but it’s alarming how quickly a subtle shift in language and interpretation has begun to sound like we are making promises about fulfilling potential which we just can’t meet. I’m not up for thwarting ambition, no way, but raising expectation to dizzying heights is just plain daft.
I mean, come on. How many of us will ever reach our FULL potential? It’s hard enough to work out what you want to be when you grow up, let alone begin to understand who you are and what drives you. Dunno about you, but I’m nowhere near reaching levels I might have achieved if circumstances, effort, encouragement and income been different at critical life stages. And anyway, how much does reaching one’s FULL potential actually matter? Might it not be safer, and more realistic, to support young people to find the bloody mountains in the first place before suggesting that they can traverse the most tricky routes and summit even the most inaccessible peaks?
As someone who mentors young people living lives very much less privileged than my own, my preferred approach is to help them understand that they’ve got potential in the first place. It’s both heart-breaking and madly frustrating that we, a wealthy, modern nation still have so many young ‘uns who don’t have a scooby about the potential for any kind of life beyond their own wee, and sometimes seriously cloudy and impenetrable, bubbles. So believe me, I’m all for bursting bubbles and opening up vistas. And I’m definitely up for thinking big and bold when it comes to young lives. But I’m simply not prepared to buy into any phoney you-can-be-anything-you-want-to-be premise. Because that bit’s just bollocks.
What I will do, kids, is carry on as a determined bubble-burster. If aiming high is your thing, I’ll walk some of the way with you, and maybe even give you the odd shove upwards. But if you’re a bit prone to wandering around in the dark, hitting dead ends or getting hopelessly lost, I’ll bring the map and the torch. There’s always another path for potential.Trains in Toulon are 40% cheaper than in Cardiff.
A meal in Toulon is 10% cheaper than a meal in Cardiff.
A taxi in Toulon costs roughly the same as in Cardiff.
Coffee in Toulon is 52% cheaper than in Cardiff.
Are you excited for an amazing trip from Cardiff to Tou!In this photo taken June 21, 2017, a razor-wire fence is shown around a recreation yard at the Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma, Wash., during a media tour of the facility. The federal facility, operated under contract by The GEO Group, is used to house people detained on immigration and other violations.(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren)AP Photo/Ted S. Warren
Advocacy groups are suing U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and asking for the release of immigrants detained in the Tacoma Northwest Detention Center who are more vulnerable to the spread of COVID-19.
The lawsuit -- filed by the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project, the American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Washington -- argues people who are older or have underlying medical conditions are at an increased risk of being infected with the virus while at the detention center, where people are likely in close quarters and unable to practice the social distancing officials have advised.“He was the real star of the show”: Dan + Shay bring young fan onstage to sing “I Should Probably Go to Bed”
ABC Dan + Shay are spilling all the details of how they invited a young fan to sing with them at a recent show in Kansas City. In a Twitter thread, the Grammy winning duo shares how, when theyGeorgia says it’s going to be tallying, by hand, nearly 5 million ballots that were cast in its very close presidential election on Nov. 3.
It's a bit confusing, but essentially county election offices over the next week will be counting every ballot again — only this time by hand — to confirm the accuracy of the election.
Experts say it's likely some discrepancies will surface. They say final vote tallies may different, and that's OK given the large number of ballots being counted a second time using an entirely different method.
State election officials say the point of the audit is to show the scanners counted ballots properly. It was not prompted by any allegations of fraud.Abstract
Objective: This study aims to evaluate the clinical characteristics of patients with postoperative ulcerative colitis developing extremely early-onset pouchitis within 4 weeks of restoration of gastrointestinal continuity. Material and Methods: This retrospective study involved 225 consecutive patients from January 2000 to May 2011 who underwent ileal pouch-anal anastomosis for ulcerative colitis with a minimum follow-up of 12 months. Extremely early-onset pouchitis was defined as pouchitis developing within 4 weeks of restoration of gastrointestinal continuity. Patients with pouchitis were divided into extremely early-onset pouchitis and non-extremely early-onset pouchitis groups for comparison. Results: Of 212 patients who met the inclusion criteria, 62 had pouchitis (29. 2 %). Eight (3. 8 %) patients developed extremely early-onset pouchitis. There was a significant difference in the dosage of steroid per month just before colectomy between the two groups (P = 0. 039). The modified Pouchitis Disease Activity Index score for patients with extremely early-onset pouchitis was higher than in patients with non-extremely early-onset pouchitis (P = 0. 0009). The occurrence of extremely early-onset pouchitis was associated with the development of chronic pouchitis (P = 0. 0056). Conclusion: Extremely early-onset pouchitis may be related to high steroid dosages before colectomy and may be more severe than pouchitis that occurs >4 weeks after restoration of gastrointestinal continuity.
All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) codes
- Surgery
- GastroenterologyThe Web performs an important function in serving to us proportion concepts, ideas, and a technique to ship our voice to a broader target market. As an example, if you’re a blogger, you’ll be able to proportion how you’re feeling about ‘French-cuisine’ or ‘one-foot island’ with loads of hundreds of thousands of other people simply by importing it to your web site or social media.
A weblog is a brilliant position to start out a enterprise, however if you’re new to the net global or don’t have a lot enjoy in CSS or HTML, the theory of constructing one can also be daunting. WordPress is a brilliant answer for this. With hundreds of unfastened and paid subject matters, you’ll be able to make a qualified and stylish web site and not using a coding enjoy.
This newsletter is all about discovering a really perfect WordPress theme on your blogs; underneath I’ve indexed some paid and unfastened WordPress subject matters that can help you to constitute your weblog precisely you need.
Baseline – (paid $49)
The Baseline theme is a paid, business-focused prebuilt WordPress web site for each small and medium-sized companies. It makes use of SiteOrigin’s web site pack for the six pre-built pages together with a weblog. It’s a WordPress plugin that mechanically installs the theme, different plugins, and content material you want to start out a weblog.
There’s a carousel at the homepage, and a slideshow with a “name to motion” buttons, which you’ll be able to use to control your newest posts. Plus, the theme additionally comprises different pages together with about us, our procedure, Phrases of carrier, and a touch web page with a Google map. Additional, you’ll be able to customise your theme with shortcodes and CSS.
If you wish to release a weblog with a phenomenal mag taste theme; pay $49 and get 12 months of theme give a boost to and updates.
Moreover, there are lots of manufacturers at the web site PennySaviour, from the place you’ll be able to purchase those subject matters at substantial reductions.
Foodica— (Paid $69)
If you’re a foodie blogger like me, then Foodica is the theme for you. This WordPress theme with trendy options {and professional} give a boost to it’s best for developing meals blogs, magazines, and recipe internet sites.
It comes with six colour schemes red, darkish yellow, blue, darkish inexperienced, and lightweight inexperienced, so you’ll be able to make a selection which works your tastes and branding. Plus, it comprises two fantastic choices the Theme Choices Panel by which you’ll be able to alternate each and every element of your theme and the Recipe Shortcodes, which might be customized shortcodes that mean you can create scrumptious recipes temporarily. Additionally, you’ll be able to additionally upload the colour and font of your possible choices the use of Visible Customizer.
The theme is slightly dear at $69. So, if you’re tight on price range, you’ll be able to purchase equivalent meals running a blog subject matters from Template Monster at a cut price.
Writing (paid $39)
Writing is modest, intuitive, responsive, and blank. The theme means that you can focal point on simply your content material by way of caring for the remainder.
Writing additionally means that you can succeed in a much broader target market by way of being search engine marketing pleasant. Anything else you write will succeed in the right kind target market and be displayed in a phenomenal approach. Simply set up it at $39 and get your weblog in a position.
Cenote (Unfastened)
Cenote is a user-friendly, gorgeous, and easy-to-understand WordPress theme that assists in keeping your content material energetic and thrilling. It’s extremely adaptable permitting you to create any weblog from food-oriented ones to type blogs or even pictures.
The theme is search engine marketing pleasant and gives you the main colour choices so you’ll be able to make a choice a colour consistent with your theme emblem and emblem, and that colour will praise your blogs by way of reflecting in menus, buttons, and hyperlinks, and many others.
Gist (Unfastened)
Gist is likely one of the best-crafted WordPress subject matters. It’s absolute best for information, magazines, and particularly blogs. This theme is extremely responsive, cross-browser appropriate, and is derived with typography, fonts, and colour choices.
The carousel choices, sticky menus, seek choices, and quite a lot of headers structure assist you to arrange your content material in a greater approach. The theme is to be had at no cost obtain. Additionally, you’ll be able to get complicated options within customizer and widgets with Gist Professional model.
The put up Best Free and Paid WordPress Themes for Bloggers gave the impression first on Torque.WordPress AgencyCommunication Arts Magazine 51st Annual Photography competition winner and published in the July / August photo annual issue
Earlier this year I entered a photography competition for the first time. It is in a magazine called Communication Arts, and this is their 51st annual photography competition. The magazine, often seen lying around in studios, is heralded as the most influential publication for art directors and creative directors and has world-wide distribution.
I was incredibly excited and honored when I got the email a few weeks back announcing that […]The Great Rocket Challenge
Compete in a design challenge to bid on a NASA rocket contract, complete with test launch! Plan, budget, build, and test a rocket to see which team has what it takes to win the contract. Work cooperatively in teams to use math, engineering, and interpersonal skills to compete for the grand prize. Great for team-building!
Language
Currency
US$
At least 0 pcs, please select new size or adjust quantity
Adding to cart succeed
0 item(s) in cart, Subtotal: US$ 0 cardigans are perfect to pair with t-shirt and jeans
Your email:
Do you want other colors:
Other inquiry:
We'll send your to first when the item is arrival
Average Rating
LC2541089-3
color:blue
size:s
I absolutely love this sweater I’ve been looking for those Pinterest trending button up cropped long sleeves and this is it!!!
Feb 23, 2021Two small glass figural Christmas ornaments from 1970s Czechoslovakia. The peacock is 2-1/2" high, colorfully painted on both sides with lots of ribbing and stippling. The other embossed oval ornament is an eagle on a shield of some sort, I'm not sure what the shape is called. It's 2 inches high with lots of embossing. Both ornaments are in very good vintage condition with no damage.
ITEM ID
8161
ITEM TYPE
Vintage
Copperton Lane Antiques and Collectibles
Czech Eagle Shield and Peacock Glass Christmas Ornaments
$29
Add to CartEmail Shop Owner
2 other shoppers are interested in this item
Specializing in antique and vintage Christmas all year round, plus antique to Mid-Century copper.
since 2002
calculating shipping...Mother Nature has frequently managed to surprise us in the most spectacular and dramatic ways, and its fascinating moments are far from over. While a close encounter with a giant blue whale is already a sight to behold, one extremely lucky wildlife photographer got even more.
For the 36-year-old marine photographer, Tanakit Suwanyangyaun was a dream come true when he finally got the chance to take some snaps of the largest mammal that ever lived on our planet – the blue whale. Tanakit has traveled from Sri Lanka to Maldives, when the majestic creature got close enough to his boat. Initially, Tanakit took some underwater pictures of the massive mammal, but then it got out of water to blow. That’s when the photographer was left open-mouthed.
“We wanted to explore the area to search for blue whales who are the largest living thing on our planet,” the Bangkok-based photographer told Caters. “I only ever wanted to see them underwater and did not expect to be so close to them.”
And the moment was surreal. The way the water splashes and the light creates an optical illusion. It appears the massive creature is actually blowing a rainbow heart.
“The size is beyond my wildest imagination and this shot was so lucky as it captured the breath that looked like a rainbow,” the photographer said. “Sometimes you need to be patient and wait for nature to surprise you. I’m proud to be able to capture unique moments like this and share it with the world.”
(Featured image credits MERCURY PRESS)Some orders may be delayed up to 2 weeks. Please contact us to find out more..
..CHICNOW I Love You to The Moon and Back Family Tree of Life Floating Charms Memory Locket Necklace with Created Birthstone Gifts for Mom Pendant Necklaces Necklace zolbnBKJf
- Product Code: zolbnBKJf
- Availability: In Stock
- $60.92 $20.23
Necklace Design
Our womens charm necklace features a dual-face design with rhinestones on one side and featuring word ' I love you to the moon and back ' on the other. Whats moreyou can open up the locket easy and add your own charmsinitialsor memorabilia.
Mothers Day Gifts
Perfect mothers day gifts! Wonderful Christmas gift birthday gifts for momThis floating charm necklace is a special gifts for momgrandma giftsmother-in-law giftsdaughterwifeor Turn Green
This chain Made of Alloy100% Handmade Lead FreeNickel Free Eco-friend AlloyIt will never fade and is not allergy for your skinsuitable for sensitive skinsno harm to health.
Service Guarantee
We strives to provide good item and service for all our customersIf you receive a broken item or have any questionsplease be free to contact uswe will free replacement a new one or full refund to you . We offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee because customer first.
Perfect gifts for mom - The family tree of life birthstone designsymbolizes the cycle of lifewhich represents the love and connection between our families and ourselves. Perfect mothers day gifts! christmas giftsBirthday necklace gifts for all important family person. It is a special mothers day necklace grandma giftsmom gifts mother-in-law gifts.
Easy to Open the Locket - This glass locket opens from the side like a bookEasy to open/ closureand has a very strong magneticso you don't have to ever worry about losing any of your birthstones. This also allows you to be able to open it up and add more charmsor switch out the pieces for a DIY new look each day!
Size & MaterialOur Pendant Necklace's Chain length 21.65 inches + 2-inch Extender with a snake chain and lobster clasp closure; pendant size1.3 inches; birthstone crystal 5mm. Lead-FreeNickel Free Eco-friend AlloyIt will never fade and is not the allergy for your skinsuitable for sensitive skinsno harm to health.
Service guaranteeWe strives to provide good item and service for all our customersIf you receive a broken item or have any questionsplease be free to contact uswe will free replacement a new one or full refund to you.We offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee because of the customer first..Embassy of Switzerland in Argentina
As the official representation of Switzerland, the Embassy covers all matters concerning diplomatic relations between the two countries. It represents Swiss interests in the areas of political, economic, financial and legal affairs, as well as science, education and culture.
The Consulate is still operational, but communication is via email: buenosaires.cc@eda.admin.ch; for urgent consular cases, a personal appointment can be made at the counter (agreed in advance by email).
The Swiss Compensation Office in Geneva accepts - due to the current situation, mail delays and difficulties in contacting the relevant authorities - temporary proof of life certificates by e-mail to: sedmaster@zas.admin.ch. These can be confirmed by members by means of their signatures without an official stamp together with a photocopy of a valid document (Swiss or foreign passport or identity card).
Visa: for information on entry and stay in Switzerland, please consult the following link: SEM
The embassy regularly provides information on Swiss government measures on its social networks Facebook and Twitter.
Novel Coronavirus
For information related to the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) kindly consult the information and directives of the local authorities Ministerio de Salud – Argentina Argentina
Detailed information can be found on the Spanish page.450-276- 8903 Montreal, Toronto, Vancouver
Blanco Radius 10 U SUPER SINGLE #400469 Undermount Kitchen Sink 32"x18" Montreal Evier de cuisine, sous-plan, acier inox. Montreal, Quebec. Online Sale - Vente en ligne Shipping Available ($) or pick-up $1279.99 + tx
- Handcrafted in Germany with premium 304 series, 18-gauge stainless steel
- Practical 10 mm radius corners for easy cleaning
- Extra-large bowl size is ideal for busy families
- Radius 10 400469 Undermount Kitchen Sink 32"x18" Montreal
SKU: 400469
C$1,279.99PriceThe Dew Tour Team Competition is back for 2017! Faction already has the reputation as one of the most stacked athlete teams, but will their team live up to the expectations? This year Faction has put together an epic roster that will be led by Team Captain Johnny Collinson.
Rails: Alex Hall
Picking Alex Hall for Faction's rail section of the team challenge is pretty much a no-brainer. Alex has made a name for himself partly with his innovative rail game and can be spotted in Faction's recent film This is Home slaying the urban rails of Finland. While this year will be Alex's second appearance at the Dew Tour, he's been gaining momentum in the competition circuit of late and definitely isn't someone to underestimate here.
Jumps: Tim McChesney
Tim McChesney is an all-around great skier who can literally rip anything. Urban? Yes. Pillow lines? Definitely. Park Jumps? Easy. While Tim has virtually left competitions behind, last year he competed at the Rail Jam on Breckenridge's main street and won the best trick award for a stylin' rail to rail transfer. This year Tim is coming back to the Dew Tour again to represent Faction in the Team Challenge, where he will no doubt throw down with style.
Modified Superpipe: Cody Cirillo
Cody Cirillo is a Summit County local who will no doubt be a fan favorite with the audience. His last Dew Tour appearance was in 2011 as a young up-and-comer on the slopestyle scene but has yet to compete in any halfpipe events. However, Cody can no doubt step up to the plate to bring some creative tricks to the challenge, since he can already be seen doing just that in Faction edits.
Will Faction take the title this year? Let us know and check out the Team Challenge on Sunday to find out. It kicks off at 8am Mountain Time., TUAW and Pocket-lint.co.uk
Discussion:
Steven Sande / TUAW: Rumor: Apple has sold over 10 million iPhones
Amy-Mae Elliott / Pocket-lint.co.uk: iPhone sales hit 10 million
>
Discussion: Engadget Mobile
Discussion:
>_8<<
Google Street View, auto-correction prefs in iPhone OS 2.2 beta
Discussion: O'Grady's PowerPage
Discussion:
eBay doubles down on payments as it buys Bill Me Later; Lays off 1,000
Discussion: Tech Check with Jim Goldman, Profy, Rev2.org, Epicenter, CenterNetworks, Mashable!, WebProNews, The Inquisitr and MarketingVOX_11<<
>
RELATED:
Leaked Screens Show BlackBerry's Own App Store
Discussion: Negative Approach
Discussion:
Dave Rosenberg / Negative Approach: BlackBerry App Center photos leaked
>
_17<<
_20<<_21<<
_23<<
Yahoo price target cut to $21 a share
Discussion: VentureBeat and WebProNews
Discussion:
Mike Sachoff / WebProNews: Google, Yahoo Put Ad Deal On Hold
8/21/20
TGIF…Twin Groves it’s Friday! I can’t wait for our first day of virtual school! Have a wonderful weekend!
New Faces
Please Welcome…
Kristyn Everett and Keith Dunn will be taking over for Ms. Skale’s maternity leave.
Kristyn and Keith are both math coaches in the district. They have many years of experience teaching math for our district and other districts.
Access to Class Zoom Links- This is the same information that was sent out this morning.
We have worked very hard to make the zoom login process as easy as possible for the students. Please note that these links only work for students signed on with their distirct email. These links will NOT work for parents.
Students received these codes in an email today and they received a Schoology blast wtih the information.
Please read below to learn more.
Menus have been created to allow easy access to all class Zooms. Students will simply:
1. Find the teacher they need on the appropriate document (linked below)
2. Click that teacher’s name at the appropriate class time
3. The class Zoom will open
Parents and students will not need to keep track of Zoom links and passcodes--just the documents. Teachers will post the documents in each of their Schoology courses so students can access it easily.
Each Zoom menu document includes your student’s team of teachers, including PE, Health, Spanish, Band, Orchestra, and Exploratory (Art, Music, The Art of Science and Living). The Zoom menu document also includes the related service providers (special education teachers and our counseling staff) at Twin Groves.
Staff Zoom Links:
6th Grade Blue (Williams, Engel, Didech/Blitz, Masse, Sabin)
6th Grade Gold (Maier, Huberty, Lee, Vileta, Sabin)
7th Grade Blue (Linnenburger, Savich, Zajac, Brand, Kile)
7th Grade Gold (Dahlstrom, Siemsen, Coleman, McMullen, Kile)
8th Grade Blue (Skale, Bildstein, Friziellie, Howard, Tomer/Brucato)
8th Grade Gold (Leone, Weiland, Tooley/Eakin, Hammer, Tomer/Brucato)
If you are asked for a passcode, please use the following: Kildeer
We have created a First Day of School Help open Zoom session link for students in need of technical help or other support. HERE is the link.
Opening Day will be Monday, August 24th, 2020 from 7:45 AM - 11:10 PM
Please note, this is a HALF DAY.
Middle School Half-Day Remote Learning Schedule
The first full day of school will be on August 25th, 2020 from 7:45 AM - 2:30 PM.
Middle School Daily. 847-821-8946
Schoology Parent Codes
Parents will receive a message through School Messenger on Wednesday, August 26th with their parent access code for Schoology. Directions will also be attached to the message.
Clubs/Study Halls/Activities
Twin Groves will be offering many virtual clubs, activities, and study halls. The clubs, activities, and study halls will be posted on our website and advertised in our Daily Announcements by Friday, August 28th. The clubs, activities, and study halls will start on Monday, August 31st.
When the information comes out regarding the clubs, activities, and study halls, we will also provide the zoom link information for students..Northwest Minnesota/Rochester Food & Drink/Golf/Boating/Bed & Breakfasts / Inns/Wineries & Breweries Lists/Itineraries
Select all that apply.
- Family Fun
- Romance
- City Life
- Road Trips & Scenic Byways
- Things to Do
Select all that apply.
- Minneapolis-St. Paul
- Northeast Minnesota
- Southern Minnesota
- Boundary Waters
- St. Cloud
Currently showing:The third season outing had Chief of Police Dan Mathews and his men trying to find
The one thing that has long bugged me about the investigations we see on Highway Patrol is that they are usually sketchy and vague interrogations. When the scene ends, I’m always wondering why this or that question hadn’t been asked. That ...
It was more by happenstance that a driver finally mentioned the important detail that would help to solve the case.
Broderick Crawford is really the only star of this series, though there are four or five recurring offices, like William Boyett who appears in this show as Officer Johnson. Crawford does okay, but I’m not sure why there was such a big deal made of him and
Ultimately, Mathews does a bit of undercover work, and that’s fine, but once again, his choice of when to move in and such is crazy. Perhaps that’s how it was in the late fifties, but it doesn’t sit well with me.
Ed Nelson and Celia Whitney turned in decent performances as the primary guest stars.Historical Data and Conditions
By looking back at historical data, communities can get a better understanding of the drought and extreme weather threats to be prepared for. The resources below help document and quantify historical drought conditions in order to help inform planning. Three historical drought datasets can be explored side by side: the U.S. Drought Monitor (weekly, 2000–present); Standardized Precipitation Index (monthly, 1895–present); and June-July-August Palmer Modified Drought Index values from tree-ring reconstructions and instrumental data (yearly, 0–2017).
of the U.S. was in drought in September 2012, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor record since 2000
of the lower 48 states were in drought in Summer 1934, the most in the lower 48, according to the Living Blended Drought Product since year 0
of the U.S. was in Exceptional Drought (D4) in February 1977, according to the Standardized Precipitation Index (SPI) since 1895
of the U.S. was Abnormally Wet in May 2019, the most according to the Standardized Precipitation Index (SPI) since 1895
The U.S. Drought Monitor (USDM) is a national map released every Thursday, showing parts of the U.S. that are currently in drought. The USDM relies on drought experts to synthesize the best available data.
The Standardized Precipitation Index (SPI) is an index to characterize meteorological drought on a range of timescales, ranging from 1 to 72 months, for the lower 48 U.S. states. The SPI is the number of standard deviations that observed cumulative precipitation deviates from the climatological average. NOAA's National Centers for Environmental Information produce the 9-month SPI values below on a monthly basis, going back to 1895.*
* Currently, data is only available for the contiguous U.S. summer PMDI values, which extend over 2000 years in some parts of the U.S.*
* Currently, data is only available for the contiguous U.S.
- Short-term dryness slowing planting, growth of crops or pastures.
- Some lingering water deficits
- Pastures or crops not fully recovered
- Some damage to crops, pastures
- Streams, reservoirs, or wells low, some water shortages developing or imminent
- Voluntary water-use restrictions requested
- Crop or pasture loss likely
- Water shortages common
- Water restrictions imposed
- Major crop/pasture losses
- Widespread water shortages or restrictions
- Exceptional and widespread crop/pasture losses
- Shortages of water in reservoirs, streams, and wells creating water emergencies
Combine Historical Data
This tool allows you to combine multiple states or counties, so you can view historical conditions for a custom region.
Get Historical Drought Data
Drought Since 2000
The U.S. Drought Monitor (USDM) is a map released every Thursday, showing parts of the U.S. that are currently in drought. The USDM relies on drought experts to synthesize the best available data and work with local observers to interpret the information and is a joint effort of the National Drought Mitigation Center, USDA, and NOAA.
Drought Since 1895
Statewise time series graphs and downloadable data going back to 1985 from NOAA's National Centers for Environmental Information. Datasets include SPI (displayed above), Palmer indices, temperature, precipitation, and degree days.
Drought Since Year 0
NOAA and its partners publish regional reports each quarter, summarizing weather, impacts and predictions.
The Living Blended Drought Product (LBDP) is a recalibrated data series of June-July-August Palmer Modified Drought Index (PMDI) values by United States climate division, compiled by blending tree-
NCEI provides the paleoclimatology data and information scientists need to understand natural climate variability and future climate change.
The OWDA provides new data to determine the causes of Old World drought and wetness and attribute past climate variability to forced and/or internal variability.
Global Historical Climatology Network (GHCN): an integrated database of daily climate summaries from land surface stations across the globe, including a common suite of quality assurance reviews. <
This tool, available as part of The Climate Toolbox, provides maps and summary tables of different drought types, such as agricultural and meteorological drought, for a location in the contiguous UChoose All In One Plan for Templates, Designs, Documents, Forms, Editors, Applications
“Excellent Value for money Product, saves lot of time”
Billed Annually $48
A confidentiality agreement is a legal contract that requires one or more parties to non-disclosure of confidential or proprietary information. When sensitive business information or private data is not to be shared with the general public or adversaries, a confidentiality agreement is commonly utilized. It's also a crucial document between two organizations discussing a merger or a business transaction that has to remain confidential. Any employee with access to sensitive information is frequently compelled to sign a confidentiality agreement to protect the company from the exposure of competitive information that might damage the business. A Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) is a specific kind of confidentiality agreement. A confidentiality agreement differs from a waiver of confidentiality, in which the parties involved relinquish confidentiality commitments. The agreement can be unilateral (one party signs), bilateral (both parties sign), or multilateral (many parties will have access to sensitive information). Confidentiality agreements can be tailored to the specifics of the situation.
When you are constructing a confidentiality agreement, the minute details tend to be left out. Avoid this disaster by using our Confidentiality Agreement Templates. Create the best professional agreements with our printable templates. Our templates allow you to take control of your document workflow and provide a more personalized business experience. We offer our users both free and premium Confidentiality Templates that are easy to use, ready-made, and fully editable. Just pick a design and layout that suits your needs and customize it. You can also share and/or print the draft directly from the website. At our site, we make your work easier, faster, and better for you.In The Matter Section 45(1) of the Securities Act, Chapter 83:02 of the Laws of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago And In the Matter of an Application by the Trinidad and Tobago Stock Exchange Limited to De-List the TT$300M Government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago (“GORTT”) 15-year 6.15% Fixed Rate Bond due August 3, 2019
Delisting Order re TT$300M GORTT Fixed Rate Bond Due 3-Aug-2019Two days after Gina Carano was reportedly axed by Disney “in what critics alleged was a politically-motivated hit,” The Daily Wire announced that they will be partnering with the former Mandalorian actress, who will “produce and star in an upcoming film exclusively for Daily Wire members.”
On Friday, The Daily Wire announced that it would be partnering with Carano to produce an upcoming film exclusively for Daily Wire members. “The Daily Wire is helping make one of my dreams — to develop and produce my own film — come true. I cried out and my prayer was answered,” Carano said in a statement. (The Daily Wire is offering a 25% discount for new members with the Carano-themed promo code “GINA.”)
“I am sending out a direct message of hope to everyone living in fear of cancellation by the totalitarian mob,” Carano said. “I have only just begun using my voice which is now freer than ever before, and I hope it inspires others to do the same. They can’t cancel us if we don’t let them.”
After the exclusive Deadline report broke, news of Carano’s partnership with The Daily Wire immediately went viral, with massive media coverage of what can only be described as a complete rejection of cancel culture.
Source:Because Of Endless Years Of of Research…
These Gold Companies are the Top 4 Recommendations:
Goldco – Our Top Recommendation
American Hartford Gold Stock
There is a great deal of buzz exploring relating to Goldco Investing, a brand new stock broker that is in fact a department of Goldpoint Financial. In essence, they are actually delivering economic companies for purchasing gold and silver. The branch is actually dedicated to delivering assets options to the investor area. This may be actually headlines to some, however certainly not to those who have actually succeeded actually in their very own expenditures. Similar to various other monetary business delivering these kinds of companies, Goldco has been actually around for rather some time and has actually obtained numerous queries coming from anxious entrepreneurs aiming to place their money to team up with an experienced advisor.
The provider has been actually around given that 1998 and also gives a total stable of economic items consisting of retirement plans, pensions, investments in rare-earth elements and also gold pieces. What makes all of them different from your standard insurance company is their pay attention to investing in gold. This is actually certainly not as unheard of as stock funds in these times however this is actually a good enhancement to a collection. There is actually likewise an option for entrepreneurs to purchase bitcoin without a conventional individual retirement account. This is actually one more method to maximize your retirement cost savings through purchasing possessions that are going to enjoy in value throughout the years and many years ahead.
Goldco Investing does offer a variety of possibilities to accommodate any kind of spending plan and spending style. They offer budget friendly possibilities in a lot of financial investment types featuring stocks and connects, gold and silver, and all primary monetary investment providers consisting of TIAACREF, Leaders, Charles Schwab, and Admiral Funds. This indicates you may have a well-rounded financial investment company, total with exceptional help for your retired life, without breaking the bank.
American Hartford Gold Stock
The firm teams up with both typical Individual retirement accounts as well as even more modern-day self-reliant 401ks. If you intend to help in your retirement account without taking the time to open up one, you may surrender your assets directly in to your Goldco Putting In Individual Retirement Account. You can likewise benefit from the provider’s electronic deal companies, featuring its own automated carry over to your existing IRA profile when you make a down payment or even withdrawal. You are not restricted to a details form of investment, you can easily invest in both shares as well as connections as well as the gold and silvers. You may discover it a far better possibility considering that you can easily blend and also match the expenditures for max diversification. Along with self pointed and also conventional IRAs, you may likewise money your Goldco Putting in individual retirement account with a variety of other investment motor vehicles consisting of rare-earth element funds, money market accounts, passion gilt funds, and deposit slip funds.
The business likewise provides a range of adaptable alternatives, including options for straight committing, stock exchange investing, rare-earth elements for stock funds, gold funds, as well as commodity expenditures. With direct trading, you can easily buy and sell reveals of a business directly, which is actually an excellent way to gain visibility to the market without needing to have to buy reveals on your own. You can easily spend in the provider’s equity market mark items, or even choose for futures exchanging. Whatever the situation might be actually, you can be assured that your collection will remain safe and secure, specifically if you possess straight expenditures in Goldco Gold Investments.
One more option readily available to you with Goldco Putting In IRA is the opportunity to buy products like the stock market or gold. Through doing this, you will definitely be able to diversify your expenditures. Furthermore, you reach appreciate the exact same tax benefits that you would get from putting in directly in the business’s share. Unlike stock expenditures, you do certainly not own the whole firm. You will certainly need to have to consider whether you wish to continue to be within the company’s ownership to steer clear of extra expenses.
If you are extra comfortable putting in directly, you can find the assistance of a company broker that can help you with all your monetary investments. You may yearn for to think about acquiring bitcoins in an ira, particularly if you understand just how to perform therefore properly. Brokers will assist you deal these metals safely, along with delivering you with expert advice. Merely see to it that you have one broker you can rely on.
An ultimate choice you have if you would love to convert your conventional Individual retirement accounts right into self-reliant investing possibilities including gold is to roll-over your account to a traditional individual retirement account as well as acquisition gold. This alternative is actually not right for every person. A lot of capitalists find that they simply do certainly not have the time to partake routine carry overs. Additionally, if the provider that you are actually purchasing is actually certainly not trustworthy, you might conveniently lose all the cash you have actually acquired it. If you possess the time as well as the knowledge, however, this is actually a sensible possibility for many people.
AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
Augusta Precious Metals is actually an internet investment firm that provides gold, silver as well as platinum eagle expenditures. Except retired life saver’s that have an interest in helping make profitable precious metal financial investments. This business provides more than simply rare-earth elements. Our company will wait you throughout your retired life along with life-time professional solution as your counted on source of beneficial relevant information and also superior products. What is actually even more, you can easily possess satisfaction recognizing you are investing your hard-earned amount of money along with a business that is actually moderated by the United States Mint.
Performed you understand that the US Mint secures United States coming from “outsider” determines? Let me detail. If there were a terrorist strike or a huge occasion where many people were injured, the authorities will need to respond quickly if you want to safeguard United States rate of interests. The last factor they want to perform is actually generate scarcities and also higher expenses for everyone. Augusta Valuable Metals is actually the location to become if you have an interest in putting your funds into a strong gold and silvers interest-bearing account.
Lots of folks own bodily gold pieces and they are hanging on to them due to their passion for gold. These valuable metallics have regularly been actually a risk-free sanctuary for folks who carry out not have a great deal of funds. Inflation and assets market crashes have generated a bubble economic situation where bodily gold is worth quite little, whereas newspaper cash has actually cherished tremendously. Augusta Valuable Metals carries out supply physical gold in 3 different types: gold, clubs, as well as coins. Their coins and bullion products stand for genuine positive physical gold, and also you may obtain all of them or sell them at a much higher cost than what you may find on the paper.
American Hartford Gold Stock
Silver as well as gold provide confidence and also security to folks. It is not surprising that that these steels are actually considered to become America’s cash through lots of. Augusta Valuable Metals is actually an internet rare-earth element outlet that gives low costs on a selection of items. The provider strongly believes that diversification is actually the most effective means to keep riches as well as retired life funds secure. By expanding, you can protect your profit coming from variation. Augusta Precious Metals likewise provides a number of items to shield your financial savings.
Aside from gold, the provider provides a lot of other precious metal products such as silver, platinum, palladium, ruthenium, iridium, rhodium, osmium, iridium, yttrium, titanium, tungsten, and several others. This provider supplies cost effective alternatives for each of your expenditures. They provide outstanding client service, as well as their purchasing procedure is simple. Augusta Metals gives very competitive costs on a selection of gold items. The business uses reasonable rates on a range of gemstones, silver, platinum, palladium, and also other precious metal items.
Silver: The business offers a lot of budget friendly silver items. A few of one of the most popular choices feature silver bullets, duffel bags, wedding event collections, and also fashion jewelry. Gold bullion, silver pubs, as well as coins are actually also readily available for investment. Whatever kind of metal you choose, there are going to be a budget friendly answer. There are actually no yearly expenses linked with possessing Augusta Priceless Metals.
Proofs: Proofs are among one of the most preferred items marketed by Augusta Precious Metals. Evidence are actually demanded for each of the finest gold companies. Proofs are additionally used for confirming platinum eagle and also palladium to retail stores, and also to buyers that purchase from on the internet stores. There are actually no annual expenses linked with having Augusta Gold And Silvers, and there is actually an easy accountancy device needed for each of your transactions.
Purchasing rare-earth elements may be a straightforward procedure, or it may be a complex procedure relying on exactly how you choose to set about committing. If you need to have support finding out which product corrects for you, there are actually a lot of experts accessible for this objective. Whether you are interested in learning more about gold, silver, or palladium, Augusta Valuable Metals has an amount of remedies to help you create the appropriate assets choice.
Gold and silvers putting in makes sense if you wish to remain in the market for gold, silver, platinum or even palladium. Precious metal rates cherish and depreciate with time. Along with an investment in metals, you are really buying an insurance coverage versus inflation. If the value of gold and silvers increases, you could be sure that they will certainly appreciate as well.
Gold and silvers are deemed an insurance coverage for your properties. This is because, unlike paper money, the worth of both gold and silver normally transfer inverse to the total economic condition. When the inventory markets are down, silver and gold tend to be down a step. Having said that, when the stock exchange collision, gold and silvers acquire a whole make over, as seen through the Great Downturn.
A nice way to minimize the dangers connected with Valuable Metals Committing is to diversify your collection. In other words, buy not just bodily gold and silvers, but also in a variety of other resource training class such as guaranties, stocks, interest-bearing funds, bonds, inventories and other safeties. If you intend to lower counterparty danger, you could possibly also go with exchange traded funds.
When it concerns Priceless Metals Committing, there are actually two general ways of trading. One is straight investing where you obtain portions of gravy train or even various other steel possessions like assets. The other is using commodity exchanging. In valuable trading, products include overseas money, rates of interest, agrarian products, and energy products. When you purchase commodities, the very best area to begin is actually with the buying and selling of futures contracts. This way you are certainly not in fact buying physical possessions, but somewhat investing in monetary resources that possess greater ability for development.
The Priceless Metals Committing strategy focuses on three basic areas – gold financial investments, dealt with fee deposits, and also deposit slips (Compact discs). Typically, if you are actually starting out in Valuable Metals Spending, you need to pay attention to one location like bullion or even coins. Bullion expenditures work with physical silver or gold assets. These investments have notable growth potential as gold and silver prices often tend to enhance considerably in time. Certifications of deposit (Compact discs) represent an effortlessly liquidated collection of enthusiasm birthing assets.
Precious metals committing offers several advantages to lasting investors. Among all of them are variation of profiles. This implies that various locations of investment will definitely take down on expenditure threat. Also smalls potatoes out there will certainly certainly not have an effect on a general profile. Most Valuable Metallics investors gain coming from dropping interest prices because such market fads have been liable for pushing up the value of gold, platinum, and palladium.
A vital advantage Priceless Metals Spending has over other options is actually that there is little or no risk associated with these forms of expenditures. A lot of precious metals investments are going to also deliver a practical gain on your resources. This makes sure that you can use your incomes to money other sorts of assets while maintaining your cash safe. In addition, gold and also platinum could be easily traded on primary trades, making it easy to follow the market styles.
Generally, Valuable Metals Committing is an audio approach for building a tough as well as liquefied retirement portfolio. Nevertheless, it is actually vital to know the risks and also the profit capacity related to such investments before you begin committing. By doing this, you may prevent making expensive errors. Additionally, ensure that your picked metallics are actually purchased from reliable dealerships. You may also want to collaborate with an expert broker to aid you accomplish the intended end results.
One typical type of Valuable Metals Putting in is actually developing a long-lasting funding fund that collects money through purchasing silver and gold bullion or by storing various other bodily resources in the form of coins. A well dealt with rare-earth elements fund may eventually give sizable go back to its consumers. However, similar to any other fund, a well-balanced investment portfolio need to be kept to make sure that the increases made are certainly not dropped to temporary volatility. By constituting a strong long-lasting financial investment portfolio, a conservative financier may protect his funds against market turbulence and also get a modest profit without having to experience hefty reductions.
A variety of investors prefer to form a property defense or insurance policy that consists of rare-earth elements investing as aspect of their total profile. These policies generally shell out if the steel price is up to a certain point after the purchase day. Generally, an insurance policy consists of different kinds of assets, consisting of bodily metals like gold, silver, platinum eagle, and also palladium, and also several authorities bonds, deposit slips, and also monetary assets.
Rare-earth elements are popular choices for both temporary and also long-term investments given that the rates normally do certainly not alter that considerably eventually. Consequently, many investors choose to build up their portfolio over a number of years, building up resources that they can easily make use of to take advantage of any kind of market fluctuations. Many specialists also feel that buying Precious Metals is just one of one of the most safe and secure ways to commit money today due to the surveillance of supporting positive possessions like gold coins. If you want to discover more about Valuable Metals Putting in, get in touch with a reliable stock broker agency today.A day of crayfishing on the 2nd April 2021 turned into a nail-biting rescue mission for three brave men at Rooi Els in the Western Cape recently.
William Boltmann, his brother Richard and their friend Francois Koekemoer were preparing to head out to sea at the Rooi Els slip when they received word that two fishermen had been swept off the rocks nearby. Without hesitation, the three men decided to take on the difficult task of saving the two casualties.
“When we were told where the guys were, I knew it wasn’t an easy place to rescue them from,” William says. “I thought about how we would get them out as we didn’t really want to risk getting into the water. So I was thinking, what can we throw as we didn’t have anything on the boat? The Pink Rescue Buoy was right there so I told my friend to get it, and it ended up being the main tool we used in the rescue.”
The NSRI’s Pink Rescue Buoy initiative was launched in 2017. To date, more than 75 lives have been saved by this initiative.
Flotation devices for bystander rescue
“Over the years we realised that there were no bystander rescue devices next to any water bodies,” says Dr Cleeve Robertson, CEO of the NSRI. “We wanted to think of a really cost-effective, easily deployable device we could use and so in our first year we experimented with pool noodles. Unfortunately, these were too light, couldn’t be thrown and didn’t support more than one person at a time.
“So we went back to the torpedo buoy concept, and after consulting with Australian Lifeguard Services, we settled on an appropriate size and buoyancy of 100 Newtons which can essentially support four people on one buoy. Pink became the colour to distinguish them from lifeguarding buoys, and the rest is history!”
The rescue
Conditions on the day made the beach launch quite challenging for William and his team, and once they got closer to the fishermen they realised the swell was quite high, and that the two casualties were dangerously close to the rocks.
Instead of panicking, the men wisely chose to stop for a moment to gather their thoughts. They decided that Richard would drive the boat, and that William and Francois would conduct the actual rescue.
“We decided to try and get close to them so that we could throw the rescue buoy to them. My dad taught us that we have to keep our nose into the swell, so that we could clearly see what's happening. That way, if the swell begins to break, you can ramp over it with the boat,” William recalls.
The men waited for a gap in the swells and reversed in towards the two men. They then tried tying a rope to the rescue buoy and throwing it into the water, but the strong winds kept blowing it back.
The fishermen had already been in the water for about 45 minutes by the time the boat arrived and were starting to get tired and drop below the surface. William heard the victims’ desperate cries for help and realised he would have to do the unthinkable.
“I had to just jump in the water. I knew from reading reports on the Sea Rescue website that the person who tries to rescue someone often ends up drowning themselves, because the victim hangs on to them, so I had already decided that I would give them the rescue buoy and not hang around. So I jumped in, took the buoy to the guy and told him to hold on, and then got back to the boat as quickly as I could. Then Francois pulled him in with the rope,” says William.
Once the first man was safely on the boat, they tried once again to throw the buoy to the second man, but the wind was still an issue. So William jumped into the water again and repeated the same process. His brother was already driving the boat away as the second man was pulled on board, because a large swell was threatening to overwhelm them.
“We made it out just in time. My dad was watching from the shore and he said he was panicking. And my mom was probably praying very hard as well. If you go and look at where we were, there are rocks everywhere, and we weren’t even looking out for that. It just happened as it was meant to – those men weren’t meant to drown that day.”
The men raced to get the two victims to an ambulance that was waiting on the shore with NSRI. Both chose to go home after receiving medical treatment.
Heroes don’t wear capes – they go crayfishing!
On World Drowning Prevention Day, William, Francois and Richard were given an award by the NSRI for their daring rescue. They have also been interviewed by several websites and newspapers, and yet, William is still extremely modest about the events that unfolded. In true down-to-earth form, the men still went out crayfishing after the rescue, as if it was just another day out on the water.
“We were just lucky, I guess. We’re getting the recognition now but we just did what we had to do at the time. If another boat had been there, they would have done the same thing. It’s part of being at sea. One day we may be the ones who need help,” William concludes.. ...It would have been 100 deaths in the US if similar happened to their police force, we should be grateful to have such a patient and tolerant force in Ireland despite of the horrific abuse they have to endure from the public.]]>
Lock um up]]>
Regardless of peoples opinions of police, anyone who coughs and spits at another person is as common as the dirt on my shoes]]>
Disgusting thing to do & I’d deploy the batons]]>
These skum are spitting with full knowledge that this is potentially lethal for the Garda. It’s attempted murder and these “things” should be locked up until a vaccine is available. Zero excuse]]>
Garda lives matter…….]]>
AntiGa]]>
Sorry, made up news. Body cams would solve that issue]]>
Old news re reporting]]>
More updates on this than covid]]>
We will have to establish overnight local courts to administer prompt justice to these delinquents, specifically aimed at mindless anti-social conduct, with legal powers to administer next day public service work in orange jumpsuits, under joint Garda/ Council supervision.
Instant community courts work very well in other countries, a few days on the road gang puts manners on the wild ones, & is a magic deterrent.Just give them the option of station bail to face a judge with higher sentencing,& financial imposition options,to allow for human rights concerns.
What the hell is wrong with people. Basic human decency is gone out the window.]]>Description
With a flat design and lowest profile available, the AVS Low Profile Ventvisor® is a side window deflector that lets fresh air in while keeping rain out with a color-match finish that perfectly matches your vehicle. It also helps to keep the sun out of your eyes, reduce interior wind noise and fogging, and reduce interior heat. Enjoy fresh air and comfort no matter the weather!
ATTN STATE OF CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
WARNING: Cancer and Reproductive Harm
Features
- Features a flat design and lowest profile
- Internal (in window channel) or external (above window on door) mounts available
- Made of impact-resistant acrylic or warp-resistant ABS that are UV and scratch-resistant
- Available OEM paint code Color-Match finishes
- Custom made against warping, cracking or other factory defects.crushing machines in navi mumbai,mumbai stone crushing machines we europackestablished in the year 1993 the quality and output capacity of our plastic crushing machine has provoked .man crushed to death in stone crusher machine in palghar,06 march,2019 07:25 pm ist palghar (mumbai) samiullah khan,. share: james colaco, the owner of the stone crusher machine and worker harishankar .
buy stone crusher machine from p. v. kotwala & co. find company contact details & address in mumbai, maharashtra india id: 2242930..manufacture of stone crusher machine of 20 10 in malad,manufacture of stone crusher machine of 20 x10 in malad mumbai over the last 20 years, i have made over 50 trips to india, and have visited the the actual .used stone crusher machine for sale in mumbai,stone crushing machine manufacturer in bolivia mumbai. we are offering stone processing machines. single toggle jaw stone crusher is one of the most widely .mumbai worker crushed to death in stone crusher machine,palghar: a 45-year-old worker died after he accidentally got trapped in a stone crusher machine at gundale village in palghar district on
get phone numbers, address, reviews, photos, maps for top stone crusher machine repair & services near me in borivali west, mumbai on justdial..stone crusher machinery trading, navi mumbai,retail trader of stone, roller crusher machine & jaw crusher machine offered by stone crusher machinery trading from navi mumbai, maharashtra, india..mumbai stone crushing machines,bharat stone crusher - is a leading manufacturer, supplier of __kw1__ , stone crushing machine, from mumbai, maharashtra, india. get price. stone crusher in .stone crusher machine buy stone crusher machine in ,buy stone crusher machine from india international company find company contact details & address in mumbai, rajasthan india id: 2224301.
vb infra project pvt ltd - offering stone crusher, , , new items in iit bombay, mumbai, maharashtra. read about company. stone crushing machine. 9.50 lakh..stone crushing machine in navi mumbai, maharashtra ,find here stone crushing machine dealers in navi mumbai with traders, distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers & suppliers. get best price deals on stone .sand crusher machine in mumbai, ,gmc stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio. from large primary jaw crusher and impact crusher to .stone crusher in navi mumbai, stone crusher dealers ,dealing as a manufacturer & supplier of jaw crushers, we are also offers the jam crusher, construction machinery equipment, conveyor belts, machine tools, steel
unique mild steel mobile jaw crusher, for stone. 22 lakh get latest price. usage/application: stone. type of crushing machines: jaw crusher. capacity: .mobile crushing plant at best price in india,mobile stone crushing machine mini mobile crusher. mini mobile crushing plantask price. capacity: 10-240 t/h. power: 110 kw. axle load: 10121 - 14730 kg..crushing machines & plants in nashik, ,business listings of crushing machines & plants manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in nashik, mobile jaw stone crusher for aggregateask price location/city: mumbai, kurkumbh, patalganaga, goa, ahemdabad, ankleshwar, pune, .crushing machines & plants in pune, ,business listings of crushing machines & plants manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in pune, cone crusher crushing machines for stoneask price.
business listings of crushing machines & plants manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in thane, , turbhe, navi mumbai, dist. mild steel stone crusher plant, power: 200-250 kw 50 lakh..crushing machines & plants in mumbai, ,business listings of crushing machines & plants manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in mumbai, mcgeo mild steel stone crusher plant, capacity: 800 tph..titan crushing machinery pvt. ltd., navi mumbai ,ltd. are a reputed manufacturer, supplier and exporter of stone crushers & stone crushing plants. our range is manufactured using high grade raw material, .stone crusher in mumbai, stone crusher dealers & traders ,find the top stone crusher dealers, traders, distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers & suppliers in mumbai, maharashtra. get latest & updated stone crusher prices in titan crushing machinery pvt. ltd. navi mumbai, india. online.
mumbai stone crushing machines . stone crusher in navi mumbai, maharashtra, stone crusher machine manufacturer in mumbai get free price quotations, ..stone and rock crusher machine manufacturers in mumbai,stone crusher stone crushing plant manufacturer supplier price for sale sand muller machine suppliers in mumbai limestone crusher machinery in maharashtra..tage stone crushing ilndustries mumbai,coal surface mining stone crusher carnifex pdf description : . cone crusher in gurgaon; . manufacturer of crusher machine . stone crusher machinery […]
It’s easy to become worried when your child has a fever. Not only are fevers uncomfortable for your child physically, […]
At best, food poisoning can be quite unpleasant. At worst, it can cause serious medical issues that may require hospitalization. […]
215-650-8346
48 Churchville Lane,
Churchville PA 18966
215-650-8391
29 Tanyard Road,
Richboro PA 18954
267-367-6173
1535 Locust Street,
Philadelphia PA 19102Avaya
At a Glance
Industry
Internet, Software, Hardware and Technology Services
Project Type
Commercial Energy Efficiency
Year
2015
Location
Santa Clara, CA
Summary
Siva Sriharsha Korukonda spent his summer gathering data and energy metrics for Avaya labs and data center environments across key Avaya locations in the United States.
Goals
Avaya, a global technology firm focusing on customer and team engagement communications and networking solutions, enlisted EDF Climate Corps fellow Siva Sriharsha Korukonda to identify low and no-cost opportunities for energy savings in its data centers and lab environments. In its portfolio of leased properties, Avaya has a variety offices, data centers and technology labs across the globe.
Solutions
Korukonda’s project consisted of surveying IT and lab space and gathering data and energy metrics to benchmark the performance of individual locations. As a result, best practices were identified regarding temperature settings, lab layout configurations for labs and data center spaces and tracking energy use to measure savings. This work will help Avaya utilize existing infrastructure to prioritize and maximize low-no cost energy efficiency opportunities across its labs and data centers spaces across its global real estate portfolio and track the impact of the energy-saving projects that are implemented.
Potential Impact
Korukonda's project is important in that it is serving as a launching-off point for additional analysis around energy efficiency efforts. His metrics and benchmarking efforts were designed to serve as an effective tool to bring together multiple stakeholders, both internal and external, to begin discussions and evaluation of different energy-efficiency measures for the organization.YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN) — A trial that was supposed to begin Monday in Mahoning County Common Pleas Court for a man charged in a traffic death in Canfield has been pushed back to the summer.
This is the second time the trial for Michael Malvasi Jr., 30, has been delayed.
Jurors were called to hear the case before Judge Maureen Sweeney until the proceedings were halted.
According to Assistant Prosecutor for Mahoning County, Mike Yacovone, the trial was delayed because a major witness would not be available.
“We determined that we may be able to substitute her use with another forensic pathologist from Cuyahoga County. Unfortunately, that would require a report to be drawn up, the judge determined and we had to agree that, because a report had to be drawn up, that the defense is entitled to that report, and unfortunately, it continues the case,” Yacovone said.
Malvasi is charged in the 2017 death of Ryan Lanzo, 23. Troopers with the Ohio State Highway Patrol said Malvasi was driving a Mercedes SUV when he lost control and overturned on Shields Road.
After the crash, troopers said Malvasi walked away from the scene, leaving Lanzo behind.
Lanzo later died from his injuries.
The first time the trial was to take place was in October, but it was postponed because of concerns over the Covid-19 pandemic.Sametham - Kerala School Data Bank. Advanced Search Employee Details Sl no Employee Name Designation 1 SAKKIR E K Junior Hindi Teacher (Sr Gr) Consolidated Number of teaching and non teaching Staffs UP School Assistant (Sel Gr) - 1UP School Assistant (HG) - 4Junior Hindi Teacher (Sr Gr) - 1Part-Time Primary Urudu Teacher - 1Junior Sanskrit Teacher Gr II - 1Physical Education Teacher (15 Yrs Higher Grade) - 1UP School Assistant - 2L P School Assistant (Snr Gr) - 1L P School Assistant (Sel.Gr) - 1Office Attendant Sel Gr - 1 Total Employees - 14Integrated Energy Medicine
Dr. Evan Chait has studied multiple energy medical systems and has created a unique process to open your neurovascular system to reduce pain, increase blood flow, calm the mind, restore organ function, weight loss and hormone regulation. He draws his Chinese Energy Medicine techniques from Tom Tam and Tong Ren, Yuen Method, Matrix Energetics, Pan Gu Shen Gong Qi Gong, Garcia Energetics, Greg Braden, Dr. Joe Dispenza, and Quantum Mechanics.
Qi Gong literally means Energy Exercise and in Chinese Medicine our Yi moves Qi, in other words Yi means thoughts and Qi means oxygen and blood. Furthermore, our thoughts move oxygen and blood to different organ systems, joints, nerves, muscles, and glands. Dr. Chait will use an integrated energy medical model to work with you virtually to help with your healthcare challenges.
Brain Waves + Qi Gong Healing
Explore tracks to help put your mind/body at ease, help you feel healthier and more centered.With green hydrogen needed to produce the ‘e-ammonia’ required for carbon-free vessels, new clean power generation capacity and potential solar power hotspots near international shipping lanes will be crucial.
The International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) has predicted green hydrogen-powered ‘e-ammonia‘ will supply the “backbone of the decarbonization of the shipping sector.”
Renewable-energy powered green hydrogen will be used to form the e-ammonia ‘powerfuel‘ which will contribute 60% of shipping’s mid-century decarbonization effort, under IRENA’s pathway to a world that will see global heating this century capped at 1.5 degrees Celsius.
Such a fuel transition will require 866-1,299 GW of global solar generation capacity by 2050, according to IRENA, from a projected global clean energy generation capacity of 2,799 GW.?
A Pathway to Decarbonise the Shipping Sector by 2050, a report recently published by the UAE-based international body, notes the crucial role that could be played by Morocco in achieving zero-carbon shipping, given the nation’s vast renewable energy potential and strategic location, with access to the Atlantic and Mediterranean sea lanes.
The 116-page report lists the policies required to support a sector that, in 2018, contributed around 3% of global carbon emissions and is outside national climate change regulations. The suggestions included identifying the world’s most promising renewable energy generation sites and establishing a shipping industry body to coordinate renewables plant development in such zones with national governments, to feed a raised appetite for the clean power needed to produce green hydrogen and, indirectly, e-ammonia.
With global trade body the International Chamber of Shipping having last month proposed a carbon levy per ton of carbon and equivalents emitted by tankers with a gross tonnage of more than 5,000 tons, the IRENA report also noted the vital need for a realistic carbon levy to level the playing field for sustainable fuels against fossil fuel-based alternatives.
Popular content
The study estimated e-ammonia costs will fall from around US$143-219/MWh today to around $67-114/MWH by mid-century and predicted ‘blue ammonia’ – requiring the use of nitrogen and natural gas-plus-carbon-capture powered ‘blue hydrogen‘ – is likely to play a “transitional role.” However, over-expanding natural gas-powered shipping options runs the risk of stranding such assets further down the line, the report warned.
If IRENA’s expectations are borne out, the sector will require 46 million tons of green hydrogen in mid-century, of which 73% will power e-ammonia, 17% e-methanol, and of which 10% will be used directly to power vessels, probably on shorter, domestic shipping routes.
The report stressed the need for global policymakers to act now to expand the storage and refueling options at key ports such as Singapore; Fujairah, in the UAE; and Rotterdam, in the Netherlands; as well as at shipping ‘pinch points’ in the Panama and Suez canals and the Straits of Malacca, because large and very large vessels have an operational life of 25-30 years.
IRENA estimated commercial e-ammonia vessels will be operational in 2023 and noted a project by Finnish company Wärtsilä and Norwegian business Grieg Edge which is aiming to develop the world’s first greenhouse gas-free renewable ammonia-powered tanker by 2024, with the help of $5.34 million from the Norwegian government.
This content is protected by copyright and may not be reused. If you want to cooperate with us and would like to reuse some of our content, please contact: [email protected]
Source: pv magazineTired of ads?
Join today and never see them again. require more than a few nudges. But with the support of the federal government, the American public, and local citizens, these victories could be enjoyed.
During the Christmas holiday in 1949, Jo Ann Robinson, a professor at an all-Black college in Alabama, boarded a bus headed to the airport for a trip home to Ohio.
Late for her flight and loaded down with gifts for family, she took a seat just behind the driver in the nearly empty bus. The driver yelled, "Get up from there!" and rose from his seat, threatening to strike her. Frightened and angry, Robinson took her things and left the bus.
This wasn't the first time a white bus driver had raised a hand to a Black female passenger.
In fact, Robinson was aware of dozens of similar episodes. As a founding member of the Women's Political Council (WPC), a group of professional Black women committed to informing the community of injustices, she documented instances in which Black people riding city buses had been denied a bus transfer, forced to pay extra fare, or were verbally abused, assaulted, or arrested.
Robinson and women of the Council kept track of court trials and fines paid by working men and women who violated local segregation laws. In Montgomery, Alabama, the WPC informed the community of each case, distributing handbills with detailed accounts of the events.
Robinson's humiliating ordeal in 1949 pushed the group to seek a new plan of action, one that would be much more than informative.
The WPC was quite aware of the fact that the vast majority of passengers on the city lines were African-American, and predominantly women.
They felt that these facts might be the key to a successful and far-reaching bus boycott. In a letter to Montgomery's mayor, W. A. Gayle, Robinson wrote, "Mayor Gayle, three quarters of the riders of these public conveyances are N****es." She informed him of the stakes, for "If N****es did not patronize [the buses] they could not possibly operate."
But Robinson and the WPC understood that it would be difficult to rally the Black citizens of Alabama to risk harassment, injury, and the loss of work in protest of something that many considered simply a fact of life.
They needed the right moment and the right person to represent the issue and inspire the community to take action. With the help of the NAACP, the group selected Rosa Parks, a respectable, strong-willed woman, who on the first day of December 1955, was arrested for disobeying a bus driver's orders to rise to allow a white man to sit.
Parks, like many other Black citizens, had resisted these kinds of demands several times before, but this time, her act would become the rallying cry for thousands of protesters.
With Parks' trial approaching, the WPC urged Jo Ann Robinson to notify the community and initiate the boycott.
Robinson stayed up all night making 35,000 copies of a handbill to be distributed not only to men and women, but to school children so that they would take it home to their parents.
"This is for Monday, Dec. 5, 1955—Another N**** woman has been arrested and thrown into jail because she refused to get up out of her seat on the bus and give it to a white person. This has to be stopped," the handbill announced. "We are asking every N**** to stay off the buses Monday in protest of the arrest and trial. Don't ride the buses to work, to town, to school, or anywhere on Monday."
The Women's Political Council planned a one-day strike, but knew that if enough people participated, it could be extended as long as it might be necessary to convince city, state, or even federal officials to desegregate the buses.
The WPC allowed the NAACP and other Black leaders to decide whether the Monday boycott had been successful and, if so, how long it should continue.
Ultimately, more than 50,000 people—women and men, mostly Black, but some white citizens, as well—participated in the 381-day Montgomery Bus Boycott. The massive demonstration of courage and perseverance captured the attention of the Supreme Court, which in December 1956 struck down Alabama's segregation laws.
The Montgomery Bus Boycott has been remembered as a spontaneous act sparked by Rosa Parks, "the seamstress with tired feet," who in December of 1955 refused to relinquish her seat on a segregated city bus.
But in reality, the boycott was neither spontaneous nor ignited by a single act of defiance. Black students and working men and women who depended upon public transportation had been defending themselves against treatment they deemed unfair for at least a decade prior to the famous Parks confrontation.
Under the leadership of an organization of African-American women, the Black community had prepared for the fight long before Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. and the other Black leaders of the Montgomery Improvement Association decided to extend the strike beyond its monumental first day.
Jo Ann Robinson and the Women's Political Council conceived of, initiated, and provided much of the drive for one of the most significant and effective boycotts in American history.."
Within this context, leaders like A. Philip Randolph, Jo Ann Robinson, Martin Luther King, Jr., Bayard Rustin, Medgar Evers, Ella Baker, and thousands of regular Black and white folks built upon the direct action strategies of the 1940s.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, heralded as a revolutionary expansion of government power, didn't attack the problem of racial discrimination in employment, and it didn.
But'd known segregation pretty well.
Still, Roosevelt's successor committed himself to challenging Jim Crow institutions.
Not once, but U.S. prez.
In 1952, after twenty years of Democrats in the White House, Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower won the presidential election.
He deemed himself the champion of the "forgotten man"—the hardworking American burdened by high taxes and big government. A.k.a. he opposed using federal authority to grant civil rights.
So, damned-fool mistake I ever made."blank">Lyndon B. Johnson, a president often obscured by the shadow of Kennedy, his predecessor, would deliver on more promises to Black Americans than any other president before him.
Join today and never see them again.
Please Wait...Here, a revolutionary concept has been introduced to the market: a POLIMAT palletiser feeds bag stacks to the Ventomatic® Flying Fork-Lift FFL, which automatically loads them directly onto trucks without pallets (Figure 4). This greatly simplifies the logistics, and reduces bag dispatch costs. Moreover, it allows the loading of trucks at the same capacity as the palletiser – in this case, 3600 bags/hr. Space required for the installation is also limited and storage space is minimised, as bags can be directly loaded without passing through the warehouse, solving the challenge of optimised bag dispatch on a limited plot of land.
This palletiser/loader combination also enables the plant to operate continuously, as trucks are loaded when present in the loading bay and the palletiser is used when no trucks are present. The palletised stacks are then moved by a forklift to storage using slip-sheets.
To read the full article
Please sign in or register for FREE
Register for free »
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, plus receive a free printed magazine.
Read the article online at:Garment Wholesale Market
There are dozens of apparel markets in Guangzhou which generally distribute in 3 areas: Zhanxi road clothing zone, where Baima clothing market and Liuhua clothing wholesale market locate, focus on top-grade garments. While Shahe apparel wholesale zone, second largest wholesale market in Guangzhou, offers medium and low-end clothing. It has attracted both many domestic and overseas buyers such as middle-east and Africa due to its low price. And Shisanhang Garment Marketplace, which deals with exporting business in general and with substantial quantity, is the first priority for purchasing purpose.
Zhan Xi Road
Guangzhou Zhan Xi Clothing Wholesale Market is near to the Guangzhou Railway Station and the provincial bus station. It is the clothing distribution center in Guangzhou and South China. It plays a important role consist of Zhan Xi clothing wholesale building, Zhuo Mei clothing wholesale building, and Jin Du clothing building. All of them are in Zhan Xi Rd area.
PS:
Zhan Xi Road is very famous as the Fake Products Heaven in Guangzhou. There are a lot of fake famous brands clothes, bag, watch, shoes, mobile phone and etc. Foreign customers, no matter come for wholesale or shopping small amount, all can get their crazy exciting experience at here.
Bai Ma Garment Wholesale Market
It has the largest trading volume in the high-end apparel market. It operates more than 2,000 households, not only garment enterprises in the Pearl River Delta region, Zhejiang Province, Fujian Province,.
Tips
Baima Market`s products with better quality, higher price, most are original brands(local Chinese brands)
Liuhua Clothes Wholesale Market
Liuhua clothing wholesale market has 13 clothing wholesale centers, including a large-including Baima, Bubugao, Tian Ma clothing market, Xin Da Di , Fu Li wholesale market. Liuhua clothing & apparel market has 40 billion RMB sale every year. centers, information centers.
Jin Xiang Underwear Wholesale Market
It is China's largest underwear and socks wholesale market. The variety, style innovation, and updated very fast. At home and abroad gathered hundreds of brand underwear socks, thousands of styles and grades, various style, and great delivery to meet the needs of those admitted.
A mighty steam organ of an article, adorned with the title University Legal Education in Canada is Corrupt Beyond Repair, blasts forth in the October 2009 issue of the scholarly journal Interchange.."
With the mood now established, Martin lets loose with his central theme – legal education: "When one observes a dismal current reality, there is a tendency to assume that there once existed a golden age. The best that can be said is that there was, in the 1950s and 1960s, a bronze age. During this period, some Canadian law faculties managed to reach the level of second-rate American law schools."
Here, as in the rest of his article, Martin sprinkles in a few specific examples. One, especially, provokes thought:
."
(Martin's point here is more complex than I could quite follow. He undoubtedly knows that we know that the whole point of shopping at a Wal-Mart store is the fantastically low – not high – prices.)
"The other Ontario law faculties," Martin continues, "brought their fees into line with those at the University of Toronto. Given the wretched quality of the 'education' being offered, fees at this level are both extortionate and fraudulent. If tuition fees were to bear any resemblance to the inherent quality of what was being purchased, they would likely be set at the level of $12 per year."
Martin brings everything to a rousing conclusion that, one way or another, pretty much explains everything:
"There are two phrases that can be used to describe every law faculty in Canada. The phrases are: 'feminist seminary' and 'psychotic kindergarten'."
(Thanks to Martin Gardiner for bringing Professor Martin to myMONQ has done it again with their new line of Feel Nature aromatherapy diffusers based on forest therapy.
What the heck is forest therapy?
Forest therapy is based on a Japanese practice (Shinrin-yoku) that uses the forest to improve your physical state through your senses. Many people notice feeling more relaxed and grounded after walking through nature. Studies have shown that walking in the forest has an array of benefits including: reduced anxiety, lowered blood pressure, decreased heart rate, and much more.
Forest therapy and aromatherapy
In our busy lives it can be hard to find the opportunity to visit a forest or the beach to have fun and receive some of the benefits of forest therapy. That’s where aromatherapy comes in. Through aromatherapy we are able to expose ourselves to some of these elements of nature without leaving the comfort of our homes.
MONQ Feel Nature blends
Cypress, fir, juniper, and pine can be found in each Feel Nature blend bringing the essence of the forest into a tiny tube. Each blend is reminiscent of a particular place – mountains, forest, and the ocean – and the scents instantly transport you to those places leaving you in a nice calm state.
- Forest MONQ – This blend carries you away to the forest with its blend of black spruce, douglas fir, sandalwood and other essential oils. As MONQ founder and CEO, Eric Fisher, says, “This blend was literally inspired by Shinrin-yoku, or forest bathing. It emulates the peace and freedom that comes from taking a walk down your favorite path in the woods.”
- Mountain MONQ – Primarily made of juniper, peppermint, and scotch pine. Take yourself away to a mountain summit by inhaling this refreshing blend.
- Ocean MONQ – This is our fav and for good reason. Largely blended with eucalyptus, lime, and tangerine you’ll instantly be transported to a tropical beach with a tasty drink in hand. Yes please!
Take yourself away to far off places with the new MONQ Feel Nature blends available now for $26.50. Grab the 3-pack for $76.50 and save yourself a dollar on each blend.
A big thanks goes out to Jannine from HappyStylishFit for this guest post!
Jannine Pampu is a local fashion and lifestyle blogger that helps women find their happy through fashion, beauty, and living a positive healthy lifestyle.
Check out her website for tips for fashion, beauty, mindfulness and more.Your deadlines don’t change because you’re short-staffed and need extra manpower. We have a deep bench of top digital marketing and eCommerce talent for you to tap into when the work needs to get done now, without having to bring on a full-time hire. The ProSearch Interim and contract staffing solution quickly fill any necessary gaps without your organisation slowing down.
Contracting Benefits
How We Deliver
Contract to Hire
Seeking to evaluate the skills, creativity, cultural fit, drive and prospective value of tech & digital talent before you commit to a permanent hire? Our Contract-to-Hire Solution helps you mitigate hiring risks while optimising hiring ROI.
Jesse was born a fighter, and fought until he passed away suddenly, on Monday, August 22, 2016 at South Huron Hospital, Exeter at the age of 1 year, 8 months and 24 days. Jesse was the beloved twin son of Denise (Meagher) Rowcliffe and Chris Ingram of Hensall. Jesse will be missed by his constant companion, and twin brother David. Jesse’s broken-hearted grandparents are Jim and Cathy Meagher of Dublin, Marlene Ingram of Dashwood, and the late David Ingram (2007). Dear nephew of Scott and Sandra Ingram, and Kim and Keith Hurman all of Dashwood, and the late Pat Meagher. Jesse will also be missed by his cousins.
Friends may call at the Haskett Funeral Home, 370 William Street, Exeter (1 street west of Main) on Thursday evening 6-9 PM, where the funeral service will be held on Friday, August 26th at 11 AM with Pastor Doug Watson officiating.
Interment Hensall Union Cemetery.
Donations to Children’s Health Foundation (Children’s Hospital-NICU) or Ronald McDonald House.
Brenda and Ivan Hern
Denise and Chris – we were very sorry to hear of your loss. A hard to road to go down without Jesse. We offer you our condolences, peace and prayers.
– Ivan and Brenda
Sue Riley
Another angel for heaven,,,,,thinking of you during this difficult time – Neil McAllister and Sue Riley
Dave and Bev Louwagie
Chris, Denise ,David, Jim and Cathy
So sorry to hear of the sudden passing of your son/brother/grandson while we were away on holidays. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
Dave, Bev, Brendan, Laura and Michelle Louwagie
Carol Somerville
Marlene and family:
I am thinking of you at this very sad and difficult time. What a darling little boy from the on-line pictures. You will have them and all your precious memories. Take care of yourself and each other.
Carol Somerville
Rick & Barb Ingram
Chris, Denise and David
So sorry to hear of the loss of baby Jesse. You have been in our daily thoughts and prayers.
Ron & Brenda Greig
We were so sorry to hear of Jesse’s passing. Treasure all the memories and the photos that you have of Jesse. Our thoughts are with you at this time.
Ray Taylor
Chris, Denise and David
Sorry for your loss, and may your friends and family give you the strength to endure.
Our thoughts are with you.
John Campbell & Nancy Ackert
Sorry to hear about the passing of your son, our deepest sympathy to you and your family.
Chuck & Pam Ross
We were so saddened to hear about the passing of your sweet Jesse. You are all in our thoughts and prayers.
Terry & Judy McCarthy
To Denise, Chris, Jim & Cathy: Please accept our deepest sympathy & prayers for your loss. Treasure all those wonderful pictures & memories you have.
Thinking of you
Terry & Judy McCarthy
Patty Schenck and family
I am so sorry for your loss. My thoughts are with you.
Della Carroll Smith
Denise, Chris, David, Cathy and Jim,
Words fall short of us expressing our sorrow for your loss…our deepest condolences….Murphy Mitchell drivers.
Victor Sawchuk
So sorry to hear about the loss of your lovely child !My condolences to you Chris and the Ingram Family ! Vic Sawchuk
Wayne Ingram and family
Chris and Denise – we’re so sorry to hear of your loss. Our hearts go out to you and your family.
Floyd & Mary Johnston
Please accept our sincere condolences. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of you at this difficult time.
Jerry & Linda Traquair
Dear Denise, Chris, David and families,
Words really seem inadequate, but we truly are sorry for your loss. Jesse was a beautiful child.
John & Carol Coleman
Denise, Chris, David & families
There are no words that can be spoken that offer you any relief from the sadness & pain. Please know that our hearts are very heavy as we offer our most heartfelt condolences to you all. Such immense sadness of a love lost too soon.
John & Carol Coleman
Cathy Batten
Denise,Chris,David and Families
So sorry to read of Jesse’s passing.Sending you all my Sincere condolences at this sad time. Treasure the short time you had with him with the special memories & photos you have of him. He will always be a part of you in David’s eyes & a special guardian angel to you all. Thinking of you all,hugs❤️
Cathy
John & Arlene Berendsen
SORRY TO HEAR OF YOUR LOSS…THINKING OF YOU AT THIS TIME ..JOHN BERENDSEN & FAMILY
Janet Prout
Denise, Chris, David and families
There are no words at this difficult time with the loss of your sweet son.
Please know your are in our thoughts and prayers.
Sincerely,
Pete , Janet ( Prout) & Megan Tuckey
Don & Mary P. Kocher & family
To the Ingram & Meagher families: We were so sorry to hear about the loss of your son /grandson, Jesse. We know this will be a very difficult time, for all of you. May you find comfort in the loving memories of your little boy, who will live forever in your hearts. Our deepest sympathy to all of Jesse’s loving family.
Glenn and Missy Pfaff & family
Thinking of you all at this most profoundly sad time. Our hearts go out to you.
Irving and Ruth Reid
To Grandma Marlene and Family of little Jesse James. Sorry to hear of your sudden loss and want to express our
sincerest sympathy to all as you go through this difficult experience of parting with your precious bundle of joy.
In days ahead may special memories comfort you of the joy he gave you during his brief time with one and all.
Rooseboom
Denise, Chris and David
We cannot express how we feel, there are no words. Jesse will always be remembered for his raise of the eyebrow followed by that little giggle.
He has forever changed our lives and will never be forgotten.
Love you, Jake, Deanne, Riley, Becca and Connor xoxo
Margaret Rowland
Denise & Chris,
My deepest sympathy at this very sad time of loss. Our children are special gifts to us that we never want to part with. Treasure the time he was with you and know Jesse will now forever watch over you and yours.
Peace & healing,
Margaret Rowland
Heather and Bill Forrest
Chris, Denise and little man David; We have all experienced a form of loss, nothing, no words cover your loss. The love you both have for your boys shined through your eyes, grasped my heart. Love and memories will help you through these trouble times, your friends and family, are and always will be by your side. Hugs,
Kim McKay
Denise and Chris and David I am so very sorry for your loss! My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family’s!
Cor & Leslie Groot
Chris, Denise, David, Jim, Cathy & families
We are heart broken to hear of yet another loss to your family. We are so very saddened and sorry to hear of little Jesse’s passing. Although we do not know why these things happen, we hope that Jesse’s sweet smile and short time here on earth has left you with a life time of precious memories. We will be thinking of you all during this most difficult journey.
Our deepest sympathies.
Johanne Johns
Chris and Denise, I am so sorry for your loss. Such a precious little man…
Johanne Johns
Willie and Linda O'Rourke
To – Chris, Denise,and David
Marlene & family
May your heart be comforted by fond memories of Jesse.
With caring Sympathy,
Willie and Linda O’Rourke
Chris and Jen Downie
Spank and Denise,
So sorry for your loss, our deepest sympathies to you.
Our thoughts are with you during this sad time.
Linda Charrette
Chris, Denise, David and Families…….My sincerest sympathy to you in your time of such great loss….my thoughts and prayers are with you…..Linda Charrette
Stephanie Bisbee
Ingram Family,
I am so very sorry for the loss of your handsome little man Jesse. Even though we have never met Chris and haven’t worked very long together, you are part of a large ADS family and you are in the prayers of many here in Findlay, Ohio. Thank you for sharing the many wonderful pictures of your family and your precious little boys. You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.
Steve Campbell
We’ve been through a lot together and friends since childhood, more like a Big brother. Words, thoughts nor feelings can express what you and your family are going through, just know that we are here for you any given day.
My deepest sympathy.
Love ya buddy
Steve & Kim , Cassidy , Renee and Payton
Karen Meikle and Rick Boyd
So sorry for your loss, this is truly heartbreaking. Our deepest sympathies to you all. syncerely Karen Meikle and Rick Boyd
Susan Morris
Chris,
I’m so sorry to hear about your sweet baby boy. My thoughts are with you and your family at this very sad time.
Susan (Armtec Orangeville)
Cheryl Warden
No words can express the sadness during this difficult time in your lives. Remember all the great times you had with Jesse and always know that a part of him will still live on in you and he will always be by David’s side. Thinking of you all.
Cheryl (McCarter) Warden
Roberta Partridge
Denise, Chris, and David. There are no words anyone can say to you right now to make you feel better. It was such a shock to here the news that Jesse was gone. The only thing I can think to say is that there is a whole lot of family in heaven to take Jesse into their arms and love him as much as we did. And just as many family here to comfort you!!!! Love Aunt Rob and Kevin , Brian and Megan and families.
Shawn and Ashley ryan
Scott, Densie, David and family,
We are thinking of you all right now. As a mother I can’t imagine what you are going through. Our deepest condolences to you and your family. Thoughts and prayers are with you now and try to embrace and think of all the happiness Jesse brought to you and your family.
Xoxo
Carrie
Chris, Denise and David. Our hearts are breaking for your family during this difficult time.
Jesse will live on in your memories. So sorry for your loss.
Carrie and Jr Thornton.
Jody and Mike Rader
Our thoughts are with you all.
A life so small always leaves behind memories so big.
May you hold them close to your heart.
Laura Overholt
Chris, Denise and David,
I am so sorry for the lose of your sweet baby boy Jesse.
Please know I am thinking of you at this very difficult time.
Laura
Jamie & Anne Bedard
Chris, Denise & family,
We were so very sorry to hear of your loss. May your memories of Jesse, and the love of your family and friends, surround you and give you strength and peace in the days ahead.
Diane McCarter
Denise, Chris and families,
So sorry for the loss of your precious son Jesse.
Thinking of you at this sad and difficult time.
Diane McCarter
Bill and Sue Stoll
Chris , Denise and David Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your families as you go threw this difficult time. Words alone cannot express how sorry we are for you and your families. Cherish the memories with the time you had with him . At least you will know David will have a guardian angel looking over him Sue and Bill Stoll
Tim Ondrovcik (Blenhiem Yard)
Chris, Denise and family
No words can be said of the loss of a child.
My thoughts and prayers are with you.
Shirley Federkow
I would like to express my condolences to Kim and Keith and all the family involved , may I just say it is not good news that’s for sure , but in gods eyes he loaned him to you and now he wants him back. You were great parents and family to him trust in God, for he blesses him and you were very blessed to have had him. All my love and prayers go out to you, Aunt Shirley xoxo
chris wurm
Chris, Denise, Marlene & families. So sorry to hear of Jesse’s passing. My heart goes out to all of you. You are in my thoughts & prayers. Hugs!
Cathy Glavin, Trevor Edwards and family
Chris, Denise, David and family. We were so saddened to hear of the passing of your beloved son Jesse. There is sometimes no explanation for why these things happen. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all, please know that we are all grieving alongside you and hope that you will someday know peace and have some solice in knowing he is truly among the angels now and you will someday meet again. Please let Trevor or I know if there is anything at all you may need.
Love, Trevor, Cathy and kids
Robert and Chris Anstett
We are so sorry to hear of your loss. Our thoughts are with you and your family.
Andy and Janet Brown
Jim, Cathy and family
Our sincere condolences on the death of your grandson, it seems like you are being tested a lot, our prayers are with you and your family.
Linda Mills
Denise, Chris and little David Sending our sincerest sympathy at this sad time We just want you to know that we are thinking about you
Linda Mills and Jamie Mills
Shawn and Deb Vanstone and family
Spanky, Denise and David. With saddened hearts we offer our condolences. Jesse was such a joy to everyone who was so blessed to be around him. Our love, thoughts and prayers are with you and your families during this most difficult time.
Linda Fahner
Denise, Chris, David and Marlene and family : words alone cannot express the sadness I feel for all of you with the loss of your beautiful boy, Jesse. His big blue eyes and happy smiles will be engraved in your hearts forever. It isn’t fair that he was taken so soon. Only God knows why. Keeping all of you in my thoughts and prayers as you find strength during this time of hardship. Please know that we are here if you need anything.
Linda Fahner
Denise, Chris, David, Marlene and family, words alone cannot express the sadness I feel for all of you with the loss of your beautiful boy, Jesse. I can only imagine how you must feel. His big blue eyes and happy smiles will be engraved in your hearts forever. A little guardIan angel to watch over David. Thinking of you and keeping all in my prayers. We are here if you need anything.
Aunt Linda & Dennis
Pauline Preszcator (Passmore)
Denise and Chris My heart break’s for you and your family. All my love.
Brenda Palsa
Denise, Chris and David – there are no words to express our sadness for you- remember there is a community of family and friends here for you always – may faith comfort you
Scott&Dar Bell
Spank, Denise, David and Marlene. Our hearts break for you all! What a sweet flirt your little man was. Such a ham. He will live on forever in your hearts and memories. God sure got a special little angel. Please remember you are surrounded by love and support. Sending huge hugs and much love.
Scott and Dar, Amanda, Bella, Jenna, Joey and Dean Xx
Glen & Peggy Restemayer
Chris, Denise, David & Marlene,
We were saddened to read about Jesse passing away.
May you find strength in each other as you deal with this loss.
Keeping you in our thoughts & prayers as you go through this
difficult time.
Sincere Sympathy,
Glen & Peggy
Kelly Maguire
So sorry for your loss Denise. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
John & Steph Towton
Chris & Denise,
We are truly sorry for your loss. The loss of Jesse is truly heartbreaking. Our heart aches for you, Chris, David and the rest of your family. We only had the opportunity to meet Jesse the one time recently but he will be terribly missed.
“Although it’s difficult today to see beyond the sorrow, may looking back in memory help comfort you tomorrow.
Although no words can really help to ease the loss you feel, just know that you are very close in every thought and prayer.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.”
We are always here for you.
Ken and Nichole, Amanda Hurman and John Tater
Iam so sorry to hear of the passing of Jessie, and would like to give our condolences to you and your family. Ken,Nichole Amanda Hurman and John Tater
Erin Traquiar
Our deepest sympathies to Denise, Chris, David and all those who love Jesse. It was such a blessing that he fought to live so you could experience his love, but I’m sure that makes his passing even harder for you to endure. We can’t even begin to imagine your pain at this time, and hope you find comfort in your many wonderful memories of Jesse.
Sending You Love, Prayers, and Great Big Hugs,
Erin Traquair, Jamie, Taya & Eva Cornish.
Eduard, Karin, Stefan and Christina Zehetner
Denise, Chris, David and family
we are so sorry to hear about your precious baby boy Jesse! To hear about he loss of such a young life is heartbreaking! You are in our thoughts and in our Prayers!
Norm Atkins
Something amazing has to come from this tragedy. I know it’s hard to imagine that now but no greater power puts humans through this for nothing. Keep your heads up and be sure not to miss it. I’m sorry I have no point just words I’m just so sad for you’s Hugs and kisses Chris Denise David
Love the Atkins Family
Leon & Beatrice Louwagie
Denise , Chris , David , Cathy and Jim ,
We are heartbroken to hear the news of little Jesse’s passing The Lord needed a beautiful little angel in heaven and….unfortunately He chose your precious Jesse . Our thoughts and prayers are with you all at this sad time and may the memories of your little angel give you the strength to get through this most difficult time .
With love and hugs
Leon & Beatrice Louwagie
Mark & Shonyn Coward
Chris, Denise and David Sorry to hear about Jesse….. so heartbreaking. Find comfort knowing that David now has an extra special Guardian Angel watching over him. May the smile on Davids face give you the strength you need in the days to come. You are all in our thoughts and prayers.
Shonyn, Mark, Alix ,Nate & Will
Margaret Brintnell
Chris, Denise, David, Marlene & all your families
Just so sad – so sweet & young. Thinking of you all at this very sad time. My sympathy.
Dave McCurdy and Amanda Vojin
Denise, Chris and David,
We are so sorry for your loss. Our thoughts are with you at this difficult time.
Dave, Amanda, Carlie, Erica and Joel
Karen & Randy Stanlake
There are no words we can say to take away the pain. Jesse will have a special place tucked away in your hearts, always with you.
Please accept our sincerest of condolences.
Melanie & Lisa
Denise, Chris & David…..
Lisa and I are so sad to hear of Jesse’s passing. Our deepest condolences and our hearts pour out to you.
When it hurts the most, please try to remember,
The only thing Jesse knew of this life, was true and unconditional love.
Mary Ann Holland
Chris, Denise and David: We are sorry to hear of Jesse’s passing, We can’t imagine the pain that you are going through, and our thoughts are with you and your family during this difficult time. Cherish all of your great memories that you have made since the boys were born. Jesse brought much joy to your lives in the short time that he was here. Take care, Big Hugs!
Mary Ann, Cam, Mackenzie
Brenda Jones
Marlene & family my deepest sympathy goes out to you and your family. No words can take away the pain..My thoughts and prayers are with u and your family..
Kevin & Julie Coolman
We are so very sorry for your loss. You are in our thoughts and prayers.
Diane M. Osborn
Denise, Chris, David, Kathy & Jim – Please accept my sincere sympathy at this sad time. As I read on facebook we are all here just as tourists and I guess that is true. Some get a long holiday and others very short. I cannot imagine your sadness – just keep the happy times close to your hearts.
Darlene Stewart
Denise and Family,
We are filled with sorrow to hear of the loss of your little one. Thinking of you all and praying for your strength at this most difficult time. Hugs.
Mike, Darlene, Carly and Kaycee
Dale and Christie Allen
Our thoughts and prayers are with your family during this difficult time.
Bob, Sharon, Megan, Nicole & Scott Pavkeje
We are so sorry to read of your son’s passing. Please know that we are thinking of you.
Brenda & Greg Dayman
Chris, Denise, David & Marlene……So sorry to see the passing of your son, brother & grandson…such a sweet, Beautiful boy, Jesse was. He will be David’s Guardian Angel for Life! There are no words now, that can bring you comfort, but hopefully your beautiful memories will ease your pain in the days ahead. Thinking of you all!!!
Mike & Joy Finlayson
My heart breaks for you all. Thinking of you all. Much love. Mike & Joy
Shawn and Sheri Hurman
Thinking of your family during this hard time. Our hearts go out to you.
Mary Ellen Gerber
Dear, Chris, Denise, David, Jim and Cathy.
Im sorry I have no words, my heart is broken,
Hold on tight to the memories,
Of that sweet baby boy,
His beautiful big , bright clear blue eyes
Will keep him in my memory
So very, very sorry
Sending you all love, peace and strength
To get thru all the sadness at this time.
You are all in my thoughts and heart
RIP sweet baby Jesse, you will be
Forever missed by many
Big Hugs of comfort sent your way
Aunt Mary Ellen
Great Aunt Mary Ellen to Jesse
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Brittany and Josh Beaudin
Thinking of yous at this difficult time, truly shocking and heartbreaking ! There are no right words to say.. Xo
Jason Imanse
Chris and Denise, our whole family sends prayers and strength to you during this very difficult time.
Imanse family
Andrew, Ruth, Jason, Garry, Ryan and families
John and Marnie Hill
Our hearts break for you and you will be in our thoughts. There are no words.
Paul and Marina Handy
Thinking of you and your families. Sending prayers. There are no words to express how very sorry we are.
Ray & Jackie
•We are at a loss for words during this sorrowful time. Please know that we are thinking of you for peace and comfort.
Ray,Jackie,Jamie & Jolene
Jackie
Denise and Chris
Jesse pulled at my heart strings the 1st time I met him. Jesse was a very joyful and loving toddler. Jesse will be sadly missed by many. You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.
Liz Campbell
Chris, Denise, David and your families,
We are so very sorry for your loss of Jesse, God needed another little angel with him and he is the only one that knows why. Cherish all the memories you have had with him and know that he is with you everyday watching over you all. So very sorry. Hugs and prayers sent your way.
Ron Kennedy & Liz Campbell
Kari Debruyn
Chris, Denise, David and Family,
We are so saddened to hear of the passing of Jesse. Our heart breaks for all of you. Please remember to lean on each other through this, hold onto the wonderful memories you had with Jesse. We are so very sorry.
Kari & Marty Debruyn & Family
Cheryl & Rob Bilcke
Denise, Chris and David…
So sorry to hear of your loss…our thoughts and prayers are with you and your families at such a difficult time..
Brett and Kelsey
Chris, Denise and David sorry to hear about Jesse, thinking of you three in this sad time
Mary Ellen Finlayson
Chris, Denise, David and families,
So sorry to hear about the passing of Jesse. You have had your share of heartaches and I know that you have the strength and courage to get through these next few days. You have a great support system and they will be there for you during this difficult time. If you need anything please do not hesitate to ask. Please take of yourselves. So sorry……..
Mark, Mary Ellen, Jack and Sam Finlayson
Dwayne Lawrence
Denise and Chris,
I am so.sorry to hear of your son’s passing. My heart goes out to you and your families. Please accept my sincerest condolences.
Dwayne Lawrence
Ed and Dawna Maloney
Chris, Denise and David.. Sending out condolences to you at this difficult time.. Truly heartbreaking!
Denise
Keeping all of you in our prayers and thoughts on the loss of your little angel. Bug hug Denise Bedard and family
Paul & Ruth Ann Eckert
Chris & Denise
I cannot even begin to imagine what you are going through right now. Know we are thinking of you, and wish there was something we could do. Love
.
Janet Traquair & Doug Jones
Our deepest sympathies to Denise, Chris and David, the Meagher and Ingram families, you are in our thoughts and prayers!
John & Nancy White & Family
Denise, Chris and David
We wish to express our deepest sympathy on the loss of your beautiful son and brother Jesse. Please know that our thoughts and prayers are with all of you at this very difficult time.
Megan Felker
Dear little Jesse – he was so loved and will be so missed. My heart is broken for you all. He will always remain in my heart. My thoughts and prayers are with you at this unbearably sad time.
Doris Caesar
I ,m sending my deepest smypathy to Gramma Marlene and to Jesse ‘s family I just can’t believe a happy wee boy has to be taken so young..It break’s your heart.
Lot’s of love @hug’s,
From your cousin Doris
Wingham Ont.
Kelly & Kevin Butt
Chris & Denise,
We are so sorry to hear about Jesse. There are never any words to say to help ease the pain but know that you are in our thoughts & prayers. Remember the happy memories that you have of Jesse & David and may they comfort you in the difficult days ahead.
Sending hugs to you and your family.
Doris Caesar
To the family of little Jess and Gramma Marlene you have my deepest smypathy. He will be missed every day.
Iwill be thinking of you Marlene and your family. See you soon.
Love and hug’s,
Your cousin Doris and Family.
Wingham, Ont.
Dave Broom, Nina Fizzard
Chris and Denise
No words can express our sadness for your loss of Jesse.
Our deepest sympathy to you both and your families.
Eduard, Karin, Stefan and Christina Zehetner
Denise, Chris, David and family
we are so sorry to hear about your loss! Our hearts go out to all of you! The sudden loss of such a young life is a terrible shock! Jesse will stay with you in your memories!
Eduard, Karin, Stefan and Christina Zehetner
Denise, Chris, David and family
we are so sorry about your loss! Our hearts go out to all of you! The sudden loss of such a young life is a terrible shock! Jesse will live on in your memories.
DougCase
Our thoughts and prayers are with you ar this very sad time. Doug and Deb Case
Kim Taylor
Denise, Chris & Families
I am sorry to hear of Jesse’s passing. My thoughts and prayers are with all of you during this time. Although Jesse was only hear for a short time you can all cherish the time you spent with him and know he will continue to watch over all you from above!!
Take care and never hesitate to reach out when needed
Tracy (Francis), Ray, Jason & Jessica Lamont
Denise, Chris, David, Jim and Cathy
Our thoughts and prayers are with you at the loss of your dear Jesse. Sadly we know your pain so if you need anything or just to chat sometime we are a phone call away. We are heart broken for all of you.
Tracy (Francis), Ray, Jason and Jessica Lamont
Bonnie, Chuck Forron
We are sorry to hear of your loss. Our thoughts are with your family.
Marion McCarter
Denise, Chris, David, Marlene and families
Thinking of you and realizing how sad and difficult this is. There are no words…. way too young and David has lost
his best buddy and brother and you a son and grandson. Hugs to all! Deepest Sympathy.
Marion
Jason, Julie, Austin , Jordan and Cody
Chris, Denise and David. Jesse brought so much joy into all of our lives. He will be forever remembered and loved. You know that we are always here for you. Love and hugs.
Jaybe and Steve willemse
Our hearts ache for you all during this difficult time. Prayers and love sent your way.
Stephanie Hovius
So sorry to hear of Jesse’s passing. I am thinking of all you during this difficult time.
Keith,Kim, Daniel,Jacob,Samantha and all family
Jesse will always live in our hearts ,one of the most smiley and happy little guy’s I ever had the pleasure of meeting . His memory will last forever. Our thoughts are with you’s .
Bev and Albert Hovius
Denise and Chris, Marlene and families. There are no words that can be spoken that offer you any relief from the pain. Please know that our hearts are very heavy as we offer our condolences to you all. Such immense sadness of a love lost so early.
Mary Lou & Ron Bilcke and Family
Denise and Chris,
We are so sorry for your loss….there are no words. Our thoughts are with you and your family during this difficult time.
Wayne & Cathy Cook
Chris & Denise and family,
So sorry to hear about the sudden passing of Jesse. We can’t even imagine what you must be feeling. Take care of each other , our thoughts are with you.
Cindy Berg
So sorry to hear of Jesse’s passing.
No words can express the sorrow.
Your family is in my and my families’ prayers.
Sue McLorn
Chris and Denise,
I was in absolute shock to hear about little Jesse. My heart goes out to all of you. He will be on my mind for a long time it is just so sad.check attach
6 days ago
5
Answer(1)
other Questions(10)
- public static void main(String args[]) { // read in each line from a file // create a Person of the appropriate type // add it to our ArrayList // sort the Array List
- University of Phoenix Material ABC Company History The ABC Company is a mid-sized company that manufactures goods in the United States and has begun to expand the operation overseas. The company maintains a healthy balance sheet and has reported positive
- Reflection
- fundamentals of corporate finance
- For the following question(s): A school counselor tests the level of depression in fourth graders in a
- social work #1
- Introduction to Finance
- for 1-Hour Writer only! [email protected]
- At the Battle of __________ Lee defeated Hookerâs forces, even though Lee was outnumbered two to one.
- HELP PLEASEYour cart is currently empty.
Tube Fenders for your 2007-2016 Jeep Wrangler JK. Looking to clear larger tires without having to install a huge lift – A set of after market tube fenders will give you the clearance you’re looking for. Jeep Wrangler JK tube fenders look great and perform even better – You can choose from steel or aluminium, and pre-coated, or paint your own.
- Sort by Default OrderLATE FUNCTIONAL PHASE
The late functional phase is characterized by a full range of motion, no effusion, and improved muscle strength and flexibility.Advanced closed chain exercises are added at this stage. The pro fitter continues Proprioceptive and balances training.
Stair master and versa climber are utilized to build muscular strength and endurance as well as aerobic conditioning.Quadriceps and hip musculature stretching are added as increased emphasis being placed on flexibility at this stage.
Isokinetic exercises include the progression to velocity spectrum training(60 to 400 degrees/sec), depending on the needs of the individual patient.Running is initiated when quadriceps strength approaches 80 percent.
At first, an underwater treadmill system is used since the buoyancy of the water decreases the amount of force is significantly less during retro running versus forward running. Retro running has also been found to increase quadriceps strength at slow Isokinetic speeds. when running forward the patient is encouraged to maintain a controlled sprint rather than a jog.
By staying on the ball of the foot, vertical or compressive loading is decreased.Before allowing the patient to return to sports activity, the therapist needs to do more than achieve normal range of motion and muscle strength.
The components of the patient’s sport or activity should be incorporated into the rehabilitation program as well. For example, basketball players need to jump and land. Therefore jumping activities should be included in their program.
More importantly, they should be taught how to land to protect their knees.
Golfers rely on a great deal of tibial rotation throughout the swing, their program, therefore, should include an assessment of their swing and a modification made if necessary. Agility drills in the form of figure eights, carioca, and cutting manoeuvres are included here as they replicate components of most team and racquet sports.
Prior to discharge from rehabilitation and the full return to sports activity, a series of tests must be satisfactory:
- Full range of motion.
- Flexibility acceptable for the needs of the activity.
- Total work within 10 percent of the non-involved extremity as muscle strength is measured isokinetically.
- Muscular endurance within 10 percent of the non-involved extremity as measured by the number of leg press repetitions using one-half the patient’s body weight.
- Functional power as measured by standing broad jump.
- Proprioception power as measured on BAPS board. Apprehension (lack of) with sport specific activities.gir drawing cupcake clipart and png images, 14 found
Cute cartoon cupcakes | Rainbow cupcake by ~ Hidden-Rainbows. Cute cartoon rainbow by
Dessert clipart valentine cupcake #8 - Cupcake PNG HD. Hd transparent images pluspng
Drawn sweets colorful cupcake #3. Drawn sweets colorful pencil
Cute Cupcake Request by kittykatklub1 .... Cute cupcake request by
Custom Adopt TN2 by YukikaChan.deviantart.com on @deviantART. Custom adopt tn by
EDIT: Cupcake Girl now has fingers and I've fixed a few minor details like some lineart and shading issues. :3 Apparently she's my 300th deviation!. Edit girl now has
6329x5603 Cute Cupcake Girl Clip Art. Baker clipart at getdrawings
Cupcake and Cookie Girls by Bibiforever .... And cookie girls by
Sugar Bake Logo Commission by YamPuff on DeviantArt. Sugar bake logo commission
Ravioli ravioli, don't lewd the cupcake loli. (The Cupcake as an anime girl drawing. Don't ask why.). Ravioli don t lewd
Similar images by gir drawing cupcake:The latest news on our work, how you can get involved and select news items from our network can be found here.
2020 CUEA AGM
Posted on: 19/10/2020
Our 2020 AGM will be taking place virtually on Thursday 26th November at 18:00. All alumni, students and staff from CUED are welcome to attend and apply for membership of CUEA.
CUEA Alumni Survey
Posted on: 20/12/2019
CUED is undergoing a major review of Part I of the Engineering Tripos. The Department has issued a survey to gather as much feedback as possible from Engineering graduates about their personal experience of the course and professional experience in the workplace. You can access the survey through the link below.
CUEA Student Project Support
Posted on: 20/12/2019
CUEA has contributed financially and supported the grant approval process of Dyson Projects and Student-led Project and Industry Partnerships (SPIP) within the Engineering Department. For further information and a list of this year's Dyson and SPIP projects please follow the link below.
Report: CUEA Lecture Series - Smart Civil Infrastructure and Construction
Posted on: 30/11/2019
The West Cambridge Site Campus has seen extensive expansion over the past few years, and Alumni are offered an opportunity to visit the Engineering facilities on the site and learn something of their current work
Report: Engineering on the West Cambridge Site Visit
Posted on: 30/09/2019
CUEA members were invited to visit various engineering divisions at the West Cambridge Site as part of the Alumni Weekend. Visits included the Schofield centre, Institute for Manufacturing, Civil Engineering, Whittle Laboratory and Electrical Engineering.
Engineering on the West Cambridge Site Visit
Posted on: 12/08/2019
The West Cambridge Site Campus has seen extensive expansion over the past few years, and Alumni are offered an opportunity to visit the Engineering facilities on the site and learn something of their current work
2019 CUEA AGM
Posted on: 12/08/2019
Our 2019 AGM will be taking place on Friday 27th September at the Institute for Manufacturing, 16:30. All alumni, students and staff from CUED are welcome to attend and apply for membership of CUEA.
Helia Launch - Cambridge University Eco Racing
Posted on: 12/08/2019
Cambridge University Eco Racing, one of the largest student teams at the Engineering Department would like to invite alumni of CUED to the launch of their vehicle, Helia, at the London Science Museum. They have been building a four seat road legal solar powered electric vehicle which will be the UK's Most Efficient Electric Car.
CUED Teaching Review
Leaders of the Undergraduate Teaching at CUED are undertaking a review of the course, to ensure Cambridge is able to educate its engineers at a world-leading level. If you have thoughts on examples CUED should be aware of or important aspects of education that should be addressed, please email cuea-enquiries@eng.cam.ac.uk.
2018 AGM and Alumni Festival
The programme of events hosted by CUEA at the Engineering Department on 21st September was attended by over 80 alumni, staff and students. Guests were treated to tours of the Department by enthusiastic students, lectures from esteemed members of staff, and annual reports on the re-launched CUEA.Startup Fundraising Master course - Raise Venture Capital
What you'll
Who this course is for:
- Entrepreneurs who is looking for fundraising
- solopreneurs who wanted to raise VC capital
- Startup founders who is planning for fundraising
- Business owners who wanted to make it big
- MBA graduate who wanted to startup
Course content
- Preview07:36
- Preview04:57
- 08:28Small business Vs Tech Startup
- 04:55Building MVP for your Startup
- 03:575 Reason why startup fail
- 00:02Start-up Basics PDF Notes
Instructor
I am Navdeep an MBA graduate from IBS Hyderabad. I worked at various startups like Gumlet as a Product Manager. I am closely related to entrepreneurship and did a Mentorship at some incubation and Accelerators centers to help various companies to build new products, business models, and various features to enhance the customer experience.Wrendale Designs
Featuring Wrendale's beautiful 'Poppy Field' fox design, this A5 spiral bound notebook will be all you need to stay organized. The notebook has a textured finish, the inner pages are lined and illustrated and there is an elastic to secure it closed. This notebook makes a great gift and is perfect for work on the go.
48 pages inside.- Dr. Susan
Wellness & Weight Loss w/ Dr Susan
Time is short and stress is overwhelming. How do you make the time to eat well, exercise and squeeze in some fun with all the other responsibilities you have?
Let a professional set up your wellness plan!
With over 25 years of experience developing personalized wellness plans that restore health and vitality to those feeling tired, defeated and desperate what are you waiting for?
The foundation of our successful wellness and weight loss plans is to incorporate your symptoms and various testing methods to reveal the cause of your complaints. Symptoms let us know something isn't working properly and nutritional testing identifies the compromised areas including imbalanced hormones, suboptimal nutrition, inflammation, adrenal fatigue, thyroid imbalances, infectious including parasitic infections.
Trust Dr. Susan she'll empower and educate you more about your health than any other doctor you've worked with.
Washington, D.C., United States [RenewableEnergyWorld.com] The Board of Managers of Solar Energy Trade Shows LLC (SETS) announced that Brian Tully will serve as executive director. SETS is a new joint venture formed by the Solar Electric Power Association (SEPA) and the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) last October to produce the Solar Power International and PV America trade shows.
The first announced events to be produced by SETS will be Solar Power International 2010, October 12-14 at the Los Angeles Convention Center and PV America 2011, April 3-5 at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in Philadelphia.
Tully brings to SETS nearly three decades of experience in various levels of trade show management at the Food Marketing Institute (FMI). In that role, he oversaw the annual FMI Supermarket Industry Convention.
At its peak, the event reached 550,000 net square feet while hosting 1,500 exhibitors and 36,000 attendees from 120 countries. During his time at FMI, Tully also started four vertical trade shows within the retail food industry, including MarkeTechnics, a business technology event that grew to 100,000 net square feet with participation from 350 companies and 7,000 attendees.
“I’m very excited to be part of one of the nation’s top B2B trade shows and to play a role in these world-class international events,” said Tully. “I’m proud to join SETS because clean solar power is playing an increasingly important role in creating American jobs and securing our energy independence.”What is Cisco 210-260 dumps? “Implementing Cisco Network Security” is the name of Cisco 210-260 exam dumps which covers all the knowledge points of the real Cisco exam. Latest Cisco 210-260 dumps exam test questions 100% pass youtube training with a high score. Pass4itsure Cisco 210-260 dumps exam questions answers are updated (310 Q&As) are verified by experts.
The associated certifications of 210-260 dumps is CCNA Security. Passing Cisco certification 210–260 exam is the stepping stone towards your career peak. Pass4itsure Cisco CCNA Security dumps sample questions can help you pass Cisco certification 210–260 exam successfully.
Exam Code: 210-260
Exam Name: Implementing Cisco Network Security
Q&As: 310
[New Updated Cisco 210-260 Dumps From Google Drive]:
[New Updated Cisco 200-155 Dumps From Google Drive]:
Pass4itsure Latest and Most Accurate Cisco 210-260 Dumps Exam Q&As:
QUESTION 11 exam Correct Answer: A
QUESTION 12
What VPN feature allows Internet traffic and local LAN/WAN traffic to use the same network connection?
A. split tunneling
B. hairpinning
C. tunnel mode
D. transparent mode
Correct Answer: A
QUESTION 13
Refer to the exhibit.
With which NTP server has the router synchronized?
A. 192.168.10.7
B. 108.61.73.243
C. 209.114.111.1
D. 132.163.4.103
E. 204.2.134.164
F. 241.199.164.101
210-260 dumps Correct Answer: A
QUESTION: 14
Each time our corporate development team makes a change to the service logic it is required to
publish a new version of the service contract. Our customers are complaining because their
service consumer programs become incompatible with new service contract versions and
therefore no longer work. Which of the following service-orientation principles is most likely
to help us solve this on-going problem? Select the correct answer.
A. Service Reusability
B. Service Statelessness
C. Service Loose Coupling
D. Service Autonomy
Answer: C
QUESTION: 15
When applying the Service Loose Coupling design principle, we want to the
coupling of the service logic to the service contract because that allows the service contract to
remain from the service logic. Select the correct answer.
A. increase, decoupled
B. reduce, decoupled
C. increase, coupled
D. reduce, coupled
210-260 pdf Answer: A
QUESTION: 16
Which of the following service-orientation principles support the application of the Service
Composability principle? SELECT ALL THAT APPLY
A. Standardized Service Contract
B. Service Autonomy
C. Service Integration
D. Service Statelessness
Answer: A, B, D
QUESTION: 17
The composition member is the runtime role assumed by a service with a capability that is
executing the parent composition logic required to compose capabilities within other services.
Select the correct answer.
A. True
B. False
210-260 vce Answer: B
QUESTION: 18
Which of the following characteristics is not a result of the consistent application of service
orientation principles? Select the correct answer.
A. reduced dependencies between services
B. increased availability and scalability of services
C. reduced behavioral predictability of services
D. increased awareness of services
Answer: C
QUESTION: 19
A service contract publishes information that makes guarantees about how the service will
behave at runtime and when it will be available. These types of guarantees are associated with
which service meta information type? Select the correct answer.
A. technology
B. programmatic
C. functional
D. quality of service
210-260 exam Answer: D
QUESTION: 20
As a first step toward replacing a corporate customer database, a company attempts to limit
access to customer services via an official Customer entity service. However, some time later it
is discovered that several applications have been bypassing the Customer service in order to
directly access the customer database. As a result, these applications exhibit which negative
form of coupling? Select the correct answer.
A. Contract-to-Implementation
B. Consumer-to-Implementation
C. Consumer-to-Contract
D. Contract-to-Technology
Answer: B
QUESTION: 21
Which of the following is not a design characteristic that is realized by the application of the
Service Reusability principle? Select the correct answer.
A. The service is defined by an agnostic functional context.
B. The service logic is generic.
C. The service is primarily associated with the task service model.
D. The service design approach is influenced by commercial product design practices.
210-260 dumps Answer: C
QUESTION: 22
The service-oriented architectural model is business-driven so that it can stay in alignment with
how the business may change over time. Select the correct answer.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
QUESTION: 23
I have a service composition with three services. Service A retrieves a list of country codes
from a database and keeps this data in memory while interacting with Service B and Service C.
However, because Service A is concurrently invoked many times, and because each instance of
Service A loads its own copy of the country code data into memory, the demands on the
overall infrastructure become too high and performance and reliability are negatively affected.
Which service-orientation principle can be applied to help solve this problem? Select the
correct answer.
A. Service Reusability
B. Service Autonomy
C. Service Abstraction
D. Service Statelessness
210-260 pdf Answer: D
QUESTION: 24
Which service-orientation principle would be used to justify a corporate policy that limits or
restricts access to technical specifications that show design and technology details about the
underlying implementation of a published service? Select the correct answer.
A. Service Discoverability
B. Service Statelessness
C. Service Autonomy
D. Service Abstraction
Answer: D
QUESTION: 25
Which of the following are considered characteristics associated with service-oriented
technology architecture? Select the correct answer.
A. vendor-neutral
B. business-driven
C. enterprise-centric
D. All of the above
210-260 vce Answer: D
QUESTION: 26
Which of the following are runtime roles associated with service compositions? SELECT ALL
THAT APPLY
A. composition controller
B. composition member
C. composition sequencer
D. composition sub-controller
Answer: A, B, D
QUESTION: 27
Which of the following statements is true? Select the correct answer.
A. The controller service in a service composition automatically loses autonomy because it is
required to compose other services that lie outside of its controlled boundary.
B. The controller service in a service composition automatically loses autonomy because it is
designed as a task service to which service-orientation design principles are not applied.
C. The controller service in a service composition loses autonomy only when state deferral
logic is not built into the service composition design.
D. None of these statements are true.
210-260 exam Answer: A
However, there can be different formats available Cisco Implementing Cisco Network Security exam and it all depends on the choice and convenience of the people that what format they like for their Cisco 210-260 dumps exam preparation. Cisco certification dumps exam has a pivotal position in the IT industry, and I believe that a lot of IT professionals agree with it.
Read More Youtube:Notebook A4 Moon Delight Blue
SALE
€18.95
Out of stock
This blue Pip Studio notebook from the Moon Delight collection is decorated with a paisley inspired design with painted leaves, flowers and butterflies that are combined into a rich layered motif. All pages are lined for writing.
- A4
- Ruled
- Size: 29.7 x 21 cm
- Hardcover
- Please note: the cut-out of the print may differ from the image
Write Your Own ReviewCheck-in baggage allowance
Can I redeem my Asia Miles for extra baggage allowances?
Yes, you can redeem your Asia Miles to pay for extra baggage. The amount of Asia Miles required varies, depending on your travel distance. Please contact Marco Polo Club or Asia Miles service centre at least 10 working days before your flight departure. You can also redeem extra baggage allowance at Cathay Pacific check-in counters worldwide. Please refer to Extra baggage charges for full details.
-?Goddess Shri Krishna gave birth to Lord Krishna but she was nurtured by Mata Yashoda. According to the scriptures, if a woman worships Mother Yashoda and Lord Shri Krishna on this day, then Lord Shri Krishna must see her in child form.
Importance of Yashoda Jayanti
The festival of Yashoda Jayanti is celebrated on the Sasthi Tithi of the Krishna Paksha of Phalgun month. On this day, worshiping Krishna ji and mother Yashoda while sitting in Yashoda ji’s Goth, all kinds of child related problems are eliminated and all his desires are fulfilled.
According to the scriptures, if a woman worships Lord Shri Krishna and Yashoda ji on the day of Yashoda Jayanti, then Lord Shri Krishna must give her a child form and fulfill all her wishes.
Kanha and Maia Yashoda’s relationship is unique
It may be known that Lord Krishna had given birth to Lord Krishna, but he was brought up by mother Yashoda. On the occasion of Yashoda Jayanti, there is a rush of devotees to worship and worship in Sri Krishna temples since morning.
It is known that Yashoda was the wife of Nanda of Nandgaon. Yashoda not only nurtured Kanha but also played an important role in the upbringing of his elder brother Balarama, son of mother Rohini and brother of Subhadra.
Mother Yashoda gave birth to daughter.
Mother Yashoda gave birth to a daughter, whose name was Ekanga, whom she flew when Kansa picked her up in her lap to kill, it is believed that she sat on the Vindhyavasini mountain and she was called mother. Worshiped as Vindhyavasini. Surdas has very beautifully depicted the pastimes of mother Yashoda and Bal Sri Krishna in his verses, which are very captivating and auspicious.
Yashoda Jayanti Puja Vidhi
- On the day of Yashoda Jayanti, a woman worshiping should wake up early in the morning and bathe in a holy river and wear clean clothes.
- After this, take a clean outpost and clean it by sprinkling Ganga water on it and install a urn by laying a red cloth over it.
- After installing the Kalash, install a picture or statue of Laddu Gopal sitting on Yashoda’s lap on it.
- After this, offer red chunri to mother Yashoda and all things like kumkum, fruits, flowers, sweet rot, panjiri, Makhan etc.
- After offering all these things, burn incense and lamps and duly worship Yashoda Mata and Lord Shri Krishna.
- After offering the aarti, offer sweet Roth to Goddess Yashoda and offer Lord Krishna to Panjiri and Makhan.
- Finally, after completing all the puja rituals, make sure to provide food to the cow. Because cow is very much loved by Lord Krishna.
Yashoda Jayanti Story
According to the legend, Goddess Yashoda did the harsh penance of Lord Vishnu. Pleased with this, Lord Vishnu asked him to ask for a boon, then mother Yashoda said that my wish will be fulfilled only when you come to my house as a son.
After this, Lord Vishnu said that in the coming time I will be born in the house of Vasudev and Devaki’s mother. But you will follow my care Time passed and it happened.
Lord Shri Krishna took a son as the eighth child of Devaki and Vasudeva, and after this Vasudeva left them to Nanda and Yashoda. So that they can be saved from Kansa’s anger and they can be brought up well. After this, Mother Yashoda followed Krishna Ji.
Which can not even be compared. Regarding Mata Yashoda, it has been said in the Shrimad Bhagwat – ‘From the God of liberation who received Kripaprasad Nandrani Yashoda, neither Brahmaji nor Shankar nor Lakshmi ji was found with his ardhangini.Attack FX E is a badge in Paper Mario. It hides in a chest at a house with no door in west Shiver City. Mario can obtain the badge by going from the house to the right, then use the ledges of the two houses to access that house. Mario finds this badge in a chest at the center of the first floor. The badge costs no Badge Points to equip. When equipped, it changes the sound effects of Mario's attacks to the sound of a Yoshi.The most important thing you can do right now is communicate with your customers and potential customers.
Do you have an email list/CRM? Use it! If you don’t, it is critical that you get one now. This list has a few great options. (And if you’re not sure which one you need, check out our article on CRMs here.
If You Don’t Have a Current E-Commerce Setup
- Offer a specific pickup menu – post this menu on your social media and website with clearly set prices.
- Use PayPal for Business to setup an online payment option.
- Use Acuity to set up curbside pickup.
If You Do Have a Current E-Commerce Setup
- Use targeted ads on social media to communicate your services. (Do you have a Facebook Pixel and LinkedIn Insight Tag to do this kind of targeting? If not, set one up! Or have us set one up for you.)
- Expand your delivery and pickup options.
Do You Need Help Putting It All Together?Limestone Crushing Plant, Crushing Plant, Limestone Crusher manufacturer supplier in China, offering 100-350tph Limestone Crushing Plant for Sale, Zenith Stone Crashing Machine, Crashing Machine for Sale, High Performance Stone Jaw Crusher with 50-800ton Hour and so on.China High Performance Crushing Line with Capacity 30-800 Tph, Find details about China Crushing Line, Stone Crushing Line from High Performance Crushing Line with Capacity 30-800 Tph - Shanghai Zenith Mineral .Limestone crushing,limestone crusher plant,limestone. Limestone is a non-renewable resource, with the continuous progress of science and technology and the development of nanotechnology Limestone application areas are further widened. After crushing by crusher and sand making machine, limestone can be applied in many fields.
Aggregate Jaw Crushing Plant, Jaw Crushing Plant, Crushing Plant manufacturer supplier in China, offering 50-800 Tph High Performance Aggregate Jaw Crushing Plant, Zenith Stone Crashing Machine, Crashing Machine for Sale, High Performance Stone Jaw Crusher.Complete limestone crushing and screening plant in salalah..SANME have many years designing and manufacturing experience in aggregate production plant, we can provide high performance, environmental and reasonable compatible equipment of aggregate processing plant for customers. Diabase Aggregates Processing. Andesite Crushing. Basalt Processing. River Pebbles Sand Making. Limestone Aggregates Processing.Jaw Crusher Line..High tech limestone crusher, high tech limestone crusher . Limestone Crusher Good Price Grease Seal Limestone Jaw Crusher For Sale Up to 5 years warranty High Crusher Impact Crusher Rocks High Performance PF1210 Rock Crusher Factory Price Mining Fine This series of vertial crushing machine is promoted on the basis of the same kind of crusher It is widely used in briquette, casting,.Mar 29, 2021 crusher, rod mill, rolls, stamp mill, and.2020 New Type Low Price Jaw Crusher Plant. Jan , crushing line, stone crushing line, rock crushing line manufacturer supplier in china, offering high performance crushing line with capacity tph, zenith pew limestone jaw crusher with high quality, zenith small portable rock jaw crusher with ce approved and so onChina stone crushing plant catalog of stone production line, stone crusher plant.100-800 Tph High Performance Crushing Line With Limestone..Mobile Crusher. offers a range of top-quality, high-performance mobile crushing and screening solutions for recycling, demolition, quarrying, mining and contracting applications.all-mobile equipment meets the highest specifications for mobility and versatility, both on-site and on-road.Crime / William Balfour Balfour's Troubles Go Way Back Hudson murder suspect had abusive mother, imprisoned father By Drew Nelles, Newser Staff Posted Dec 7, 2008 5:49 PM CST Copied Balfour's Troubles Go Way Back Jennifer Hudson's estranged brother-in-law was charged last week with three counts of first-degree murder in the shooting deaths of three of her family members. (AssociatedPress) (Newser) – William Balfour grappled with depression and rage for years before his arrest in the Jennifer Hudson family killings, the Chicago Tribune reports. The son of a convicted killer, Balfour lived in and out of correctional facilities, suffering physical abuse at home and smoking dope to quell his anger. After serving 8 years for attempted murder, he tried to turn his life around—by marrying Jennifer Hudson's sister. story continues below "The youngster harbors deep-seated feelings of hostility toward the maternal figure, whom he views as cruel and punitive," a counselor once wrote of him. Balfour fought with his wife Julia, who said Balfour threatened her life. On a day they argued, Balfour allegedly went to the Hudson home and opened fire. Balfour's mother later cried at a police station and told reporters her son was innocent. "I didn't raise no murderer," she said. (Read more William Balfour stories.) View 4 imagesAmaz and ever-evolving range of smartwatches. And to be honest, I’m quite a fan of the features, build quality, and value propositions their products offer. So, naturally, as soon as the T-Rex Pro became available, I had to test it, and here’s what I think of the watch.
Rugged & comfortable
The design of the T-Rex Pro has been upgraded from that of its predecessor, and I think the two-tone design of the Pro makes it look quite rugged and attractive. The 47mm polycarbonate case is well-built, which feels quite good to the touch. A 1.3-inch AMOLED display, integrated into the large case, features an always-on mode. Another upgrade is the use of tempered glass, which gives you added protection, along with a fingerprint-resistant coating, which makes it much easier to keep it clean over a long period of time.
Packed with features
Compared to the previous version, the Pro is packed with enhanced features. It now has over 100 sports modes and for enhanced tracking of your outdoor workouts, it supports four satellite systems – GPS, GLONASS, Beidou, and Galileo. Additionally, the Pro also features Amazfit’s new BioTracker 2 optical sensor, which allows it to not only monitor your heart rate but also your SpO2 level.
Performance
On the wrist, the Pro feels extremely comfortable. All controls – four physical buttons are mounted on the side – can be easily accessed via the touchscreen, which is quick and easy to use. I tested the Pro over a 4-week period, which allowed me to better assess its performance.
First, with its extended satellite support, the Pro’s distance readings are very accurate. The calorie count is also quite accurate, and the post-workout report is a delight to read, with its detailed and well-presented information. However, I am not quite sure of the accuracy of its heart rate monitor, for my heart rate during workout sessions fluctuated wildly, which didn’t make sense since all other variables of my workout – route, weather, pace, etc. – were the same.
Its resting heart rate measurements, though, seem quite reliable in comparison to its competitors. And a word of advice, while the watch’s measurement of SpO2 levels is quite similar to that of a good oximeter, the company maintains that this feature should only be used as a recommendation and that for more accurate measurements, you should rely on a standalone oximeter.
Overall, I would highly recommend the T-Rex Pro because of three reasons – a large, impressive set of features, good build quality, and good value, considering its price range. Also, I love the PAI reports, as the PAI gives you a score for your workout. And while it might just be a gimmick, but it does give you an idea of how well your workout was performed, not to mention the ego boost you get from it.
Pros: Good feature set and Well-built
Cons: Heart rate monitor can be unreliable
X-factor: With a large feature set and an affordable price, the T-Rex Pro offers a great package.Pay Online
Make a one-time payment, or create an account for easier account management and to receive payment notifications.
Pay by Phone
1-888-202-0827
for Utility Bills only
You will need your 10-digit account number. If you do not have your account number when you are ready to make your payment, please call the Village Hall at 847-746-1770.Conferred Graduates: Bachelor of Science
Biology
- Forsey,Carolyn Marie, General in Biology
- Gonzalez, Arturo, General in Biology
- Guscott, Robert, General in Biology
- Kajh, Kassandra Elizabeth, General in Biology
- O'Reilly, Jordan S., General in Biology
- Taaffe, Meaghan Alexandria, General in Biology
- Thavanathan, Mithujon, General in Biology
- Watters, Megan Margaret Nicole, General in Biology
- Williams, Drew, General in Biology
Geological Sciences
- Austin, Olivia, General in Geological Sciences
Life Sciences
- Hennigar, Baylee Alicah Mia, General in Life Sciences
- Isakovic, Aleksandra, General in Life Sciences
- Kwok, Jessica, General in Life Sciences with Distinction
- Lajeunesse, Myriam, General in Life Sciences
- Wang, Jiayu, General in Life Sciences
- Wei, Carrie Xueying, General in Life Sciences with Distinction
Mathematics
- Lu, Jiacheng, General in MathematicsDRADEN Vegan Leather Jacket
$146.25 $195
Final Sale
Long sleeve motorcycle jacket with zip-front closure, pill snaps, buckle belt at the hem, zippered waist pockets, decorative flap pocket and chest pocket, and zippered sleeve cuffs.Details:
- Body Material: 100% Polyurethane.
- Lining Material: 100% Recycled Polyester.
- Care Instruction: Wipe with a damp cloth if necessary. Do not wash. Do not dry clean. Refer to the care label inside the jacket for full instructions.
- Length: 22 1/2” approx. (size small)
The model is 175cm/5’9" and is wearing a size S.
Our company is completely vegan and cruelty free.
* Approximate range
Men's Shoe Sizing (Range from 7-13 US)
* Approximate range Kevin Lunsford said “ We are working diligently to identify and bring the suspect to justice. If anyone has any information call the Huntsville Police Department or Crimestoppers at (936) 294-9494. Please join us in prayers for all involved.”
Media inquiries:
Lt. James Barnes
Lt. Curt Landrum
(936) 291-5480
(936) 435-8001winnie brückner – singer arranger composer
studied jazz-singing and composition in weimar und luzern and is graduate of degree course at “lichtenberger® institut für angewandte stimmphysiologie”.
awardee of “leipziger jazznachwuchs-stipendium” und of the composition competition „gebt uns noten“ of german choir association. founder and musical director of niniwe vocal art, who won numerous prizes at international a cappella competitions (e.g. graz, tampere, taipei, aarhus, seoul).
bands and collaborations with many musicians, such as shoot the moon, glücklich1, max andrzejewski´s hütte, vox nostra, frank möbus, daniel erdmann, sebastian studnitzky, stefan schultze, nicolai thaerichen, raymond macdonald, maggie nichols & günter baby sommer.
touring in europe, asia & usa.
teaches jazz-singing, arrangement & choir at hfm „franz liszt“ in weimar and at bundesakademie trossingen. is instructor in many workshops & masterclasses, arranges for choirs and has also published a couple of arrangements at helbling verlag.
lives in berlin.Looking for help?
Get help from a professional specialist team
For any help with asbestos, whether it is a survey, test, removal or encapsulation, simply get in touch and we can help with what you need. Our team are trained professionals with the appropriate licences to carry out our work in accordance with legislation.
Ask us for a free quote
Simply tell us a bit about what you are looking for and we can take it from there, even if it is making the recommendations to you as to what you might need to do. All of our quotes are free.
What our clients say
Great company, brilliant service from start to finish, very professional and fast to respond to any queries. Also priced very competitively so I couldn’t recommend highly enough.I must confess that my approach to doing “Before They Were Stars” entries right now is not to select a star and search for one of their earliest projects, but to select a cheesy TV show from my childhood and find out if any future stars ever appeared on them. The other day, I found out that a young Freddie Prinze Jr. appeared on Family Matters and now I’m thrilled to discover that 19-year old Carla Gugino made one of her earliest acting appearances on an episode of ALF. You may recall that in later seasons, they added a Ralph Macchio-lookalike to the cast named Jake, a teenager who moved in with the next door neighbours because his father was in prison and wound up becoming good friends with ALF. In this episode, Jake learns some stalking lessons from ALF by hanging outside the bedroom window of a girl he likes, who is played by Carla Gugino.
Search
TBRchives
Categories
Behind the CurtainWith the teams tied after day one, Canada had to prevail in two of three matches to oust Slovakia and secure a spot in the Davis Cup Finals slated for this November in Madrid. After falling in doubles, Félix Auger-Aliassime and Denis Shapovalov delivered masterful performances to give Canada the win.
The final day kicked off with doubles. An hour before the players were expected on court, Slovakia announced that Martin Klizan would take Igor Zelenay’s place alongside Filip Polasek. The teen team of Félix Auger-Aliassime (18 years old) and Denis Shapovalov (19 years old) held their own with an early break that helped them claim the first set but their opponents soon bounced back. In the hotly contested second set, a break for Slovakia as the nation was up 6-5 forced the decisive third set. Klizan and Polasek kept the momentum going all the way to a 3-6, 7-5, 6-3 win that gave Slovakia a 2-1 lead.
In the fourth rubber, the two countries’ highest ranked players went head-to-head. Shapovalov and Klizan were meeting for the second time after facing each other last year in Saint Petersburg. On the red clay in Bratislava, the Canadian got his revenge. He chalked up a 5-2 lead but still needed seven match points to take the first set. Forging ahead, he earned the seventh Davis Cup win of his career (7-6(4), 6-4).
The fifth match would therefore seal the outcome of the tie. Playing in his first Davis Cup, Auger-Aliassime took on World No. 255 Norbert Gombos, who was selected by captain Dominik Hrbaty over Filip Horansky. The 18-year-old stayed in control of the situation and outplayed his opponent in key moments. After 90 minutes, the Canadian got the better of Gombos in two sets (6-3, 6-4).
Canada will now meet up with 17 other nations at the Davis Cup Finals, which will be held in Madrid from November 18 to 24, 2019. The draw will take place on February 14 to assign the 18 teams to 6 groups.
Quotations
Denis Shapovalov
“I think it’s pretty safe to say that the debate on whether I can play on clay is official over. I think with today’s match I proved to everyone that I can play well on clay. The level of tennis today was very high. It was physically tough to play after a doubles match, and I think we were both feeling it on the court. I had a little bit of trouble getting into the match after the break but then the adrenaline kicked in and I felt really fresh. I think I also stayed very sharp mentally. I’m really happy I could win that match for Tennis Canada. We really needed it.”
Félix Auger-Aliassime
“I don’t think I could have asked for a better start to this competition. I have been through all the emotions. I’ve been through losses this weekend and then, finally, the best thing that could have happened to me: winning the fifth rubber and giving the winning point to Canada. It’s something special, something I always dreamed of as a kid. And, on top of that, I don’t think I could have asked for a better match. I thought it was great level.”
Frank Dancevic
“This whole weekend was amazing. We went up against such a tough team. We faced so many obstacles: the crowd, the court and their great players. We had to play better tennis and take it to them. We raised our level. We were down 1-2 and then Denis played an unbelievable match to keep us alive. I thought it was Top 10 level. And Félix, playing in his first tie ever, was put in a very tough situation and he handled it so well to give us that last point and bring us to the Final. I’m really proud of these two guys who are just starting their career and who are already representing us so well.”
Martin Klizan
“It was a super hard, closely fought singles match. We had won the doubles with Filip but it was a long one and I did not have enough time to recover. The conditions were the same for Denis, but he managed to recover better. Moreover, he played just unbelievable tennis, hit great shots in crucial moments.”
Dominik Hrbaty
“We opted for Gombos in order to counter Félix’s aggression. However, Félix played so well that he did not give us many chances. Nevertheless, I would like to thank to all my players for their effort and attitude, and despite the result, we have nothing to be ashamed of.”
Match results
2019 Davis Cup Qualifiers
Canada vs. Slovakia
February 1-2, 2019
NTC Arena, Bratislava
Score: 3-2For the past three years I have noticed a pattern in that load-shedding picks up steam in November and goes haywire in December, which boggles the mind (“Gordhan says former Eskom employees could be behind sabotage”, November 17).
Eskom has always told us that power demand is greatest during the winter months, yet every year the worst load-shedding occurs during summer and particularly during December, when most of the manufacturing and construction industry shuts down, businesses close and power demand should be substantially reduced.
Why is this? I can only pin this down to sabotage and the likelihood that disgruntled employees or ex-employees are deliberately plunging the country into darkness during these periods to frustrate and anger South Africans over the festive season.
Mark Khoury.Goodreads Librarians Group discussion
Book Issues > Refresh stats bug now only taking one click?
Comments Showing 1-4 of 4 (4 new) post a comment »
I just saw this post. For some reason my rating details have gone blank for my book. Do you know how to fix this problem? Or who I should contact about it?
Thanks so much for your help!
Heather
Heather BuchineInspire
Thanks for your help Deon. I truly appreciate it!
The original bug is still there so some books have blank or odd ratings details that need to be fixed.
But I'm able to by clicking once and if I troll back to book a few minutes later it is still okay.
And I have not gotten those aggravating "...must be a goodreads librarian..." mistaken error messages when trying to refresh stats (not in days).
*off to kick self for saying anything as the goodreads gremlins are sure to get me now*
Anyone else having better luck with the refresh bug?Review Cart Check Out
Northwood, was founded in 1896 in Indiana, Pennsylvania by Harry Northwood, an Englishman. He was the son of John Northwood, a prominent glassmaker and art director of Stevens
and Williams, an English glassworks. He immigrated to America in 1880 at the age of 20. Before he founded his own company, he had worked at several well-known glass companies as an
apprentice. He joined the National Glass Company in 1899, but then formed the Harry Northwood Glass Company in 1901 in Wheeling, West Virginia. Also in 1901, he purchased Hobbs,
Brockunier and Company. For approximately three years, there were two Northwood plants. In 1904, he sold the Indiana, Pennsylvania plant to its managers. It later became the Indiana
Glass Company.
In 1908 he started making iridescent carnival glass which soon became his most popular product. They introduced design patterns such as grape and cable, wild rose, leaf and beads, singing
birds, beaded cable, and peacock at the fountain. Northwood was also known for producing decorated glass with gold and opalescent edges, custard glass, and goofas glass.
Harry's brother, Carl, was the creative partner, where Harry was more business focused. Carl worked in the decoration area as the perfect complement to Harry. The grape & cable pattern
was produced as vases, dishes, compotes, bowls, and accessories. Soon other companies began copying their designs. Northwood also produced an assortment of opalescent, decorated, and
special effect glasses such as splatter glass, iridescent blue, and green. In 1914, Northwood began producing iridescent custard glass; a cream colored glass with pastel iridescent overlay.
Harry Northwood died in 1923. The company closed in 1925.
MARKS
Northwood marked many of their pieces with an N in a circle or an N underlined, but much of it was unmarked.
To view examples of Carnival Glass:
Carnival Glass Worldwide
Poormanstiffany.com
RESOURCES:
Collectics.com
Schroeder's Antiques Price Guide - 18th Edition, 2000
Antiques and Dynasties
Official Price Guide to Glassware-First Edition-Mark Pickvet
**************************************************************
Back To Top6 pcs Gold Pendant Tray Settings Blank Match 30x40mm Cabochon A8507VeryCharms
You'll receive 6 pcs of gold pendant tray settings.
Size: 48x57mm
Inside size: 30x40mm
USPS First Class Mail to United States!
All our items are NICKEL SAFE and LEAD SAFE.
Please feel free to convo me for other quantity.
-We are pleased to present Alan Gurwitt, M.D, who is an ME/CFS patient, advocate and physician, in the latest “People in ME/CFS Research” spotlight. Dr. Gurwitt has a background working as an adult and child psychiatrist, and has been suffering from a mild case of ME/CFS for over 30 years. He also previously served as the President of the Massachusetts CFIDS Association, and has participated in countless advocacy initiatives over the years as a member of the organization. Dr. Gurwitt had visited Derya and me at Jackson Labs several months ago with a group of patients and advocates from Mass CFIDS. Keep reading for the full interview!
Hi Alan, thank you so much for taking the time to meet with me! You’re a psychiatrist. Can you tell me a little bit about your medical background?
Hi Courtney! So I’m a retired adult and child psychiatrist. I’m 87 years old, so I’ve had a lot of experience over the years in psychiatry. I trained at Trinity College, and then I graduated from Yale School of Medicine. Except for an internship in New York, all the rest of my training was done in New Haven, Connecticut at the Yale Department of Psychiatry and the Yale Child Study Center. I’ve done a lot of things for many years. For seven years I was the director of the Clifford Beers Clinic in New Haven, which has a very rich history. Clifford Beers was a man who in the early part of the twentieth century had a severe psychiatric breakdown and was hospitalized. When he got better, he formed the goal of organizing a mental health organization, and then he opened the first one in Connecticut in 1908. That went on to be the first state mental health organization, and then he formed the National Committee for Mental Hygiene. So he had a big impact, and I served at his New Haven clinic, which by then was a real child guidance clinic. It was an invaluable experience. Before then, I was in the army for two years under the Berry plan, and I ran a child guidance clinic in Germany at a large medical hospital. I always enjoyed working outside of a strict hospital setting though, more in community settings. I had quite a bit of experience in that as well.
I should mention that I also trained as a psychoanalyst for adult and children, and I took what’s called a rotating internship after medical school. In those days, you didn’t start with an internship in psychiatry. Instead, you did what were called straight internships in either medicine or pediatrics, or you did rotating internships, where you spent a certain number of months on each of the major services. I found that the rotating internship was extremely helpful, and I think the lack of something like that now is a major problem with the medical field. I don’t think psychiatry residents should go directly into psychiatry in their internship year. I think they need more medical training. The lack of medical background, not just with psychiatrists but with other medical professionals as well, is harmful to their patients because they don’t have as broad of a background once they start practicing.
Can you tell me about your own personal history with ME/CFS, and any issues you faced in getting a diagnosis and finding treatment?
I came down with a full-blow case of ME/CFS in August of 1986. I don’t remember the exact date like many people do. It’s actually quite interesting because our Massachusetts CFIDS organization did a mass survey and found that the majority of people who had an abrupt onset remembered the exact day that they became ill, even though the causes may have been different. Anyway, we had a vacation home up in New Hampshire, and in 1985 and 1986 I was working on our field up there, and we had a lot of poison ivy. So I used a poison ivy toxic chemical, observing all the rules, but after getting back from New Hampshire that late summer of 1985, I suddenly for two weeks had a lot of difficulty sleeping, which was new for me. And then it just abruptly went away. The following year in 1986, I used the same chemical, and two weeks after that was when I came down with ME/CFS. It took me years to make the connection, but what I realized was that while it may not have been the entirety of what caused the disease, I’m sure now that those two episodes of exposure to toxic chemicals were the main factor in me becoming ill. Toxic chemicals have not been regarded sufficiently as a beginning to ME/CFS disease, as I certainly think the main issue is infectious, but it certainly was for me.
In terms of getting diagnosis and treatment, there was hardly anyone in the country who knew about this illness. There was one guy in Massachusetts who was an internist affiliated with the University of Massachusetts, and he knew something about it, and he diagnosed me. I’ll never forget his clinic. It was filled with people who were anxious and trying to figure out what in the world they had. He had a large number of nurses because they had such a large clinic, and he did a great job. Getting the diagnosis was very helpful, though there wasn’t much that could be done about the disease and there wasn’t much literature on it. But it helped me because I was starting to see my own patients in my practice who clearly had the disease, and so I was starting to diagnose them. My case was mild so I could still work, and I was learning as much as I could about the disease so I knew what it looked like and what they were dealing with. I saw one or two cases in New Haven, and then I saw a larger number in Hartford after I moved my practice. I’ve long wondered if the fact that I had the disease enabled me to make the diagnosis in others and help them. I wonder if in a way my life mission was set out for me by my medical background.
So it was very hard at that time to get a diagnosis and get treatment, but I was lucky to have a doctor who was a real pioneer. Before 1970, ME/CFS presented mostly in the form of epidemics. There were over 70 epidemics in the course of the twentieth century all around the world. A major epidemic occurred in 1955 at the Royal Free Hospital in London, where the medical school had to close for three months because so many of the faculty and medical students were affected by it. It was a very closely studied epidemic and the name ME came out of that study. For the next 15 years, it was considered to be an organic illness. Then in 1970, two British psychologists published an article on what they called epidemic hysteria, saying that no, this was not an organic illness, it was really a psychosomatic issue and a sort of hysteria. And that started the ball rolling in the UK, and we’re stuck with it now. That’s why most physicians in the world think of this as a psychosomatic illness. It was a terrible tragedy, and a huge error on the part of medical people that still plagues us.
As a psychiatrist who has done a lot of work to advocate that ME/CFS is not a psychological illness, can you talk a little bit about your views on this, and how your medical background has influenced your view of the disease?
When I became ill, I had gone through psychoanalytic training and I knew myself reasonably well. It seemed to me that this illness I had was not a psychosomatic illness, however that was the medical thinking of the time. There was a faculty member at UConn Health Center actually, who was part of the field of people who though that the disease was psychosomatic. He gave a talk to the Connecticut Medical Society about this disease, and I attended the meeting. I thought it was utter nonsense, and I said so. I didn’t make myself popular at the time. I said I doubted very much that this was a psychosomatic illness, and that any psychological symptoms he was seeing if at all were secondary, and he hadn’t in any way indicated in his research whether the psychiatric symptoms occurred before the onset of the illness of afterward. He was not happy with me, and some of the audience members were puzzled because they were hearing two different views and didn’t know what to make of it.
So my goal at the time was to learn more about the differences. I gave a talk at the Institute of Living in Hartford, which was a world-renowned psychiatric hospital at the time. In the audience was an obstetrician who after the talk came up to me and told me he had been ill. It was absolutely clear from the symptoms that he had ME/CFS. He was a member of a fairly large obstetrical group in the Hartford area and as he became more ill, he couldn’t do his regular work. He couldn’t be on call without having major after-effects. Other members of his group were not at all patient with him and were very critical of him and didn’t believe that he was ill. He became very depressed, and a couple of months after I left Hartford, he committed suicide. That was my first experience that people with this illness, especially when they’re not believed by their physicians and their friends and family, have a terrible time with this illness. Secondary depression sets in, and it’s dangerous. It’s clear that I was lucky enough to know myself and my health history to realize that it was not psychosomatic when I was diagnosed, and that it was an organic illness, and I had to do something about it. The combination of my medical and psychiatric background helped me realize that, and started my advocacy work.
It really is incredibly sad that people with this disease struggle with getting loved ones to believe them, and can feel so hopeless. In terms of advocacy, you are the former President for the Massachusetts CFIDS/ME & FM Association. Can you tell me a little bit about some of the advocacy work you have done for Mass CFIDS, including the pediatric primer you worked on for ME/CFS?
Starting around 1988, I was the President of Mass CFIDS for four years. Then Charmian took over, because she had been very helpful to me when I was President, and she already knew a lot about the disease. The Mass CFIDS association was a godsend. The leadership varied, but there was finally a place for people with the illness to gather around and learn from one another about the disease. Very little was published at that time, but now there was a place to go to in Massachusetts that was extremely helpful to people who were quite ill. In 1985, when the association was formed, they were doing some of the same things they are doing now. It was also a place for referrals to physicians who knew something about it. Since there was no information for patients or physicians that was readily available, we took it upon ourselves to write a primer. It took us about a year, but we had a lot of nurses and physicians that were members of the association, and so we produced the first primer in the world in 1992. We put it on a rather primitive website, but it went all over the world. We got calls from Italy, Spain, Germany – as people heard about it and found it online, so it was an active year. It was the only thing available at the time, though looking back it was kind of primitive. That sparked our interest though in the importance and usefulness of primers at that time.
What is your overall impression of the ME/CFS field at present?
Courtney, it was very bleak for decades. It was clear that the NIH, which occasionally had meetings about it, was just going through the motions. They didn’t believe in it, and it was because there had been a lot of advocacy, that they went through the motions. People got more and more upset and angry, and there was a sense of futility that NIH didn’t believe in it. The CDC was still giving out wrong information, and the sense of frustration went on for years. It wasn’t good for the patient population either, because they didn’t work together, and they competed with one another and shot one another down. It was a bad scene. Finally, a group of advocates got together nationally, and the practice of competing in a destructive way mostly stopped, and that’s when the advocacy began to have some impact. There were some heroes, like David Bell, the doctor who was at the center of the 1985 Lyndonville outbreak in New York and stuck to his belief that this was an organic illness. There were a few researchers who thought this was an interesting thing to study, and gradually over time outside of government agencies, there was evidence being found that this was indeed an organic illness. There were so many questions that were unanswered, but the accumulation of evidence meant that you could begin to patch together what this illness was about.
Things changed after the one and a half year study by the Institute of Medicine and the report from it that was issued in 2015. It said that this is really an organic illness, and the psychological series was nonsense. It said that patients have been denigrated and treated in an unprofessional manner, and not enough research was done, and so on. And about eight or nine months after the publication, NIH announced that they were getting involved. Francis Collins knew many of the people who were doing the pioneering research, and so he was under a lot of pressure and finally changed the course of things at NIH. It didn’t change the course altogether, as there were still many people at NIH that were primarily interested in the psychological view. But I became very encouraged with the beginnings of real research at the NIH. I’m not as encouraged now. While it’s clear that although the amount of funding for the disease has increased, the amount of money is still miniscule in terms of the needs of the illness. So my optimism has been tempered by the fact that we have a very long way to go. We need to quadruple the amount of money that’s available for research. The private monies that have come into the field from organizations like SMCI and OMF add to the fact that a lot of research is going on. So I’m disappointed by the current funding situation, but I remain optimistic for the long run.
Is there any current research that makes you feel hopeful for the future?
Yes, I think the studies being done at your organization, Columbia, and Cornell are all leading us in the right direction. I was very positively impressed by our visit to your lab, and thank goodness you guys are in the field. I’m also interested in the mast cell hypothesis, the cytokine profiling that’s being done in a lot of places, and the renewed interest in Epstein-Barr Virus and the permutations of the virus. In the beginning, that was the one mystery that was being looked at, that it had something to do with EBV, but the early research didn’t prove anything. And now we have a whole new group of facts, and we might find it has a lot to do with it. I think it has multiple causes though. A lot of it starts with an infection, but as I mentioned, it was toxic chemicals that triggered it for me. That’s a field that needs further research.
Do you have anything else that you would like to add?
Yes, there’s one simple thing that the government could do and they’ve not yet done it. They’ve made a lot of motions to dig in and start research, but they have not in any convincing and significant way said to the US population, this illness is an organic illness. It leaves people in a quandary. I’ve given three talks to medical groups in the past few years, and it’s very hard to convince them that it’s not a psychological illness. I think there has been some movement, but to convince most physicians and to teach them about diagnosis and management, is a big challenge. So the government really just needs to say that this is an organic illness. It would make a big difference!
It definitely would! Thanks for taking the time to talk with me, Alan!
4 thoughts on “Patient Advocate Spotlight: Alan Gurwitt, M.D.”
“CFS: Front End of Chemical Sensitivity” by Janet Dauble founder of ShareCare & Prayer.
(RIP)
I took the time to read Osler’s Web, by Hillary Johnson. It is a fascinating 700-page account from a patient’s point of view of the clinical and political history of the outbreak of the Yuppie Flu in the Incline Village area. One vignette was about seven out of eight teachers who shared a study/lunch room who became ill. Of course it was supposed that they caught a contagious virus due to their close contact. However this account from Osler’s Web should lead us in another direction and cause us to question the other clusters as well:
Raggedy Ann Syndrome: Page 25 Osler’s Web by Hillary Johnson
“Inside the Labyrinth of the Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Epidemic”
Truckee, California
> >Because of the crush of students that year, teachers were obliged to prepare their lessons and eat lunch in a cramped room next to the principal’s office on the first floor. Compounding the teacher’s discomfort that fall was a newly installed heating system, intended to save money, that recycled the warm air in individual rooms rather than drawing in fresh air and distributing it throughout the building. School administrators instructed employees in resolute terms to keep all windows closed. Reluctantly, the teachers acquiesced to their hermetic existence in the lounge, although many of them found their habitat, polluted by cigarette smoke and fumes [FUMES] from the two bulky copy machines, nearly intolerable at times…. >Eric Jordan was so put off by the fumes and the meanness of the accommodations that he left school during third period each day, driving his pickup truck with a camper attachment to the lake. There, savoring his view of the largest alpine lake in North America, he perked a pot of coffee and worked in the solitude of his camper….In the end, only one teacher among the eight emerged unscathed [from illness]: Eric Jordan, the outdoors man who had chosen to prepare his lessons and grade papers in the stillness of his camper. “I’ll tell you,” Gerald Kennedy said years afterward, his voice quavering, “it paid to get out of that room.”
Thank you for this interview with Dr Gurwitt.
I am appalled that an obstetrician was driven to suicide by the bullying of his associates. I wonder if any of the associates feel the slightest bit of remorse for their actions.
I, too, have come to the conclusion that mast cells play a critical role in this illness. Any investigator that dismisses mast cells is studying ME with blinders on and one hand tied behind their back. It is like praising a symphony orchestra while forgetting about the conductor who sets the tempo and shapes the performance.
I am not suggesting that ME is a mast cell disease but rather that mast cells play a critical role in pathogenesis and in maintaining the illness. Mast cells have been shown to play a role in many of our most common co-morbidities such as migraine, IBS, orthostatic intolerance, and, of course, allergic reactions. I think that is unlikely to be a random co-incidence. Too bad no one has asked the question in a rigorous manner.
My personal, incomplete theory, based mostly on ignorance and a tiny bit of knowledge, is that extracellular ATP (as described in Naviaux’s Cell Danger Response theory) is activating mast cells, especially when we exceed our “energy envelope”. The mast cells located near the hypothalamus and in the intestines may be particularly important (at least for me). Certainly anti-histamines have greatly improved many of my symptoms (although not the core problem of severely limited energy) and have made the difference between being bed-bound and “merely” house-bound.
I often wonder how much better my illness would be if I had access to a mast cell expert instead of trying to be my own doctor. After 15 years of illness, I still can’t find a doctor locally who understands my illness or takes it seriously, and now I am too ill to travel without severe consequences, even if my patronizing primary care provider would make a referral.
The nearly-useless medical industry has essentially sentenced me to house arrest and total social isolation for the crime of becoming ill with a stigmatized disease. The exact same medical industry that drove a doctor to take his own life. I may yet suffer the same fate, but for the time being, my anger drives me forward to struggle through another awful day.
I sure hope Dr Theoharides was able to make a convincing case for the possible role of mast cells at this week’s Invest in ME Research Colloquium and Conference. I find his research to be compelling, and I very much regret that I have so little energy left to study it more carefully.
for me it’s definitely a viral thing but always thought something preceded it to make my nerves more susceptible to bugs, ‘wish’ I had a clear cause for that like a toxin but no poison ivy in my garden..
Pingback: Advocate Spotlight: Charmian Proskauer – Advances in ME/CFSNewsfeed
MotoGP Dani Pedrosa fractured his hand after crashing in the first pre-season test at Sepang but will return for Jerez.
A1GP Christian Vietoris became the youngest-ever winner at Taupo, aged 18 years, nine months and 19 days. * Loic Duval scored Team France’s first win in 37 races, at Eastern Creek.
Le Mans Toyota has denied plans to return to the Le Mans 24 Hours in 2010 with a petrol-electric hybrid. n Jan Lammers is to return for the 21st time with CytoSport, racing a Lola.
Grand-Am Chip Ganassi Racing took its third straight Daytona 24 Hours win with Juan Pablo Montoya, Dario Franchitti, Scott Pruett and Memo Rojas.
NASCAR Jacques Villeneuve has split from his long-term manager, Craig Pollock. * Tony Stewart and Kurt Busch are on a six-race probation after an incident in practice for the Daytona 500.
GP2 Romain Grosjean won the Asia series opener in Dubai by more than 12 seconds. * Racing Engineering have signed Giorgio Pantano. * Adrián Vallés has been confirmed at Fisichella Motor Sport. * Super Nova Racing has signed Alvaro Parente and Christian Bakkerud.
ALMS Allan McNish and Dindo Capello will drive Audi’s number one car, with Alex Prémat and Mike Rockenfeller racing the second car. * The Shanghai 1000km race in November has been confirmed and the winner of each class will be invited to race at Le Mans in 2009. * In testing at Sebring, Peugeot was up to a second faster than Audi.
Champ Car Enrique Bernoldi is to make a return to single-seaters by racing with Rocketsports Racing. * Justin Wilson will take Sébastien Bourdais’ seat at the Newman/Haas/Lanigan team and race alongside Graham Rahal.
IRL The Indycar series has introduced paddle-shift gearboxes this season to replace the manual lever.
BTCC Unprecedented levels of coverage are promised on ITV1 and ITV4 this season, with a total of 76 hours of airtime. EFCommon solutions to the “Missing a temporary folder” error in the WordPress dashboard, mainly when uploading new files and images.
While it’s more frequent to have this error on new installs of WP, the message can appear all of a sudden with old installs that have worked before as well. Contacting your server administrator is always a smart thing to do as this can be a problem with PHP misconfigurations for example.
To fix this yourself, there are two common methods. Each which might or might not work depending on the situation.
Define WP_TEMP_DIR
An easy way is to add the following line to wp-config.php and make sure that the path defined in that line exists. Note that there is no need to set chmod 777 user permissions for directories or files. This would be a security risk.
define('WP_TEMP_DIR',ABSPATH.'/temp/');
It is said to work when placed above the /* That’s all, stop editing! */ line.
Define upload_tmp_dir in PHP.ini
Many providers allow the creation of php.ini over-rides. Which gives the ability to define your own upload_tmp_dir. The process is different depending on the server, but often it is as easy as placing a php.ini file with the following line inside the http base directory (aka. public_html, htdocs) or your home directory.
upload_tmp_dir= /home/user/public_html/temp/
Where the user is the username of your account, relative to the absolute path (root). Also make sure the directory defined exists.
To find the absolute path, if you have shell access just type “echo $HOME”, or save a file named “path.ini” with the following contents. Open the file with your browser and it will display the correct, full path to your home directory.
<?php
$path = getcwd();
echo “Absolute Path: “;
echo $path;
?>
PS. In some cases, you need to use a uPHP configPath directive which points the correct directory for the php.ini, by adding “suPHP_configPath /home/user/” to the .htaccess file.
Hope this helps — questions, comments welcome!
2 thoughts on “Solution — Fix Missing Temporary Folder WordPress Error”
This was helpful and WP eventually started working!
Hey..
Most glad to hear that.
It’s a tricky one to solve and may require a bit of time & luck.Dual Tech 0-10V Wall Switch Occupancy Sensor, 347V, Lt. Almond
DW-311-347-LA Wattstopper
Bazaarvoice SAP Hybris Integration Version 2.8.1
The DW-311 dual technology dimming wall switch sensor can turn lights OFF and ON based on occupancy and allow the user to increase or decrease the lighting level. It combines the benefits of passive infrared (PIR) and ultrasonic occupancy detection technologies and works with 0-10 VDC dimming drivers and ballasts to control lighting loads including LEDs.
Added to Your Shopping Cart
WHERE TO BUY
- Send
- Save as PDF
- Favorite thisAdded to Favorites Go to favoritesRemove from favorites?
Features
- Defaults to Manual-ON operation for maximum energy savings
- High sensitivity and dense coverage for exceptional performance
- Color-matched lens and low profile for appealing design
- Supports Partial-ON operation for energy code compliance or incentives
- 120/277VAC and 347VAC models
- Allows fully functional multi-way control from up to four switch locations
Specifications
General Info
Additional Information
Resources
CAD Drawings
Installation Instructions
Sell Sheet
Product Environmental Profile
Reviews
Bazaarvoice SAP Hybris Integration Version 2.8.1
Questions & Answers
Does the dw311 require a neutral
Hello John, DW311 does require a neutral for proper operation and installation. Best Regards, Tech Support
Date published: 2021-11-19
Can the DW-311 be used with three switch locations? If so how to wire it.
Yes, when using the DW-311 you can have up to 4 sensors controlling the same light load.
Date published: 2021-09-30Instagram, Apple’s reigning App of the Year, will expand to Google’s Android phones “very soon,” founder Kevin Systrom said at the South by Southwest conference on Sunday.
The photo-sharing app is only available on Apple devices at the moment, but Systrom said his company is testing a beta version of an Android app.
Systrom also announced that Instagram has reached 27 million users, nearly double the 15 million it announced in December.
Seeing as Android phones make up almost 50 percent of the smartphone market, according to market researchers at the NPD Group, an Android app should expedite that rapid growth.
Also Read: How Social Media Is Giving NBA Ratings a Slam Dunk
Since Instagram is app-only (meaning no website), it is reliant on smartphones and tablets for its users. Together, Apple and Android make up almost 90 percent of the smartphone market.
The rivalry between Google and Apple in the smartphone arena remains contentious, and late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was publicly contemptuous of Google, maker of the Android operating system. He described them as a “force for evil” in Walter Isaacson’s biography. (Don’t worry Google, Microsoft and AT&T fit that bill too).
One of the biggest reasons for Instagram’s growth is the ease with which users can share their photos on other social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter. Users upload photos to Instagram and can then play with different filters before posting them. When posting, they can then instantly share the photo on any of the social platforms they have an account on.
The Wall Street Journal recently reported that Instagram is assembling a $500 million funding round. That should cover a lot more than an Android app.Cloud has a built-in backup plan
Access to home network reliable double hard disk personal storage devices. As long as there is an Internet connection, you can use any device access and share any content you need. Easily create a position for themselves and their friends and relatives, to collect and share memorable photos, don't let anyone miss the unforgettable moment.
How can help you My Cloud hard disk will be digital content arrangement in perfect order. Storage capacity of up to 16 TB, no matter how much you shoot photos, to record how many films and to establish how many files, can satisfy your requirements.
Equipped with two hard disks, and has set up to mirror mode (RAID 1), you are irreplaceable content will be stored in one of the hard disk, and automatically copied to the second hard drive.
Capacity: 4TB，6TB，8TB，12TB，16TB
Interface: gigabit Ethernet
models:
WDBWVZ0040JWT
WDBWVZ0060JWT
WDBWVZ0080JWT
WDBWVZ0120JWT
WDBWVZ0160JWTWe are excited to announce the release of the new Energy Management Module! The EMM10-30 was developed for a customer who was experiencing large transient voltage spikes produced by aging alternators of retrofitted equipment. The EMM10-30 allows 10 amps of current to flow through it while capping voltage at 30VDC to give protection to voltage sensitive valve driver modules and electronics. Any transient voltage above 30 volts is immediately directed to ground. If this voltage is sustained for an extended period of time and draws more than 10 amps, it is protected by an automotive style fuse that is readily available at any hardware or automotive parts store.
The EMM10-30 is the first specific product of its type to be engineered and manufactured at OEM Controls. While other products when combined can accomplish what the EMM10-30 does within the industry, we believe it is the first customized solution of its type as we can configure it to meet other levels of protection and/or suppression.
Our mission here at OEM Controls is to provide our customers with custom solutions for controller requirements and help resolve or prevent issues that may occur. The Energy Management Module EMM10-30 is just another example of our customer focus with custom solutions in motion.
27 November 2021 - Surely I could think of a way to use the pills to turn a small buck or two. I also realized that if it were possible to travel back into the past to steal things, countless priceless artifacts would have gone missing on a regular basis.
May 14, 2013 the mortal instruments series
Then brought the ice pick out of my inside coat pocket and drove it into his heart.
On the table were bowls of butter, sugar, grape jam, shakers of salt, red pepper, ground cinnamon..
They were probably trying to trace the call. Then he pulled out his sunglasses and put them on. In fact, by tonight, that e-mail address will no longer exist.
Edward Donald Slovik (February 18, 1920 January 31, 1945) was a private in the United States Army during World War II and the only American soldier to be court-martialled and executed for desertion since the American Civil War.12 Although over 21,000 American soldiers were given varying sentences for desertion during World War II, including 49 death sentences, Sloviks was the only death epson short throw projector manual
Marcus went to the table and took a seat. He saw some blood, dried blood, on the front step of the condo. Pack the samples in dry ice before shipping them. Make sure that all the patients are totally isolated with complete barrier nursing.
They were attacked by rustlers just a few miles north of the Texas border and had the cows stolen from them. Before leaving he gave me an envelope full of money for safekeeping. I saw him put another thick envelope in the inside pocket of his coat.
dell xpsone20 manual
He needed to feel independent as long as he could. Later, she let Dan decide for himself when he was ready for a wheelchair. They went in debt experimenting with expensive drugs and holistic remedies.
When he tried to smile at me, the stitches pulled, and he had to stop.
I have a few questions to ask him. Panting, Thomas paused on the hundred and tenth step of the narrow spiral staircase, gazing up at the bells hanging far above him. He had made it well past the half-way point. cinema 4d tutorial how to make text on counter-strike 1.6 map
About twenty to twenty-five staff inside. They were all sat up straight in anticipation, cocking their weapons. His answering service advised Helen to take her husband to the local emergency room.
You know, the usual prescription drugs plus cyanide, carbon monoxide, ethylene glycol, and hell, anything else you can think of. He blushed and avoided looking Jack in the eye. He gave Peter a light pat on the back. genie z 80 parts manual
Apparently he got the stuff from someone at work. Okay, I want a by-the-numbers radio check.
Many of them had already made plans, but I begged, pleaded, cajoled, and threatened, and eventually got my way. The dinner was a smashing success second only to the glory of my new house.
Is this a three-way fight, or are we getting caught in the cross fire. And it makes sense that the Inner Circle would reach out to the DMS.
Was a little rest too much to ask. Most of the sandwich remained upon it.
He opened a brief-case, lying on the bed and took out a stout manilla envelope.
canadians in war and peacekeeping. When the cart passed, Towfik saw that Schulz was saying goodbye to his wife and getting into an oldish gray Mercedes. She did some shopping, Steve Logan came and went, nothing. His expression was dour and his manner rigidly precise. Although it was Saturday and he had been gardening, he wore neatly pressed dark pants and a short-sleeved shirt with a collar.
But having started leaning, he could not seem to stop.
walther mod cp 88 manual
It filled the air like the sweetest of scents. A last harbor for forgotten Gods and fading philosophies. Hawk hung well back as Tomb approached a nondescript, weather-beaten door set into a dirty white wall. The sorcerer produced a heavy iron key from a hidden pocket and unlocked the large iron padlock.
I put my lips to them, my tongue, and she arched her back and pulled my face harder against her.
american academy of sleep medicine scoring manual
She obviously had something else on her mind that she was bursting to tell him. But I gave her one of our brochures to take home. We can go out and track him down.
After all, they had families too. Her voice was calm, but only just, as if she was only a wrong word away from hysteria. The man dealing with Arley was a canny operator with a thorough knowledge of police tactics, and he was being careful to give away as little information as possible.
To make things even tougher, the slope was slick from all the recent rain, and sometimes a man slipped and went sliding back down to the bank, his load of wood tumbling with him. ultimate insect sticker book with 100 amazing stickers
He knelt in front of her, placing the cellphone he had taken from the dead man between them.
Her breathing became more and more labored, and sweat glistened on her forehead.
manual proceduri audit interne
They entered the trees, and Benny could more easily hear the laughter of the three men. Dickstein longed to say, Tell me what gives you joy, and who you love, and how your life runs on. Instead he said, "Do you remember what you said to me in oxfordr, "Sure. I told you I owe you a debt, you saved my life.
It showed an empty room lined with stained metal tables. No movement except for the mist.
the blood of olympus percy jackson
A cold heavy lump of despair settled in his stomach. Polk swung down and pulled the inert body from under the belly of the pony. She was scared to ask further questions.Property Attributes
- MLS#114325
- TypeLand
- CountyCURRITUCK
- CityRoper
- Zip27927
- StyleAcreage
- Taxes$ 1838
- Price$ 1,400,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Michael Davenport @ Sun Realty - KDH
Data Source:
Outer Banks MLS (OTBMLS) - 132 - NC
Property Description
Investment and/or Business Opportunity available here! A total of approximately 232 Acres offering 8 parcels. One of these parcels has approximately 2,000 ft. of SOUNDFRONT -approx. 96 acres. Two of the parcels are leased for farmland use - approx. 95 acres. Several other parcels are mostly wetlands with approx. 3,000 ft. of CREEKFRONT land leads to the Albemarle Sound. There are two small buildable lots on a dirt road. A combination of wetland, currently leased farmland, as well as a pecan orchard make up available acreage. Combined land available has so much potential for a multitude of uses like a campground, farming, development or just a lot of privacy. This land is located about 1 hour from the beach and 20 minutes to Edenton.
General Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolAchieving the title “homeowner” is an accomplishment worthy of celebration! After all, purchasing a home is likely the largest financial transaction most people make in their lifetime, and there are many benefits to owning a safe space to call home. The top four are listed below:
1. Not Paying the Landlord’s Mortgage
While the upfront cost of a home requires some form of down payment (as little as 3% in some cases), affording a monthly mortgage can be on par with paying rent. Owning a home is better than continuous rent hikes, lease renewals and building equity for someone else. Instead of paying to build someone else’s wealth, homeowners are able to build their own with consistent mortgage payments.
2. Potential Investment
On top of being what is likely the largest asset in someone’s life, a home is often seen as an investment. While there is no guarantee for an increase in value in a home, proper upkeep could help grow the market price over a period of time.
Additionally, equity – how much of the house the homeowners currently own (or the difference between the potential selling price of a home and how much money the owners owe the lender) – is built over time as mortgage payments are made. This in return increases the stake the owners have in their home. If the owners live there long enough to see the end of the mortgage, they will own the property outright – a one factor renters will never be able to achieve.
3. Freedom to Personalize
Rental living comes with many restrictions whereas homeowners have privilege to customize their space. There are no limitations to creative flair inside, like painting the walls and using nails to hang art – though some community HOA guidelines regulate a home’s exterior appearance. Owning a home also allows the opportunity to make unique changes and renovations to the structure, upgrade curb appeal and enhance outdoor living space.
4. A Place of Belonging
A home is a central place to entertain and gather with loved ones and possessing a home helps foster emotional well-being and provides control compared to renting. Oftentimes, homeowners find a great sense of belonging in a community where they get to know their neighbors and engage in neighborhood events.Trump’s White Nationalist Supporters Find Culprit For Sexual Assault Tape Release: “The Jews Did It”
Published
Donald Trump’s supporters in the white nationalist movement have found who is to blame for the tape in which the Republican nominee brags about sexually assaulting women: “The Jews.” Trump’s racist supporters are claiming that Republican consultant Dan Senor leaked the tape, and are responding with anti-Semitic attacks.
Members of the “alt-right” and white nationalist movement have been heavily supporting Trump’s campaign, and the candidate and his team have been courting members of the movement, including by appearing in white nationalist media, refusing to denounce them, and retweeting their messages.
The Daily Stormer is a virulently anti-Semitic website that celebrates Nazism, purports to document the “Jewish Problem,” and attacks “kikes.” Editor Andrew Anglin wrote an October 11 post claiming that “we knew whoever leaked the tape was a Jew. And a #NeverTrump Jew advisor to Paul Ryan is currently being pointed at as being responsible. Dan Senor.” He called Senor “a #NeverTrump kike” and concluded (emphasis in original):
I hope it was this particular Jew, and I hope he gets nailed for it.
If we lose this election, it is going to be because of this pussy-grabbing tape. And having it be known that it was a Jew is extremely important. One of the GOP’s Jews being responsible makes it all the better.
Because if we lose, this country is going to enter a new age of anti-Semitism..
The white nationalist website The Right Stuff tweeted on October 10: “I'll give you one guess as to the ethnicity of @dansenor, the guy that leaked the pussy tape to the media.” When someone replied “Jewish,” the site responded: “HOW DID YOU EVER GUESS????”
The website frequently leads anti-Semitic attacks on Jewish people. It started the virulently anti-Semitic “parenthesis meme” in which Jewish names are surrounded by parentheses -- “(((name)))” -- often.”
Senior Trump adviser A.J. Delgado recently retweeted an endorsement of Trump from The Right Stuff.
Radio host and infamous racist David Duke wrote an October 11 tweet with Senor’s name in parentheses: “Looks like top Paul Ryan advisor (((Dan Senor))) probably leaked the #TrumpTape--America, are you at least beginning to see a pattern? #MAGA.”Description
110-300010 Action Series LED Jack Plate Gauge, Black, Stainless Steel Bezel
By Bob's Machine
See details for more information
Features:
- Jack Plate Lift Gauge
- This model is for all jack plates except the 4″ standard series.
- Complete gauge kit, sending unit, gauge, 24 feet of wiring
- Displays your Jack plates height in 1/4 inch increments.
- Special photoelectric eye that precisely regulates the LED brightness
Warning: Product may contain materials cautioned by California Proposition 65
Specifications
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Hotels in Chumphon, Thailand
- Comprehensive hotel search for Chumphon online
- Find a cheap hotel in Chumphon!
- Book at the ideal price!
Top hotels
-Hotel A-Te Chumphondeals from S$66 S$33
-Novotel Chumphon Beach Resort & Golfdeals from S$84
-Hotel Retro Boxdeals from S$27
Hotel Hotel Retro Box Chumphon
Property Location Located in Chumphon, Retro Box Hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Chumphon National Museum and Wat Chao Fa Sala Loi. This hotel is 10.1 mi (16.3 km) from Thung Wua Laen Beach and 14.7 mi (23.6 km) from Mu Ko Chumphon National Park. Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 27 air-conditioned rooms featuring refrigerators and LCD televisions. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and satellite programming is available for your entertainment. Conveniences include phones, as well as desks and complimentary bottled water. Amenities Pamper yourself with onsite massages or enjoy recreation amenities such as an outdoor pool. This hotel also features complimentary wireless Internet access, a television in a common area, and tour/ticket assistance. Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily from 6 AM to 9 AM. Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk.The RETRO BOX HOTEL CHUMPHON is a hotel.With a stay at Retro Box Hotel in Chumphon, you'll be minutes from Chumphon Khet Udomsak Hospital and Chumphon Night Plaza. more
More Top Hotels
- Paradorn Inn
- Hop Inn
- Clean Wave Resort
- Yong Dee
- Euro Boutique
- Chalicha Resort
- Loftmania Boutique
- Nana Beach
- Armonia Village Resort And Spa
- Tusita Resort & Spa Chumphon
- Hotel Sri Chumphon
- Mercy Chumphon
- Morakot Twin Chumphon
- Baantalay Thungwualaen Hotel
- Albatross Thungwualaen Beach
- Buadara Chumphon
- Nana Buri
- Netlada
- De Sea Almond
- Sara Boutique
- Sara Beachfront Boutique
- Talay Sai @ Thung Wua Laen
- Nana Beach
- Southgate Residence
- Banana Place Resort
- Green Adamas Resort Chumphon
- Ariya Garden Home
- Paifha Beach Resort
- Panatara
- The Beach Residence
More Top Destinations
- Krabi
- Kuala Lumpur
- Surat Thani
- Hat Yai
- Phuket-Town
- Koh Samui
- Cape Panwa
- Johor Bahru
- Malacca
- Hua Hin
- Kata Beach
- Karon Beach
- Koh Tao
- Koh Phi Phi
- Kamala Beach
- Pattaya
- Hong Kong
- Phangnga
- Malacca
- Klong Muang
- Mai Khao Beach
- Kuala Lumpur
- Penang
- Lamai Beach
- Port Dickson
- Genting Highlands
- Langkawi
- Ao Railay Beach
- Rawai Beach
- Surin Beach
- Ho Chi Minh City
- Nai Yang Beach
- Chiang Mai
- Georgetown
- Bali
- Taipei City
- Batam
- Ipoh
- Ulu Melaka
- Petaling Jaya
- Nai Thon Beach
- Koh Phangan
- Siem Reap
- Penang Island
- Tup KaekThe retail industry has been disrupted by big e-commerce players that provide a new level of customer-centric services and as a result the consumer has elevated his/her expectations of any retail experience they might encounter.
Retail and the consumer-packaged goods (CPG) organizations have a strong dependency on legacy systems that are embedded deep into their core operations and this dependency makes making significant changes too risky or extremely expensive. This is what makes RPA such a great match for retail organizations.
Learn what are the most common use cases of RPA for retail.
See what RPA can do to transform retail companies to compete with e-commerce players and achieve digital transformation.
Take a look at real case studies of retail organizations that have already started their automation journey and tips to implement RPA.
Understand the main advantages of implementing RPA in the retail and CPG industry.
Please, fill out the form to receive this amazing White Paper.Sports injuries are one of the most common causes of dental emergencies and we actively encourage our patients to wear a protective mouth guard when playing contact or dangerous sports. At Harley Street Dental Studio, we pride ourselves in offering clients the best treatments available and we are delighted to offer the amazing Pure Power Mouth Guard, a gum shield, which not only offers unrivalled levels of protection for the teeth, but also promises to enhance sporting performance.
The Pure Power Mouth Guard is a gum shield with a difference; this dental appliance has been developed for amateur and elite athletes with the view to combining optimum levels of protection and performance. The mouth guard is custom-made for the individual using a series of specific measurements and it automatically adjusts the jaw to the best position every time you wear it.
By ensuring that the jaw is always in the best possible position, the mouth guard reduces pressure and strain on the facial muscles, enabling them to function more effectively and reducing pain.
The Pure Power Mouth Guard is scientifically proven to improve sporting performance by freeing the facial muscles and allowing individuals to focus on the game or match in progress, rather than worrying about jaw pain. The mouth guard is designed to adjust the position of the jaw joint, improving the function of the facial muscles and preventing stiffness, pain and discomfort. The new position of the jaw relieves pressure on the surrounding muscles, enabling them to perform more effectively by facilitating better muscle contraction.
The Pure Power Mouth Guard is not just for elite athletes; it can be hugely beneficial for people of all ages and abilities taking part in an array of sporting activities, including football, rugby, hockey, lacrosse and boxing.
If you would like to find out more about the Pure Power Mouth Guard and how it could help you, contact Harley Street Dental Studio in the heart of London now!
free guide
Your privacy is always protected
Want to find out about how treatments at the world-renowned Harley Street Dental Studio can help you achieve your perfect smile? Take our free e-consultation to find out.START YOUR FREE E-CONSULTATIONForest Gate drive-by shooting branded ‘shocking’ by neighbours
The shooting took place in Magpie Close (picture: Google Streetview) - Credit: Google Streetview
Five people have been left injured following a drive-by shooting in an area popular with families.
Emergency services were called after shots were fired in the area of Magpie Close, Forest Gate, shortly before 2pm on Good Friday. London’s Air Ambulance also attended the scene.
It is believed the shots were aimed into Forest Lane Park from a car, with the victims then running through Arthur Horsley Walk into Tower Hamlets Road.
All five victims were taken to hospital with one man in a serious condition, but not believed to be life-threatening. The other four are said to be “less seriously injured”, according to police.
A mum-of-two, who did not want to give her name, said parents often took their children to the park after school.
She said: “I’m often in the park with my children.
“To think they could have seen a shooting, it’s shocking.”
Both roads and the alleyway were cordoned off until the evening while police officers investigated the shooting.
One woman who lives opposite the park said she had been calling for better security in the area.
She said: “I’ve been asking for them to put lights in as the road is so quiet.
“We often see groups over the park at night.”
There has been no arrest. Trident officers are investigating and attempting to establish a motive, including whether the incident is gang related.
Anyone with information should call Trident officers on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.Eaglemoss DC Super Hero Collection Harley Quinn Statue
This is a DC Super Hero Collection Harley Quinn Statue made by the good people over at Eaglemoss.
This classic Harley Quinn figure brought to life in high-quality polyresin, hand painted and stands an impressive 13 inches tall-truly stunning. Complete with her trusty wooden mallet, featured in her signature red and black bodysuit, the Gotham City bad girl flaunts her flair for mayhem with that one-of-a-kind crazed grin.
Comes packed in a full-color box and a certificate of authenticity, your mega-figurine is an authentic reproduction of the character and is skillfully crafted and hand painted.
Recommended Age: 14+
Condition: Brand New and Sealed
Dimensions: 13" X Eaglemoss DC Batman Animated Series Mega Joker Statue/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/59087769/29261693_2075842659098279_9043327320935525609_n.0.jpg)
Hope you had a great St. Patrick’s Day! TBT contributor and Sporting Kansas City fan Araceli Villanueva checked in from the great Kansas City St Patrick’s Day parade.
The Kansas City Cauldron participated in this year’s annual Kansas City’s St. Patrick’s Day parade. A long-standing KC tradition and is known as the fourth largest parade in the country. The Cauldron first appeared in the celebration in 2012.
I have been with the Cauldron for a few years and the 2012 parade is one of my best memories. As a group, we spent countless hours designing and building our float. The weather was perfect and droves of members came out and contributed to our group, displaying their own homemade flags and/or signs. Since then, members questioned when we would take part in the parade again and timing was finally right.
Six years later, around 100 members walked in a sea of blue and green with some members representing other independent supporters’ groups - the Northland Noise and La Barra - for its second appearance.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/10458059/29339791_2075843135764898_254447672614393727_n.jpg)
After starting off the morning with an Irish-style breakfast at the Dubliner in Power and Light, members bussed it over to the parade route to begin setting up the formation. Sandwiched in between a series of entries, the blue bus led the Cauldron down Broadway. Members wore St. Patrick’s Day and Sporting KC gear, waved SKC flags and chanted loud for the crowd.
Participating in community events like the parade has always been a great way to show support for the club and help promote the independent supporters groups. I hope this is a tradition that will continue.
♥️ pic.twitter.com/r26O4UzlCl— The Cauldron (@KCCauldron) March 17, 2018Change, sharing power and building for the future - Mary Lou McDonald
The former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson once famously said that a week was a long time in politics – if ever that was evident it was here in the north over the past seven days.
Indeed, it was Wilson who held power as the old northern state and the unionist regime in Stormont imploded in the late 1960s, unable to cope with basic demands for equality and rights.
And in many ways, it is still that failure to accept rights and equality which has been at the root of the political storm within unionism that we have witnessed over the course of recent days..
Ireland has changed. The north is a fast-changing society. The political institutions still have to catch up with this.
The balance of power has shifted irreversibly and that is now reflected around the Executive table and in the make-up of the Assembly.
Seeking to recreate political conditions which have gone and gone forever is the roadmap to exactly the sort of political cul-de-sac which we have witnessed in the course of the past seven days.
I take no comfort from the events of the past week.
We want to see functioning political institutions. But institutions whose success is not measured in the ability to stay afloat but measured in the impact they have on citizens lives.
An Executive and Assembly:
that guarantee and promote rights.
with equality and respect at their core.
that develops our economy, drives opportunity and protects workers’ rights.
Sinn Féin will not stand by while rights are denied to women, the LGBTQ Community, Gaeilgeorí or anyone else.
I am glad to say that Acht na Gaeilge and the wider language and culture package is now concluded and legislation will be coming forward at Westminster in October, followed by the appointment of language Commissioners. But fifteen years is far too long to wait for such basic rights to be recognised.
Tá mé sásta a fhógairt go bhfuil Acht na Gaeilge agus an beart teanga / cultúir réitithe anois agus go dtiocfaidh an reachtaíocht os comhair Westminister i nDeireadh Fómhair. Roghnofar na Coimisineirí ina dhiaidh.
Yesterday I spoke with the new DUP leader Jeffrey Donaldson and we will meet next week. The question facing him is whether he is up for real partnership, real power-sharing, for political institutions that deliver? If the answer to those questions is Yes then he will find a willing partner in the Sinn Féin team under.
A Ministerial team with Michelle alongside Conor Murphy, Deirdre Hargey and Declan Kearney working in the Executive to meet the real challenges facing us as we move out of the pandemic.
But being part of a real partnership government is making and sticking to agreements.
All of the parties and the two governments signed on for New Decade New Approach.
Its implementation is not a point of negotiation. It is an obligation on us all.
The failure of the DUP to meet this basic political benchmark and to obstruct basic rights is not the basis upon which effective partnership government can be built.
I believe that this approach by the DUP is way out of sync with wider society including many within the unionist community.
There are many people within the broader unionist people who value the LGBTQ community, who value and embrace diversity and who see no threat from Irish Language Rights.
They want to live in peace, to raise their family in a community based upon decency and respect, they have no truck with sectarianism or triumphalism. They don’t see their politics in terms of victory and defeat. They are confident in their own identity.
And likewise with Brexit and the approach to the Protocol the DUP are not in step with broad public opinion including many within wider unionism.
Brexit and Brexiteers sought to isolate the north from the rest of Europe against the democratic wishes of a majority of the people. The DUP will be making another political error if they seek to endanger the political stability of the institutions over the consequences of the outworking of their Brexit policy.
Níl bunús leis an Phrotacál a scriosadh. Is é dea-thoil agus úsáid a bhaint as an Choiste Roinnte na modhanna le dushlán agus deacrachtaí a réiteach.
Is féidir teacht ar réiteach agus bím soiléir anseo: Tá an protacal ag teastal de dheacsa nach ar mhaithe le hÉirinn nó an Tuaiseacht é Brexit..
Change is in the air and many are assessing the type of future that is possible.
Can it be better than the past?
Can it be better than the status quo?
Of course, it can.
The pace of this discourse is accelerating, both inside and outside of the political systems in London, in Belfast and in Dublin.
I firmly believe that within this decade the people will have the opportunity to freely choose new constitutional and political arrangements on this island, as underpinned by the provisions of the Good Friday Agreement.
Everyone who has a stake in this transformation from across this island must be involved in designing what shape that takes.
Far from diluting unionist tradition or British identity and culture in any future arrangements, these rights like others must be guaranteed.
Last weekend Tánaiste and Fine Gael Leo Varadkar made a very welcome political intervention saying that the time to start planning for Irish Unity is now. I hope that he and the government of which he is a part is as good as his word and will start this process now.
Let me be clear, there is no contradiction in working within a functioning power-sharing government while building for a new united shared Ireland.
So, while the different parties in the Executive at this time may hold different and legitimate visions for the future, power sharing and the primacy of a democratic, respectful and tolerant must be the order of the day as we forge a path forward in common cause, demonstrating a unity of purpose for all of our people.
Throughout the Covid pandemic this has been the approach of the five parties within the Executive and I believe they have done a good job.
In the days ahead it is critical that political stability be restored. That is the minimum people expect.
Sinn Féin stands ready to renominate Michelle O’Neill as Deputy First Minister.
We will play our part.
We don’t seek to humiliate or profit from the dysfunction within the DUP.
But we will stand firm on basic rights and entitlements. These are not up for discussion or negotiation. We are well past that time.
Now is the time for implementation.
Now is the time for respect and equality.
Now is the time for genuine and real partnership.Temple Church is the only commanderie in England we have ever visited. Unlike in France, they aren’t so thick on the ground. Only guessing, but the lack of surviving commanderies may be a product of the way their lands were parceled out after the fall of the order, combined with the Reformation, which destroyed many, if not most, religious sites throughout Britain. The Templars in England were disbanded but were allowed to continue living, which is one of the significant differences between what happened to the Templars in England as compared to in France.
Initially, the London Templars met at a location that had once been a Roman temple. But because of the rapid growth of the order since its founding in England in 1128, by the 1160s the site was too small, and the Templars established a larger monastic complex at Temple Church and made it their headquarters in England. In addition to the church, the new compound originally contained residences, military training facilities, and recreational grounds. The complex needed to be extensive to accommodate not only the numbers of knights but their novices, who were not permitted to go into the City without the permission of the Master of the Temple.
As in France, the Knights Templar wielded enormous influence in England, with the Master of the London Temple sitting in parliament. Their compound was regularly used as a residence by kings and legates of the Pope, and served as an safety-deposit bank, much as the Paris Temple at one time stored the treasury for the French crown.
The original church was consecrated in 1240 and is still visible today, consisting of a central aisle and two side aisles, north and south, of identical width. Looking up, the dome is just over 36 feet high. The church building itself has two separate sections: The original circular church building, called the Round Church, which now acts as a nave, and a rectangular section built later, which adjoins the nave on the east side, and which forms the chancel.
That the church is round is a nod to Christian holdings in the Holy Land, which include the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and the Dome of the Rock, which (though Muslim in origin) had been turned into a Church by the Augustinians. Both were featured on Templar iconography throughout the Middle Ages. In addition, after the Crusaders took Jerusalem in 1099, the Templars made the mosque adjacent to the Dome of Rock their headquarters.
In January 1215 William Marshall was instrumental in negotiating a treaty between King John and his barons at Temple Church, which resulted in Magna Carta. Marshall later became regent during the reign of John’s infant son, King Henry III. Henry later expressed a wish to be buried in the church. To accommodate this desire, in the early 13th century, the chancel of the original church was pulled down and a new larger chancel built, the basic form of which survives today. However, although one of Henry’s infant sons was buried in the chancel, Henry himself later altered his will to reflect his new wish to be buried in Westminster Abbey. William Marshal, on the other hand, as I said in last week’s video, himself became a Templar on his deathbed and was buried in the nave at Temple Church, and you can still see his tomb today.Behavior-dependent selectivity of yellowtail flounder (Limando ferruginea) in the mouth of a commercial bottom trawl.
**********
The bottom trawl fishery in Newfoundland for yellowtail flounder (Limanda ferruginea), hereafter called "yellowtail," re-opened in 1998 after a moratorium from 1994 to 1997. As a result of efforts to maintain a sustainable fishery after the re-opening, the industry faced restrictions that included yearly quotas, minimum legal sizes, discard bans, and short-term area closures due to summer spawning, as well as closures resulting from bycatches of American plaice (Hippoglossoides platessoides) and Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua). In addition, declines in the quality of fish that occur before the spawning season create an incentive to harvest the entire quota while the market value for yellowtail is highest. Therefore, ensuring that the harvesting of this species is not only sustainable but also efficient is a key concern for the fishing industry for yellowtail in Newfoundland.
Understanding fish behavior can help to improve the harvesting process (Winger, 2008). How fishes respond to demersal trawls is indicative of their catchability and has been studied for the different catch zones of a trawl where individuals may occur either 1) in the path of a trawl (i.e., the area between the wings of a trawl net), which results in a high probability of capture; 2) in the path of the sweeps (i.e., the area swept by the doors and ground wires), where they have a lower but still significant probability of capture; or 3) outside the paths of the trawl and sweeps, where there is a minimal probability of capture. Only fishes that stay in or are herded into the path of the trawl mouth (i.e., the area where the footgear connects to the net) are ultimately caught in the net (see Winger et al. [2010] for review).
Flatfishes, because of their generally poor swimming ability that can be attributed to their unique body shape, exhibit a close association with the seabed. Their strategy to avoid natural predators is a combination of burying themselves in sediment, cryptic coloration, and low activity, all of which minimize their detection (Gibson, 2005). As a predator advances, a flatfish will either remain immobile or flee to a short distance to maintain distance from the predator, settling only when the encounter ceases. Similar behavior in relation to trawls has been observed in other flatfishes (Main and Sangster, 1981; Bublitz, 1996; Ryer and Barnett, 2006; Ryer et al., 2010), which react to a gear at short distances and commonly move at a 90[degrees] angle to the trawl. This response occurs multiple times along the sweeps until flatfishes congregate in the mouth of a trawl. Once they are in the trawl mouth, escapement under the footgear is a particular problem (Albert et al., 2003; Ryer and Barnett, 2006). Consequently, the mouth of the trawl is a critically important area when considering how to improve gear efficiency (Engas and Godo, 1989; Walsh, 1992).
As a first step to improve the efficiency of the yellowtail fishery, we developed a high-definition camera system (Underwood et al., 2012) because flatfish species were not able to be easily distinguished in most previous studies (e.g., Beamish, 1966; 1969; Walsh and Hickey, 1993; Bublitz, 1996; Kim and Wardle, 2003; Chosid et al., 2012; Bryan et al., 2014). Then we examined the behavior of yellowtail in the central part of the trawl mouth during commercial bottom trawling operations. The influence of fish size (Walsh, 1992; Peake and Farrell, 2004), swimming endurance and gait (Winger et al., 1999, 2004), orientation (Beamish, 1966), and density (Godo et al., 1999) on general flatfish behavior have been examined in these studies; however, each factor was examined separately. In contrast, we conducted an in-depth, quantitative study and applied statistical models to simultaneously assess all of the above factors and explain what drives the behavior of individual fish and overall outcome for yellowtail in the mouth of the trawl.
We anticipated that the orientation of a fish in or on the substrate and that previous herding by sweeps (previous experience of fish with gear) would affect the probability of capture of individual yellowtail. A flatfish observed in a trawl mouth would be either a fish that had been lying in the path of the trawl and is encountering the gear for the first time or a fish that had been herded previously by the sweeps. In contrast, fish observed along the periphery of the footgear of a trawl would be expected to have been herded previously by the sweeps and, therefore, more likely to orient toward the opposite side of the trawl. Because the morphological features of flatfishes make it difficult for them to turn left or right (Stickney et al., 1973), most yellowtail would be expected to swim in the direction they are facing; therefore, fish oriented inward, if they swam on their current trajectory, would observe the trawl gear earlier in their field of view and hit the footgear, increasing their probability of being captured. Previously herded fish are also likely to be more fatigued than first-time herded fish (Winger et al., 1999)--a state that could affect their response to a trawl and determine whether an individual fish is caught or not.
Materials and methods
Experiments were conducted during the first tow of a bottom trawl each afternoon in June 2010 onboard the FV Aqviq, a 49-m groundfish trawler (2450 bhp) of Ocean Choice International, (1) on the southern Grand Bank off eastern Newfoundland (Table 1). The gear used in these experiments was a 2-bridle, 2-seam bottom trawl (Fig. 1) that had a 4-m extended upper panel (square) and that was equipped with rockhopper footgear (52.5-cm-diameter rubber discs with 20cm spacers). Towing speeds varied from 1.5 to 1.7 m/s, and durations of tows were in a range of 2-3 h. Tow direction was decided by commercial operations and was different for each tow. The height of the headline was approximately 3 m and was recorded with a sensor (Marport Stout Inc., Snohomish, WA) attached to the headline on all tows without the use of camera documentation during the cruise. The door spread ranged from 113 to 123 m and was measured with spread sensors (Marport Stout Inc.) placed on the trawl doors.
During 5 tows, more than 12 h of video footage of flatfishes were collected at depths of 70-82 m, at bottom temperatures ranging from 0.6[degrees]C to 1.2[degrees]C. A new high-definition, self-contained underwater camera system without artificial lights (72% accuracy for identification of yellowtail; for details, see Underwood et al. [2012]) was used to observe approximately a quarter of the footgear (i.e., the central region, excluding the wings; Fig 1). Observational techniques, such as the use of artificial lights, may influence the behavior for some species (Walsh and Hickey, 1993; Weinberg and Munro, 1999). Therefore, time of year and day was chosen to optimize natural underwater light for the camera and so that artificial lights were not needed. The camera system was attached to the inside of the center of the headline (Fig. 1A). The straight-line distance from the camera to the center of the footgear was ~5 m, providing a field a view 3 m high by 4 m wide of the lower first belly and the central part of the footgear.
Video analysis
Analysis of the video footage was conducted in the laboratory by using Observer XT software, vers. 10.1 (Noldus Information Technology, Wageningen, Netherlands). A grid of 100 squares was placed over a 1080p high-definition monitor, and the use of that grid made it possible to provide information on where a fish was in relation to the gear (Fig. 1B). Our approach was similar to that of Albert et al. (2003), but we increased the number of squares in the grid from 49 to 100 to more accurately record the location of individual fish in relation to the footgear.
A square within the grid was selected from a list of randomly generated numbers and, while the video footage was playing, the behavior sequence of the first individual fish seen in that square was recorded. If the selected square included the trawl gear, then the next grid square on the list was selected. Only behaviors for individuals seen resting on the substrate were recorded because it was unclear whether a fish seen swimming into a frame had interacted with the sweeps or footgear. To reduce autocorrelation, observations were restricted to following a single fish in the video footage at any given time. After a sequence was analyzed, playing of the video footage was stopped, and the next grid square was selected from the list of randomly generated numbers. The process was repeated until the footage ended or until it was impossible to identify individuals on or in the substrate because of reduced natural light or the presence of sand clouds. The video footage was reviewed a second time to identify segments greater than 30 s in duration that had not been evaluated previously. The additional observations collected from this second round of analysis were added to the data set.
Individual flatfishes were categorized as either yellowtail (identified by their pointed snout and small mouth; Collette and Klein-MacPhee, 2002) or as unidentified. The analysis of video footage was limited to yellowtail because of the dominance of this species in the footage, but the numbers of unidentified flatfishes were included in values for the "start density" category, which is described later.
Categorical variables used for analysis (Table 2) were derived from similar behavioral studies (e.g., Walsh and Hickey, 1993; Albert et al., 2003; Piasente et al., 2004; Ryer and Barnett, 2006). Location of an individual in relation to the footgear was recorded at the start of the observation and categorized into the following 3 groups. Individuals within 2 squares of and on either side of the center of the footgear were categorized as in the "middle" of the footgear. Individuals observed greater than 2 squares to the port side or starboard side of the center of the footgear were classified as "port" and "starboard", respectively (Fig. IB). The orientation of an individual fish on or in the substrate was recorded at the start of each observation (i.e., before the individual rose from the seabed), and swimming direction was recorded when a fish left the seabed (i.e., displayed initial behavior; Table 2). Previous gear experience was assumed to influence the orientation of an individual fish, and peripherally located individuals (i.e., those not in the 4 middle squares, Fig. 1B) that were facing inward (i.e., individuals on the port side facing starboard and vice versa) were recorded as "previously herded."
Fish length was estimated on the basis of the known dimensions of footgear components (one rockhopper disc and spacer together measured 30 cm in width) within the field of view that corresponded with the minimum legal size of yellowtail (30 cm). Measurements were taken when a single fish was close to the footgear, and each fish was then classified as being either larger or smaller than 30 cm. Individuals that were close to the reference length (~28-32 cm) or that were not visible or close to the footgear were grouped as "unmeasured." Given that fish of different sizes swim at different levels within their swimming performance range, the choice of gait used by each fish was also recorded (Table 2; Webb, 1994; see review by Winger et al. [2010]).
Responses of flatfishes to the footgear and sweeps had been classified into the 4 categories "pass under," "hop," "rise," and "run" in previous studies (Ryer and Barnett, 2006; Ryer, 2008; Ryer et al., 2010; Table 2). We adopted this classification and added a fifth category, "slope." After leaving the seabed, the swimming behavior of individual fish was classified into these 5 categories of "initial behavioral response" (Table 2). Run and slope led to the initiation of herding by the footgear, and the behavioral responses of the other 3 categories were seen as nonherding responses (Ryer et al., 2010). If a subsequent change in the initial response of an individual was observed, then it was noted in "change in response" (Table 2) and the second behavioral response was recorded. The response of individuals that maintained their initial behavioral response was recorded as "continued." The capture outcome of each individual was recorded as "escaped" or "captured" and the method of escapement or capture was noted (i.e., "actively entered or sought escapement," "overtaken," or "collided with the footgear").
The time, in seconds, from the point when an individual left the seabed until it passed over or under the footgear was recorded as the residence time. Total flatfish densities, estimated as the number of stationary and moving flatfishes in each video frame, were recorded at the start of each observation (start density). After all video footage was analyzed, the behaviors of 190 yellowtail were available for statistical analysis, representing approximately 1% of the total yellowtail catch from the 5 tows.
Statistical analysis
We concentrated on 4 main areas of analysis, looking at the influence of multiple variables on orientation (model 1: orientation=location), initial response (model 2: initial response=location+swimming direction+length+gait+start density+tow [random fac tor]), change in response (model 3: change in response=location+swimming direction+length+gait+initial response+residence+startdensity+tow [random factor]), and capture outcome (model 4: capture outcome=previous gear experience+length+gait+initial response+residence +start density+tow [random factor]).
The influence of fish location in relation to the footgear on the orientation of 190 individual yellowtail on the substrate (previous gear experience, specifically for previously herded fish) was tested for uniformity (non-randomness) with the Rayleigh test by using Oriana software, vers. 3 (Kovach Computing Services, Anglesey, Wales).
Because we were interested in the effect of fish length, along with other covariates, in shaping behavioral responses, 40 individual yellowtail that had no length data (i.e., fish that were unmeasured) were dropped from the analysis for models 2-4 (initial response, change in response, and capture outcome). For the initial response model, we initially attempted a multinominal analysis. However, we had zero observations for hop and pass under responses and only 9 observations for the rise response, thereby invalidating any further multicategorical analysis. The statistical analysis for the initial response model was then focused on the herded individuals, and binomial analysis was used with the initial response variable categories of run and slope for 141 observations. The model, therefore, was altered and named "initial herding response." The statistical analysis for the change-in-response model was also focused on only the herded individuals (i.e., initial response variable categories of run and slope), and binomial analysis was used with the change-in-response variable categories of changed and continued for 141 observations. The model, therefore, was altered and named "change in herding response." However, with the capture outcome model, we examined all initial responses (i.e., initial response variable categories of run, slope, and rise), using binomial analysis with capture outcome variable categories of caught and escaped for 150 observations.
To account for the variance between tows and pseudo replication (Millar and Anderson, 2004) in analysis of models 2-4 (initial herding response, change in herding response, and capture outcome), we used a generalized linear mixed model (GLMM) with binomial error, with tow as a random factor. Analysis with GLMMs was carried out with the lme4 package (Bates et al., 2013) in R, vers. 3.0.2 (R Core Team, 2013). Explanatory variables with more than 2 categories (i.e., location) were automatically separated into binomials by R (i.e., port location versus starboard location; Table 3). Variables in the models were reduced by using backward stepwise deletion until only variables that explained a significant amount of variation (likelihood ratio test, P<0.05) in the data remained (Crawley, 2007).
Results
Catch composition of flatfishes varied with each tow, ranging from 84% to 92% for yellowtail and from 8% to 15% for American plaice. Witch flounder (Glyptocephalus cynoglossus) were present in only one tow (Table 1). The length of yellowtail in the catch ranged from
20 to 52 cm. The majority of yellowtail (60-75%) were observed to be resting in or on the substrate in the video footage before they reacted to the footgear, while the remainder were observed swimming into the field of view. Yellowtail observed swimming into the frame rather than resting in or on the substrate in the video footage displayed behaviors (run, slope, and rise) similar to those of the fish recorded in this study.
Orientation
Orientation of yellowtail before their initial reaction to the central footgear varied, depending on where in the trawl mouth an individual originally was observed (Fig. 2), and orientation was found to be nonrandom, being significantly clustered, for run, slope, and rise behaviors (Rayleigh test, P<0.001). Most individuals in peripheral locations faced inward; 46% and 51% for individuals on the port and starboard sides (Fig. 2, A and B). Most individuals in the middle of the trawl mouth faced the vessel, away from the oncoming trawl (46%, Fig. 20.
Initial response
None of the observed individuals displayed an initial behavior of pass under or hop. Most individuals (112 of 150 fish) had an initial response of run, and only 9 individuals were observed to initially rise. The majority of individuals (91%) swam in the direction in which they were oriented on the substrate. Location, fish length, gait, and start density alone did not have a significant influence on the initial herding responses of run and slope, but swimming direction significantly influenced each of those 2 responses (Table 3; Fig. 3). Most individuals that initially responded with slope behavior swam perpendicular to the trawling direction (79%), and individuals that exhibited a run response were twice as likely to swim in the trawling direction as fish that responded with slope behavior (42% versus 21%). Fish that initially responded with rise behavior did not have a 2-dimensional swimming direction; instead they propelled off the seabed vertically and past the height of the footgear. Individuals that were herded (with run and slope behavior) spent 3-4 times longer in the mouth of the trawl than the nonherded fish (run, 4.3 s, and slope, 3.0 s, versus rise, 1.1 s; Table 4) and maximum time spent in the mouth of the trawl was observed for individuals that had a run response (maximum time: run, 31.9 s, versus slope, 6.5 s).
Change in response
The majority of yellowtail continued their initial behavioral response to the footgear, but 40% of individual yellowtail showed a behavioral shift (Fig. 4). The change in response always resulted in the fish moving farther away from the substrate. Location, swimming direction, fish length, gait, residence time, and start density alone did not have a significant influence on change in herding response, but initial response significantly influenced the observed change in herding response (Table 3). Almost all changes occurred in individuals that initially exhibited run behavior (58 of 60 individuals); in contrast, all individuals that initially moved upward continued to do so.
Capture outcome
Of the fish that left the substrate, 37% escaped through or under the footgear. Most fish escaped by swimming across the mouth of the trawl toward the outer footgear and by finding gaps in the footgear (40 of 55 individuals; Table 4). The remainder collided with the gear or were passively overtaken by the footgear. Fish length, gait, residence time, and start density alone did not have a significant influence on capture, but initial orientation and response significantly influenced the probability of capture (Table 3). Individuals in the peripheral locations that were facing inward and were assumed to have been previously herded (indicated by the striped area in Fig. 2) were twice as likely as all other individuals to be caught (caught-to-escape ratio, 3.0:1 and 1.5:1, respectively). Nearly all yellowtail ([greater than or equal to] 97%) that had an initial response of slope or rise were caught; whereas, only half of the fish that exhibited a run response (52%) to the footgear were captured.
Discussion
This detailed analysis of the behavior of yellowtail in the central part of the mouth of an approaching bottom trawl revealed that individual fish responded in different ways and that the response of a fish had consequences for its probability of being caught. Some fish swam along the bottom in front of the moving trawl (run behavior), whereas other fish gradually left the bottom (slope behavior) and others swam directly upward (rise behavior). The behavioral decision of a fish was linked to its initial orientation. Fish that stayed in the middle location along the footgear tended to be oriented in the trawling direction and swam along the bottom, whereas fish at peripheral locations were usually oriented inward and swam upward. Leaving the bottom as a rule resulted in a fish being caught.
There are some limitations to our study. For instance, we assumed that only individuals that were in peripheral locations and facing inward were herded by the gear before our observation, but we recognize that some of the fish in the middle location may also have encountered the gear but were not categorized as previously herded. Likewise, some of the fish in peripheral locations could have maintained an inward orientation without having reacted to the gear. One solution to this conundrum may be the use of electronic tagging of individual fishes (Engas et al., 1998; Winger, 2004), an approach that could provide information about gear encounters by recording the position of an individual fish in relation to the sweeps before it enters the mouth of a trawl. Another potential bias in our analysis is the undercounting of fish that did not react to the footgear and were passed over by the trawl. These fish could not be distinguished from the substrate and, therefore, were not included in the database.
In contrast to findings in earlier flatfish studies (Walsh, 1992; Godo et al., 1999; Gibson, 2005), results from our study indicate that neither fish size nor fish density in the trawl mouth influenced the response or capture of yellowtail. Walsh (1992) collected high numbers of small flatfishes (<31 cm) under the trawl with the use of bags. This outcome contrasts with our findings, but, as mentioned previously, we could not distinguish fish that were buried in the substrate, a circumstance that could explain the difference in these results. In Walsh's (1992) study, the small flatfishes may not have reacted to the footgear but could have reacted to the small bag itself after they passed under the footgear. The lack of a density effect in our study may be explained by density counts that were lower in our study than in the study by Godo et al. (1999). Furthermore, we modeled fish size and density along with other variables to establish which factors influenced herded individuals the most, and both fish size and density were not among those factors.
As predicted, peripherally located fish in the center of the footgear were mostly oriented inward, indicating that most of these fish had been previously herded. More than 90% of these fish also reacted by swimming in the direction in which they were initially oriented. In contrast, centrally positioned fish were generally oriented away from the oncoming trawl-- a result that is similar to the findings of both Walsh and Hickey (1993) and Albert et al. (2003). The general orientation away from the trawl is a likely initial response to the impending trawl because the orientation of yellowtail was consistent despite the change in the direction of trawling for each haul. Vessel-radiating noise is expected to influence the orientation of flatfishes, and American plaice have been shown to react at considerable distances ahead of an approaching trawler (P. Winger and S. Walsh, unpubl. data). In comparison, fish in peripheral locations mainly were turned perpendicular to the trawl gear, indicating that earlier physical encounters with the sweeps and wings were the dominating influence for this type of movement.
The initial response and previous gear experience each had a strong influence on the capture of yellowtail in the central part of the trawl mouth. The observed rate of escapement (37%) was similar to that had been found for Greenland halibut (Reinhardtius hippoglossoides) (Albert et al., 2003), but the actual escapement rate for yellowtail is presumably much higher because of unobserved fish that pass under the footgear (Ryer and Barnett, 2006). Individuals that exhibited a run response had a 52% probability of escaping, but lifting from the bottom (slope and rise responses) resulted in all fish being caught. Flatfishes that leave the seabed can no longer see the threat of the footgear below (Ryer, 2008), and, although they avoid the immediate threat of the footgear, they do not avoid the net and are captured (Ryer et al., 2010). Because of the "ground effect," [term describing the change in performance of moving objects near a solid surface] flatfishes that swim close to the seabed may also require less energy (Videler, 1993; Webb and Gerstner, 2000) to keep distance from the threat and, therefore, have more time to seek escapement. Finally, swimming at an angle to the seabed forces individuals to swim more rapidly, to use more energy (in order to maintain a distance over ground from the threat) and by contrast, to reduce their escapement time.
The initial response also could be affected by previous gear encounters and, therefore, also would influence the probability of capture. We observed that individuals assumed to be previously herded had only a 24% probability of avoiding capture and were twice as likely to be caught. These individuals were oriented toward the opposite wing of the trawl. Because most yellowtail generally swam in the direction in which they were oriented (also see Stickney et al. [1973]), these fish would hit the footgear and end by being captured.
The consistency of a fish's response depended on the initial behavioral decision. Fish that responded with a slope or rise behavior generally maintained this same behavior throughout the period of observation, but about 40% of the yellowtail that exhibited a run response shifted to a slope or rise response. Such a change in behavior was always one-way, that is, no individuals moved back toward the seabed after leaving it. If, however, the energetic cost of continuing a response increases to some threshold, presumably the point of fatigue, an animal would be expected to switch behavior (Ydenberg and Dill, 1986; Breen et al., 2004; Peake and Farrell, 2006; Winger et al., 2010). Although there was no influence of gait on change in response in our study, indicating that a fish did not reach the critical level of fatigue, the behavioral shifts that were observed indicate that there are cumulative energetic costs of swimming ahead of the footgear.
In light of the findings from previous behavioral studies and our study, the combined effects of trawl gear components need to be studied further in a manner that makes fishes initially have a run response then a rise or slope response during the capture process. Further experiments should include different combinations of vessel speed, sweep angle, and gear visibility to stimulate the run response in flatfishes before their approach to the mouth of a trawl. Once in the mouth of the trawl, lights in the central part of the footgear may cause a startled response (Walsh and Hickey, 1993) and trigger flatfishes to leave the seabed. Studying the effect of various light sources, like flashing or intermittent lights, on response to the footgear by different species of flatfishes would be worthwhile.
Manuscript submitted 9 September 2014.
Manuscript accepted 5 August 2015.
Fish. Bull. 113:430-441 (2015).
Online publication date: 2 September 2015.
doi: 10.7755/FB. 113.6.
The views and opinions expressed or implied in this article are those of the author (or authors) and do not necessarily reflect the position of the National Marine Fisheries Service, NOAA.
Acknowledgments
We thank the captains and crew of the FV Aqviq for their assistance and hospitality while out at sea, as well as to S. Mahlum, C. Batten, and J. White for their technical assistance. We also thank D. Schneider at Memorial University of Newfoundland, M. Pennington at Institute of Marine Research, and N. Cadigan at Fisheries and Oceans Canada for their statistical advice. Lastly, we, thank S. Grant and the anonymous reviewers for their comments on earlier versions.
Literature cited
Albert, O. T., A. Harbitz, and A. S. Heines. 2003. Greenland halibut observed by video in front of survey trawl: behaviour, escapement, and spatial pattern. J. Sea Res. 50:117-127.
Bates, D., M. Maechler, B. Bolker, and S. Walker. 2013. Ime4: Linear mixed-effects models using Eigen and S4. R package vers. 1.0-5. [Available at website.]
Beamish, F. W. H. 1966. Reactions of fish to otter trawls. Fish. Can. 19(51:19-21.
1969. Photographic observations on reactions of fish ahead of otter trawls. FAO Fish. Rep. 62:511-521.
Breen, M., J. Dyson, F. G. O'Neill, E. Jones, and M. Haigh. 2004. Swimming endurance of haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus L.) at prolonged and sustained swimming speeds, and its role in their capture by towed fishing gears. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 61:1071-1079.
Bryan, D. R., K. L. Bosley, A. C. Hicks, M. A. Haltuch, and W. W. Wakefield. 2014. Quantitative video analysis of flatfish herding behavior and impact on effective area swept of a survey trawl. Fish. Res. 154:120-126.
Bublitz, C. G. 1996. Quantitative evaluation of flatfish behavior during capture by trawl gear. Fish. Res. 25:293-304.
Chosid, D. M., M. Pol, M. Szymanski, F. Mirarchi, and A. Mirarchi. 2012. Development and observations of a spiny dogfish Squalus acanthias reduction device in a raised footrope silver hake Merluccius bilinearis trawl. Fish. Res. 114:66-75.
Collette, B. B., and G. Klein-MacPhee. 2002. Bigelow and Schroeder's fishes of the Gulf of Maine, 3rd ed., 748 p. Smithsonian Inst. Press, Washington, D.C.
Crawley, M. J. 2007. The R Book, 950 p. John Wiley & Sons, Ltd., Chichester, UK.
Engas, A., and O. R. Godo. 1989. Escape of fish under the fishing line of a Norwegian sampling trawl and its influence on survey results. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 45:269-276.
Engas, A., E. K. Haugland, and J. T. Ovredal. 1998. Reactions of cod (Gadus morhua L.) in the pre-vessel zone to an approaching trawler under different light conditions. Hydrobiologia 371-372:199-206.
Gibson, R. N. 2005. The behaviour of flatfishes. In Flatfishes: biology and exploitation (R. N. Gibson, ed.), p. 213-239. Blackwell Science, Ltd., Oxford, UK.
Godo, O. R., S. J. Walsh, and A. Engas. 1999. Investigating density-dependent catchability in bottom-trawl surveys. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 56: 292-298.
Kim, Y-H, and C. S. Wardle. 2003. Optomotor response and erratic response: quantitative analysis of fish reaction to towed fishing gears. Fish. Res. 60:455-470.
Main, J., and G. I. Sangster. 1981. A study of the fish capture process in a bottom trawl by direct observations from a towed underwater vehicle. Scott. Fish. Res. Rep. 23, 24 p. [Available at website.]
Millar, R. B., and M. J. Anderson. 2004. Remedies for pseudoreplication. Fish. Res. 70:3974 07.
Peake, S. J., and A. P. Farrell. 2004. Locomotory behaviour and post-exercise physiology in relation to swimming speed, gait transition and metabolism in free-swimming smallmouth bass (Micropterus dolomieu). J. Exp. Biol. 207:1563-1575.
2006. Fatigue is a behavioural response in respirometer-confined smallmouth bass. J. Fish Biol. 68:1742-1755.
Piasente, M., I. A. Knuckey, S Eayrs, and P. E. McShane. 2004. In situ examination of the behaviour of fish in response to demersal trawl nets in an Australian trawl fishery. Mar. Freshw. Res. 55:825-835.
R Core Team. 2013. R: a language and environment for statistical computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. [Available at website, accessed November 2013.]
Ryer, C. H. 2008. A review of flatfish behavior relative to trawls. Fish. Res. 90:138-146.
Ryer, C. H., and L. A. K. Barnett. 2006. Influence of illumination and temperature upon flatfish reactivity and herding behavior: potential implications for trawl capture efficiency. Fish. Res. 81:242-250.
Ryer, C. H., C. S. Rose, and P. J. Iseri. 2010. Flatfish herding behavior in response to trawl sweeps: a comparison of diel responses to conventional sweeps and elevated sweeps. Fish. Bull. 108:145-154.
Stickney, R. R., D. B. White, and D. Miller. 1973. Observations of fin use in relation to feeding and resting behavior in flatfishes (Pleuronectiformes). Copeia 1973:154-156. [Available at website.]
Underwood, M. J., P. D. Winger, and G. Legge. 2012. Development and evaluation of a new high definition self-contained underwater camera system to observe fish and fishing gears in situ. J. Ocean Technol. 7(1):6070. [Available at website.]
Videler, J. J. 1993. Fish swimming, 260 p. Chapman & Hall, London, UK.
Walsh, S. J. 1992. Size-dependent selection at the footgear of a ground-fish survey trawl. N. Am. J. Fish. Manage. 12:625-633.
Walsh, S. J., and W. M. Hickey. 1993. Behavioural reactions of demersal fish to bottom trawls at various light conditions. ICES Mar. Sci. Symp. 196:68-76.
Webb, P. W. 1994. Exercise performance of fish. In Comparative vertebrate exercise physiology: phyetic adaptations (J. H. Jones, ed.), p. 1-49. Academic Press, San Diego, CA.
Webb, P. W., and C. L. Gerstner. 2000. Fish swimming behaviour: predictions from physical principles. In Biomechanics in animal behaviour (P. Domenici and R. W. Blake, eds.), p. 59-77. BIOS Scientific Publishers, Ltd., Oxford, UK.
Weinberg, K. L., and P. T. Munro. 1999. The effect of artificial light on escapement beneath a survey trawl. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 56:266-274.
Winger, P. D. 2004. Effect of environmental conditions on the natural activity rhythms and bottom trawl catchability of Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua). Ph.D. diss., 151 p. Mem. Univ. Nfld., St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada.
2008. Fishing smarter: improving harvesting technology through the study of animal behaviour. J. Ocean Technol. 3(2): 15-20.
Winger, P. D., S. Eayrs, and C. W. Glass. 2010. Fish behaviour near bottom trawls. In Behavior of marine fishes: capture processes and conservation challenges (P. He, ed.), p 67-102. Wiley-Blackwell, Arnes, IA.
Winger, P. D., P. He, and S. J. Walsh. 1999. Swimming endurance of American plaice (Hippoglossoides platessoides) and its role in fish capture. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 56:252-265.
Winger, P. D., S. J. Walsh, P. He, and J. A. Brown. 2004. Simulating trawl herding in flatfish: the role of fish length in behaviour and swimming characteristics. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 61:1179-1185.
Ydenberg, R. C., and L. M. Dill. 1986. The economics of fleeing from predators. Adv. Study Behav. 16:229-249.
Melanie J. Underwood (contact author) [1,2,3]
Paul D. Winger [3]
Anders Ferno [2]
Arill Engas [1,2]
[1] Institute of Marine Research
P.O. Box 1870
Nordnes, 5817 Bergen, Norway
[2] Department of Biology
University of Bergen,
P.O. Box 7800
NO-5020 Bergen, Norway
[3] Fisheries and Marine Institute
Memorial University of Newfoundland
P.O. Box 4920
St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada A1C 5R3
(1) Mention of trade names or commercial companies is for identification purposes only and does not imply endorsement.
Table 1 Date, location, start depth, vessel's course over ground, percentage of yellowtail flounder (Limando, ferruginea), American plaice (Hippoglossoides platessoides), and witch flounder (Glyptocephalus cynoglossus), and the number of observations of yellowtail flounder made in analyses of video footage from 5 tows of a bottom trawl in June 2010 on the southern Grand Bank off eastern Newfoundland. Course Start Start Start over Catch Date latitude longitude depth ground size Tow (m/d) ([degrees]) ([degrees]) (m) ([degrees]) (kg) 1 6/17 45.463 -51.871 82.3 162 2875 2 6/20 45.438 -52.219 73.2 20 1725 3 6/22 45.430 -51.871 80.5 270 2944 4 6/23 45.393 -51.175 69.5 344 2530 5 6/24 45.454 -51.283 69.5 142 2392 Percentage of flatfishes in catch Observations Yellowtail American Witch Number of Tow flounder plaice flounder yellowtail 1 86 14 44 2 92 8 38 3 84 15 1 27 4 92 8 46 5 90 10 35 Table 2 Detailed description of each categorical variable used in the analysis of video footage from 5 tows with a bottom trawl in June 2010 on the southern Grand Bank off eastern Newfoundland. Orientation and swimming direction (coded Previous gear Location separately) experience 1 Port: greater Facing the Herded: located than 2 squares vessel: between on the port, to the port 315[degrees] facing side of the and 45[degrees] starboard or center of the located on the footgear starboard, facing port 2 Middle: within Facing Not herded: all 2 squares starboard: other locations either side of between and the center of 45[degrees] and orientations the footgear 135[degrees] 3 Starboard: Facing the greater than 2 trawl: between squares to the 135[degrees] starboard side and of the center 225[degrees] of the footgear 4 Facing port: between 225[degrees] and 315[degrees] 5 6 Location Length Gait (a) 1 Port: greater Small: <30 cm Kick-swim: than 2 squares caudal fin to the port moves steadily side of the between high center of the tail-beat footgear amplitudes (>1 tailbeat/s) 2 Middle: within Large: >30 cm Cruising: 2 squares caudal fin either side of moves steadily the center of without high the footgear tail-beat amplitudes (<1 tailbeat/sec) 3 Starboard: Unmeasured Burst and greater than 2 coast: caudal squares to the fin moves starboard side steadily of the center between periods of the footgear of no movement 4 5 6 Initial and second behavioral response (b) (coded Change in Location separately) response 1 Port: greater Pass under: no Changed: than 2 squares reaction to changed initial to the port gear before response and side of the passing under displayed a center of the the footgear second response footgear 2 Middle: within Hop: 1 or 2 Continued: 2 squares body movements continued either side of without initial the center of swimming before response with the footgear passing over no second the footgear response 3 Starboard: Rise: swimming greater than 2 vertically, squares to the leaving the starboard side seabed of the center of the footgear 4 Run: swimming close to the seabed (< 1 body length), in front of the footgear 5 Slope: swimming upward while maintaining distance to the footgear 6 Interaction Location Capture outcome with trawl 1 Port: greater Caught: entered Actively than 2 squares the trawl escaped: Sought to the port gear and side of the escaped center of the footgear 2 Middle: within Escaped: did Overtaken and 2 squares not enter the escaped: either side of trawl overtaken by the center of gear the footgear 3 Starboard: Overtaken and greater than 2 caught: squares to the overtaken by starboard side trawl while of the center facing the of the footgear vessel 4 Actively entered: swam into trawl 5 Collided and caught: collided with the gear and entered the trawl 6 Collided and escaped: collided with the gear and escaped (a) Gait employed by fishes (Webb, 1994; Winger et al., 2004). (b) Behavioral responses based on the descriptions in Ryer and Barnett (2006), Ryer (2008), and Ryer et al. (2010); pass under and hop were considered only for initial herding. Table 3 Summary of the 3 statistical models used for analyses of behavioral responses of yellowtail flounder (Limanda ferruginea) observed in video footage from 5 tows of a bottom trawl in June 2010 on the southern Grand Bank off eastern Newfoundland. Initial herding response: initial response=location+swimming direction+length+gait+start density+tow (random factor). Change in herding response: change in response=location+swimming direction+length+gait+initial response+residence+start density+tow (random factor). Capture outcome: capture outcome=previous gear experience+length+gait+initial response+residence+start density+tow (random factor). Variables indicated in bold are significant in the reduced models (P<0.05). Z value is the Wald-Z test. Location 1: port vs. starboard; location 2: port vs. middle; swimming direction 1: port vs. starboard; swimming direction 2: port vs. vessel; initial response 1: slope vs. run; initial response 2: slope vs. rise. Initial herding Change in Variable response herding response Z-value P(>Z) Z-value P(>Z) Intercept 0.416 0.68 -2.384 0.02 Location 1 0.939 0.35 -0.057 0.95 Location 2 0.570 0.57 -0.159 0.87 Swimming direction 1 1.415 0.16 0.275 0.78 Swimming direction 2 2.404* 0.02* -0.607 0.54 Previous gear experience Length 0.213 0.83 0.390 0.70 Gait 0.616 0.54 -1.573 0.12 Initial response 1 3.465* <0.001* Initial response 2 Residence 1.037 0.30 Start density -0.494 0.62 0.237 0.81 Variable Capture outcome Z-value P(>Z) Intercept -2.240 0.03 Location 1 Location 2 Swimming direction 1 Swimming direction 2 Previous gear experience -2.031* 0.04* Length 0.278 0.78 Gait -1.590 0.11 Initial response 1 3.366* <0.001* Initial response 2 0.000 0.99 Residence -1.117 0.26 Start density -0.029 0.98 Note: Variables indicated with * are significant in the reduced models (P<0.05). Table 4 Summary by categorical variables determined from yellowtail flounder (Limanda ferruginea) observed in analysis of video footage from 5 tows of a bottom trawl in June 2010 on the southern Grand Bank off eastern Newfoundland. Total numbers of individuals that escaped and those that were caught are in bold, with the total numbers broken down into trawl interactions (TI) in parentheses. Trawl interactions are actively escape/caught (A), over taken by the trawl (O), and collided with the gear (C). The start densities of flatfishes are provided below the categorical variables. The mean density at the start of an observation, as well as standard errors (SE), 95% confidence intervals (CI), and ranges, are calculated for all observations (Overall) and for escaped and caught fishes. Category Number Escaped (TI) Species Yellowtail 150 55* (A 40, O 12, C 3) Length Large 94 33* (A 26, O 6, C 1) Small 56 22* (A 14, O 16, C 2) Gait Kick-swim 73 29* (A 20, O 8, C 1) Burst-and-coast 77 26* (A 20, O 4, C 2) Initial herding Rise 9 0 response Run 112 54* (A 39, O 12, C 3) Slope 29 1* (A 1) Previous gear Herded 38 9* (A 6, O 2, C 1) experience Not herded 112 46* (A 34, O 10, C 2) Overall Escaped Start density N 150 55 Mean (SE) 13.0 (0.48) 13.0 (0.88) 95% CI 0.95 1.76 Range 2-30 4-30 Category Caught (TI) Species Yellowtail 95* (A70, O 21, C 4) Length Large 61* (A 548, O 10, C 3) Small 34* (A 22,0 11, C 1) Gait Kick-swim 44* (A 29,0 11, C4) Burst-and-coast 51* (A 41, O 10) Initial herding Rise 9* (A 8, Cl) response Run 58* (A 39, O 18, C 1) Slope 28* (A 23, O 3, C 2) Previous gear Herded 29* (A 23, O 5, C 1) experience Not herded 66* (A 47, O 16, C 3) Caught Start density N 95 Mean (SE) 13.0 (0.57) 95% CI 1.13 Range 2-27 Note: Total numbers of individuals that escaped and those that were caught indicated with *.2003 Porsche Cayenne S 5dr Tiptronic S
£6,999
Porsche Cayenne Additional Information
What a great story with this very prestigious looking Porsche Cayenne. Having travelled just 55,228 miles this vehicle comes with an incredible Full Service History with 12 Stamps. Last Serviced at 54,000 miles. Additionally it comes with the all important Spare key and an August 2022 MOT that is advisory free. Better still this Cayenne comes with over £6900 worth of added Spec!
Porsche Cayenne Features
- air-conditioning (automatic)
- Alarm
- Alloy wheels
- electric windows (front/rear)
- in car entertainment (radio/cd)
- seats electric (driver/passenger)
- upholstery leather
- air suspension with pasm
- pcm with satellite navigation
- electric slide/tilt sunroof
- 19in cayenne design alloy wheels
- Metallic paint
- parkassist at front and rear
- tyre-pressure monitoring system
- six-disc cd autochanger
- wheel centre set with full-colour porsche crest
- Coolant temperature gauge
- Elect release for fuel filler flap+boot/tailgate
- Fuel level gauge
- Oil temperature gauge
- On board computer
- Power Steering
- Porsche stability management (PSM)
- 10 speakers
- 4x18W Amplifiers
- Porsche CDR - 23 CD/radio
- 2 speed wipers+intermittent wipe
- Anti trapping/one touch open close front windows
- Anti trapping/one touch open close rear windows
- Aspherical driver's exterior mirror
- Black bodyside mouldings
- Electrically adjustable and heated door mirrors
- Front drivers side windows/one touch up/down
- Green tinted glass
- Grey tint in upper edge of windscreen
- Heated rear windscreen
- Heated washer jets
- High level third brake light
- Illuminated body coloured door handles
- Integral front foglights
- Integral rear antenna
- Integrated rear spoiler
- Integrated washer jet in roof spoiler
- Intermittent rear wash/wipe
- Main beam auxiliary lights
- Manual headlamp level control
- Power foldback door mirrors
- Rain sensor
- Remote control opening rear tailgate window
- Stainless steel door entry guards
- Tailgate illumination and safety lights
- 12 way electric front seats
- 6 12V sockets
- 60/40 asymmetric split folding rear seats
- Active carbon filter
- Adjustable headrests
- Air conditioned glove box
- Air quality sensor
- Automatic air conditioning
- Automatic air recirculate
- Delay cut-off for courtesy lights
- Door bins
- Door safety lights
- Entry lights on doors
- Footwell illumination
- Front and rear cupholders
- Front passenger seat isofix location point
- Front reading lights
- Front seat and rear pockets
- Height/reach adjust steering wheel
- Ignition Lock illumination
- Illuminated centre console storage
- Illuminated driver/passenger vanity mirrors
- Illumination of luggage compartment
- Isofix system on outer rear seats
- Leather steering wheel and gearshift
- Passenger under seat storage tray
- Rear centre armrest with storage compartment
- Rear centre console + storage compartment
- Rear reading lights
- Retractable Loadspace Cover
- Roof mounted sunglasses holder
- Ski bag
- Stainless steel pedals
- 3 point front/outer rear seatbelts+pre-tensioners
- ABS+ABD
- ASR
- Curtain Airbags
- Front seatbelt force limiters
- Front side airbags
- Full size driver and passenger airbags
- Height adjustable front/rear outer seatbelts
- Side impact protection in doors
- Titanium coloured brake calipers
- Two tone horn
- Alarm system with interior protection
- Electronic transponder immobiliser
- Inclination sensor
- Remote Central Locking
- Single tone alarm
- Titanium style finish to instrument panel surround
- 18" Cayenne S alloy wheels
- Tyre repair kit
- including sealant foam
Engine & MPGEngine Size:4,511ccMPG Combined:19mpgMPG Urban:13.5mpgMPG Extra-urban:25.2mpgMOT Expires:22/08/2022
Dimensions & WeightHeight:1,699mmLength:4,782mmWidth:1,928mmBoot space (seats down):1770Boot space (seats up):540Kerb Weight:2245kg
Performance & Safety0 - 60 mph:7.2secondsBHP:335bhpTop Speed:150mphCO2 emissions:361g/kmFestive Jumper Day 2021 - Friday 10 December 2021
Festive Jumper Day has become a modern Christmas tradition enjoyed in schools and offices across the country.
This year, whilst things may be a little different, you can still take part in Festive Jumper Day and raise money to bring Christmas to our hospitals.
On Friday 10 December wear a festive jumper and donate £1 or more to UHB Charity's Christmas appeal.
Encourage your friends and colleagues to take part too. You could even turn it into a competition and see which of your colleagues has the best (or worst!) festive knitwear!
If you're working from home then why not take it a step further and wear a festive onesie?
You can donate here, or if you have any queries please contact charities@uhb.nhs.ukMicro-Electronic Crucibles
Overview
Crucibles to be used in the basket or shielded crucible heaters. Available in a variety of materials. Select a crucible material based on the material that will be evaporated in the crucible. Reference evaporation material pages or materials deposition chart for recommendations.
Please Select a Category:
C1 Crucibles
C1 Crucibles
C10 Crucibles
C10 Crucibles
C9 Crucibles
C9 Crucibles
WASHINGTON, March 23, 2021 – The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced today.
By focusing on these key elements, small and medium-sized farm operators can increase their competitiveness in local markets and can provide greater access to food for their communities. This is extremely critical as we build back a stronger, more equitable food and farming system.
Background:
NIFA awarded grants to the following:
- Auburn University, Auburn University, Alabama: “Challenges and Opportunities for Beginning Small and Medium-Sized Producers in the Southeast” ($500,000)
- Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Alabama: “An Integrated Approach to Improve the Profitability and Viability of Small and Limited Resource Farmers in Rural Counties” ($500,000)
- University of Connecticut, Storrs, Connecticut: “A comprehensive probiotic-based approach to promote layer performance, layer health and egg safety for small and midsize farms” ($500,000)
- Rural Coalition, Washington, District of Columbia: “Community Resilience Through Land Tenure Rights” ($500,000)
- University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida: “Changing Labor Markets and Labor Risk Management: Decision-making Tools for Small- and Medium-Sized Farms” ($499,660)
-)
- Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana: “Incentivizing Land Access for Small, Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers: Research, Extension and Community of Practice” ($499,997)
- Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana: “Taking the Next Step as a Small and Medium Sized Farm: Understanding the Integration of Production, Food Safety, and Profitability” ($499,997)
- Louisiana State University Agricultural Center, Baton Rouge, Louisiana: “Increasing the Adoption of Technology and Enhancing Sustainability of Small Beef Cattle Farms” ($500,000)
- University of Maryland, College Park, Maryland: “Hemp Contracting and Risk Management Issues” ($497,979)
- University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minnesota: “Building a Bidirectional Supply Chain for Farm to Rural Grocery to Wholesale (F2G2W)” ($500,000)
- University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri: “Collective Entrepreneurship Research and Education for Socially-disadvantaged Small- and Medium-Food System Enterprises” ($499,975); “Nudging Landowners and Tenants toward Environmental and Social Stewardship” ($498,833)
- Cornell University, Ithaca, New York: “Improving Livestock Marketing Returns for Small- and Medium-Scale Farms through Innovative Data Collection and Analytical Tools” ($500,000)
- North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota: “Novel merging of heifer reproductive and management systems efficiencies to expand small and medium-sized farm business profit” ($499,991)
- The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio: “Strategic and Operational Agenda to Promote Sustainable Growth in the Developing Pawpaw Value Chain” ($429,928)
- Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pennsylvania: “Farm Succession and Transfer Dynamics: Sustaining an Agriculture of the Middle in the U.S.” ($494,263)
- University of Rhode Island, Kingston, Rhode Island: “Developing Evidence-based Handling Guidelines for Improving the Safety of Free-range Poultry Eggs” ($199,483)
-)
- Texas A&M AgriLife Research, College Station, Texas: “Creating Partnerships Between Veterinarians and Small and Medium-Sized Farmers to Enhance Economic Efficiency and Sustainability” ($499,999)
-..The image shows the surface of the ribbon-like myofibrils, with some remnants of the SR attached mostly at the Z lines. The regular disposition of attached cross bridges is visible in many areas. Most images of this group show fractures through the outer membrane of mitochondria and SR/T tubules of dyads nestled in long grooves of the mitochondrial surface. All leaflets of the membranes appear in the images. References for the image: Loesser, K.E. and Franzini-Armstrong, C. A simple method for freeze-drying of macromolecules and macromolecular complexes. J. Struct. Biol. 103: 48-56, 1990. Bard, F., Franzini-Armstrong, C. and Ip W. Rigor cross bridges are double headed in fast muscle from crayfish. J. Cell Biol. 105: 2225-2234, 1987.
Negatives scanned at LBL then reduced in size for upload TEM magnifications not currently available. Scan step size is 6.3 micron, then reduced in size 4X for upload, for an effective pixel size of 25 micron. Heads and tail were removed, the thorax was bisected and immersed in 100 mM KCl, 10 mM EDTA, 10 Triton X for a few hrs, to depolarize and skin the fibers, then maintained at -20 C in 50% glycerol in the same solution for several weeks to induce rigor by eliminating ATP. The muscle was gently homogenized in a waring blender in 0.9% NaCl. The fibrils were deposited on glass and sequentially fixed in 0.1% glutaraldehyde in 0.1 M cacodylate buffer, rinsed in 100 mM ammonium acetate, treated with 1% uranyl acetate for 30 seconds, rinsed in 40% methanol and frozen in liquid nitrogen. The fibrils were freeze dried at -90 C for 30 minutes and rotary shadowed with platinum either at 25C or 45C in a Balzer's 400 freeze fracture. The glass was dissolved in hydrofluoric acid and the replicas were mounted on copper grids and examined in a Philips 410 Microscope.OPERATION Restore legacy which saw the resignation of former President Mugabe is an unprecedented miracle which cannot be repeated anywhere else in the world, Presidential spokesperson Mr George Charamba has said.
Mr Charamba lauded the intelligence of the security forces for the smooth transition which ended with no bloodshed despite millions of people spontaneously taking to the streets.
In an interview on ZiFM Stereo, a local radio station this week, Mr Charamba — who is also the Permanent Secretary for Media, Information and Broadcasting Services — said it was indeed an unparalled miracle that cannot be replicated anywhere else in the world.
“I was part of the negotiating team that provided some link between the military and the former President alongside Father (Fidelis) Mukonori and a colleague called Aaron Nhepera. So really, I had this rather unenvious role of plying between the military and of course the outgoing President to just make sure that there was some understanding and to just make sure that the transition itself was peaceful.
“I’m so happy that we were able to discharge that function without a loss of life. In a way that really made for a very smooth transition which has been a miracle in the world,” said Mr Charamba.
He said considering that guns were moving, tanks were moving and the country was going through that delicate phase, “elsewhere there would have had bodies and bodies on the streets which did not happen in Zimbabwe”.
“The Zimbabwean transition is non-repeatable, that’s why it passes for a miracle. What makes it non-repeatable is the fact that the command of our defence or security forces establishment is amazingly literate. You could sit down with the commanders and reason out with them in spite of operations and tension that come with that operation to say ah General Chiwenga this one is not . . . why don’t we look at it this way, and they could see your point because quite a good number of them have PhDs. Just to have that intellectual faculty does make a difference between creatures of the brawn and creatures of the brain,” said Mr Charamba.
“So you don’t find that level of literacy in any other command on the continent which is why I dare say what happened in the month of November which has passed for a miracle cannot be tried elsewhere.”
In November 2017, the Zimbabwe Defence Forces (ZDF) carried out Operation Restore Legacy (ORL) to remove criminals around the former and first Executive President of Zimbabwe, Mr Mugabe.
It was an intervention meant to arrest a potentially volatile, social, economic and political situation in the country.
The ZDF assured the nation that the uniformed forces had not staged a coup to unseat Mr Mugabe but were targeting some criminal elements around him that were causing instability in Government and the ruling Zanu-PF.
President Emmerson Mnangagwa is on record as saying Operation Restore Legacy was launched to rescue the values and ethos of the liberation struggle threatened by political upstarts and counter-revolutionaries.
He said the G40 cabal and their destructive politics not only destabilised Zanu-PF but also brought confusion in the country. “It had destabilised the party, causing absolute divisions and disquiet in the nation which sat on edge. The party ideology, rules and protocols were being desecrated daily; or simply being brushed aside at will,” said President Mnangagwa.
“Party structures were overrun, while elected office-bearers were summarily suspended and dismissed at speeds of caprice and vaulting ambition. Corrupt activities and corrupt individuals were daily sanitised while millions of dollars were being stolen and stashed outside the country.” – Chronicle- Evergrande has remitted the funds for a key interest payment that was due Sept. 23 — ahead of a 30-day grace period that ends tomorrow, according to Chinese state media Securities Times.
- The $83.5 million interest payment on Evergrande's March 2022 offshore bond had been closely watched by investors ever since the indebted property developer warned twice in September that it may default..
Shares of Evergrande popped on that news, closing up 4.26%.
Money Report.
The Securities Times report said Evergrande plans to make the interest payment in time for the Oct. 23 deadline, and that the embattled property developer had remitted the $83.5 million through Citibank. The bank declined CNBC's request for comment.
The world's most indebted property developer is buckling under the weight of more than $300 billion in debt, and has been struggling to raise funds to pay suppliers and investors.
CNBC has reached out to Evergrande for comment. Evergrande missed four other coupon payments in September and October. There are other interest payments on its U.S. dollar bonds due in November and December.
In total, Evergrande has missed payments of at least $279 million since last month, according to Reuters —this figure would include the Sept. 23 payment.
Jim Veneau, head of Asian fixed income at AXA Investment Managers, called the latest development on Evergrande a "surprise."
"It's definitely a surprise, but a positive surprise," Veneau told CNBC's "Street Signs Asia" following the news. "The key with Evergrande's payment this morning is, at least it shows a willingness to make the payment."
But, he added: "I wouldn't call it a game changer, it's more like a hopefully momentum changer."
Evergrande contagion fears
Worries over its huge debt have roiled global markets, amid concerns about a potential spillover into the rest of China's real estate industry or economy.
Markets had widely expected Evergrande to default on the interest payments, as analysts said domestic investors would be prioritized over foreign investors.
However, last week, China's central bank said property firms that have issued bonds overseas — referred to as offshore bonds — should actively fulfil their debt repayment obligations.
But Evergrande encountered a setback this week, when a deal to sell off some of its assets and bring in much-needed funds fell through.
It was in talks earlier this month to sell a 50.1% stake in Evergrande Property Services, its services unit, to a smaller rival Hopson Development Holdings. But Hopson announced Wednesday that the deal — which would have been worth 20.04 billion Hong Kong dollars ($2.58 billion) — fell through.
Debt problems in China's real estate sector has spread beyond Evergrande, said Veneau of AXA Investment Managers. He pointed to defaults by other Chinese property developers Fantasia and Modernland.
"So with those two events, the market then had some serious considerations over whether all of the weak companies would — even if they were showing high cash to short term debt (ratio) — would they make their coupon payments, would they repay their maturities," he said.
"So that's the question that had been put into doubt."
More developers have been facing the threat of default, with ratings agencies issuing a series of downgrades on property firms in China.
China's 'three red lines'.
In the last few years, Chinese developers have increasingly taken on debt, particularly in overseas markets.
Between 2016 and 2020, the industry's value of offshore U.S. dollar bonds grew by 900 billion yuan ($139.75 billion) —.What has the team been doing?
Your Union Officers, Nela, Calum, Alyson and Sophie, have been working hard to Make Students' Lives Better! Read on to find out what they've been doing.
Nela, Union President
Calum, Vice President Education
Alyson, Vice President Communication
You can contact Alyson at communities.union@stir.ac.uk
Sophie, Sports President
You can contact Sophie at sport.union@stir.ac.uk
Read the statement from the Officer team
Against Gender Based Violence
Gifts for everyone!
Nominate on your portal!
Find out what took place and which motions were voted on.
Find out what your Officers have been working on.
Find out more about our decolonisation work with the National Union of Students.
Want to chat with Alyson?
A look back at what the Union did in 2020/21 towards making students' lives better.80W Linear Halogen 78 mm Lamp(equivalent of 100W)
Energy saving linear halogen lamp - 80W lamp, equivalent of 100W..
£2.50 Ex. VAT
Energy Saving Linear Halogen 80W R7s, Double Ended Linear Lamp 117mm 1400lm
This is a Tungsten Halogen R7s Double Ended Linear Energy Saving lamp 80W (equivalent to 100W). ..
£2.99 Ex. VAT
Showing 1 to 10 of 10 (1 Pages)Other Aliassetrlimit.
EXAMPLES
None.
APPLICATION USAGE .FlaBadger Posted April 11, 2016 Report Share Posted April 11, 2016 Ticket sales will open in October 2017 on the mobile site of the organizing committee for both Koreans and foreigners. Tickets can only be purchased with Visa cards or by cash. October 2016 ? Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.A couple who starved a snake to death have been made to pay for it.
Richard Curtis and Claire Fradgley knowingly let their boa constrictor go hungry.
The RSPCA acted to ensure the Denton Burn duo are now banned from ever having snakes again.
Now the charity's dealt them a further blow after a court ruled the pair must pay the prosecution's costs.
The unspecified costs were approved at a brief Newcastle Magistrates Court hearing on Friday afternoon.
Inspectors previously revealed how they found the snake dead in a cold tank at their former rented Newburn Road home.
A post-mortem revealed starvation was the only possible cause of death.
“Curtis and Fradgley admitted that they knew the snake was thin but they didn’t do anything about it,” said RSPCA inspector Kirsty Keogh-Laws.
“This snake suffered and died as a result.”
The pair changed their plea to guilty just before their August 23 trial was due to start, admitting four charges.
They admitted causing unnecessary suffering to the animal, along with failing to ensure the snake’s welfare.
The couple, who have since moved to Loweswater Road, were banned from keeping reptiles for life and slapped with hefty fines.The Most Delicious Way to Find Our Which Hogwarts House You’re In
If you’re one to eat your way into things, you might just be in luck. In honor of “Back to Hogwarts Day” on September 1st, the team at the New York Times asked pastry chef Erin Jeanne McDowell to create a croquembouche tower filled with cream puffs of four different colors. Whichever color you get in your croquembouche will determine which house you belong to. How cool is that?!
P.S. Am I the only one getting Honeydukes vibes just by watching this?Latest Weather Blog
Humidity, rain chances, Mississippi River all on the way up
As expected, humidity continues to climb. Overnight, dew points climbed into the low 70s across the forecast area resulting in summerlike morning temperatures in the low 70s. This means the 13 Parish, 3 County forecast area is feeling “sticky” and that will continue through the weekend.
THE FORECAST:
Today and Tonight: Once again, Thursday high temperatures will make it into the upper 80s. Do expect a more humid feel than Monday and Tuesday. Skies will feature a mix of sun and clouds—a few of which may wring out a shower during the afternoon. 13 Parish, 3 County forecast area rain coverage should not exceed 20 percent. Winds will remain southeast at 10mph. Overnight low temperatures will stay mild and muggy in the low 70s.
Up Next: Friday and Saturday will be warm and humid with highs topping out in the mid to upper 80s. Pop-up showers and thunderstorms will develop during the afternoon hours, but not all locations will pick up rain. By Sunday, a cold front will move into the region bringing greater coverage in showers and thunderstorms. It is still early, but at this point, it would be a good idea to think about a contingency plan for outdoor events. Some forecast models are beginning to squeeze out a decent amount of precipitation too, which is common from spring or summer showers and storms. By early next week, the region may accumulate 2-3 inches of rain.
Trending News
Runoff from rain in the local area will not make it into the rising Mississippi River. The highest crest in several years is expected for “big muddy” in Baton Rouge. Here is what to expect.
THE SCIENCE: With an upper ridge over the Eastern U.S. and a trough over the Lower Midwest, upper level winds are faster, southwesterly and divergent. In addition to this, cooler temperatures aloft should allow isolated showers and thunderstorms to develop this afternoon, Friday and Saturday. A pocket of positive vorticity advection is depicted in the upper levels, but low to mid-level moisture is only modest. Therefore, rain coverage should not exceed 20 percent either day. A continued southerly surface wind will promote humidity through the weekend. This will be most noticeable in low temperatures which will be in the low 70s. Some fog could potentially form as well. On Sunday, the axis of an upper trough will move across the Upper Mississippi River Valley and may drag a weak cold front through the area. The mechanisms of these features will mean increased rain coverage for the second half of the weekend. The cold front will push east on Monday, however forecast models are holding some showers in the forecast. We will have some time to work out the fine details on this discrepancy.
--JoshWhat Happens is This
What happens when we, through the process of art making and communal living, see each other close up and personal without armor – the messy hair, the pajama wearing, the teary eyed – imperfect intersections where we get to see humanity through each others’ lives. What happens when you go outside of your routines to […]News
Airbus celebrates “family spirit” on International Civil Aviation Day
By Airbus
In celebration of International Civil Aviation Day, Airbus has released a video showing its jetliner family in action – underscoring how the company is shaping the future of air transportation with its comprehensive product line of modern jetliners.
By Airbus
Timed with a yearly worldwide observance of the aviation industry’s benefits, as proclaimed by the United Nations General Assembly for December 7, the five-minute Airbus video takes a behind-the-scenes look as the company’s multi-national flight test crew prepares and executes a formation flight involving the A320neo, A330-200, A350-900 and A380.
Airbus has always placed a high priority on maximizing the commonality of its jetliner families, which pays dividends for customers – making operations, training and maintenance easier and less expensive. In line with this proven philosophy, 15 of the company’s aircraft models – from the 100-seat A318 to the double-deck A380 – feature nearly identical flight decks and similar handling characteristics.
To date, more than 10,000 Airbus aircraft have been delivered to airline customers in all regions of the world – including Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America and the Caribbean, the Middle East and Africa; along with handovers to lessors, government and private jet operators.
Print this pagePhone Wallpaper About God
Feb 10 2019 download free fire wallpaper by thejao 3c free on zedge now. It supports screen resolutions including qhd full hd as well as hd and the database of available wallpapers updates every day to make sure there is always some fresh content suiting your favorite mood.
Hindu God Hd Wallpaper For Android Apk Download
Share the best gifs now.
Phone wallpaper about god. He will dwell with them and they will be his people and god himself will be with them as their god revelation 213 esv continue reading topics. Httpbitlyasapsciwritten by annik c. New desktop background images added today.
On a computer it is usually for the desktop while on a mobile phone it. Beautiful monthly wallpaper calendars with nature pictures bible verses and more. Daily bing wallpaper as the name suggests is a free wallpaper app for ios and brings back the beautiful bing wallpapers to your screen.
Jan 22 2021 explore sharon adkinss board christmas wallpaper followed by 588 people on pinterest. Download free monthly calendars with inspiring wallpaper for your computer or mobile phone device. free fire wallpapers and ringtones on zedge and personalize your phone to suit you. Download scripture verses bible verse wallpaper backgrounds free online for your phone or computer. I heard a loud voice from the throne saying behold the dwelling place of god is with man.
With tenor maker of gif keyboard add popular wallpaper animated gifs to your conversations. Should you be worried about your cellphone6 reasons for a cellphone vacation. Saturday january 30th 2021.
Browse our content now and free your phone. We have the largest online selection of scripture wallpapers with beautiful and inspiring images that will start your day and continue your day in the word of god. See more ideas about christmas wallpaper christmas wallpaper.
God Of War 4k Wallpaper For Mobile
Freetoedit Wallpaper Arianagrande Phone Phonewallpaper Ariana Grande God Is A Woman Emojii 1948x3465 Wallpaper Teahub Io
Https Encrypted Tbn0 Gstatic Com Images Q Tbn And9gcqirmtchpyrwdtporacfki0surazjpnywwuqednmbqwk4zt8u D Usqp Cau
Pin On Phone Wallpapers By Typerella Wallpaper God Quotes Neat
Lord Shiva Hd Phone Wallpaper Ghantee
God Wallpaper For Mobile Free Download Ghantee
God Will Hold You Up Phone Wallpaper And Mobile Background
God Is Forever Faithful Believers4ever Com
48 God Is Love Wallpaper On Wallpapersafari
Delight Phone Wallpaper And Mobile Background Trust God Wallpaper Phone Wallpaper
God 3d Wallpapers Posted By John Cunningham
Smartphone God Eater 3 Phone 1199807 Hd Wallpaper Backgrounds Download
12 Mobile Phone Wallpaper God Download Lord Shiva Hd Wallpaper For Mobile Hindu 2021
All God Images Hd 3d Download 576x768 Download Hd Wallpaper Wallpapertip
Wallpaper God Love Radha Android Mobile Phone Krishna 4 Shriradhakrishna In
Https Www Wallpapervortex Com Mobile Phone Wallpaper 62365 God Of War Html
54 Ideas Lock Screen Wallpaper God Phone Wallpapers Background Pictures For Phone Aesthetic Wallpapers Screen Wallpaper
God Of War Android Wallpapers Wallpaper Cave
20 God Of War Apple Iphone 7 Plus Wallpapers God Of War Wallpaper Phone 882467 Hd Wallpaper Backgrounds Download
Wallpapers God Of War Hd Live Kratos For Android Apk Download
Download Free Bible Verse Phone Wallpapers Now Gentle Christian Parenting
Hydros On Twitter Pur Super Saiyan God Goku V2 4k Pc Wallpaper 4k Phone Wallpaper Dblegends Dragonballlegends
I M A Child Of God Themed Free Multi Color Christian Christian Wallpaper Phone 1440x2960 Wallpaper Teahub Io
God S Love Christian Phone Wallpaper Bible Verses To Go
God Phone Wallpapers Top Free God Phone Backgrounds Wallpaperaccess
Iphone Wallpaper Quotes God
15 Scripture Phone Wallpapers Free Downloads Meditations By April
Kratos Phone Wallpaper God Of War Gaming
Anime The God Of High School 1440x2560 Wallpaper Id 870230 Mobile Abyss
God Is Good Wallpapers Wallpaper Cave
Free Bible Verse Phone Wallpapers Teach Them Diligently
Draw Near To God Wallpaper Phone Wallpaper And Mobile Background
Free Downloadable Phone Wallpaper Art Six Clever Sisters
105 Hd Phone Wallpapers God Wallpapers Happyshappy
Midnight Designs The Burning God Phone Wallpapers Read At Midnight
Hindu God Wallpapers For Mobile Phones God Images Hd Photos 85 Phone Wallpaper
Wallpaper God New Radha Android Mobile Phone Krishna Shriradhakrishna In
Free Download God Is Love Wallpaper Background Hd For Pc Mobile Phone Download 1440x900 For Your Desktop Mobile Tablet Explore 50 Free Wallpaper God Is Love I Love Jesus
Festive Christmas Wallpapers For Your Phone Compassion
Midnight Designs The Burning God Phone Wallpapers Read At Midnight
God Mobile Wallpapers 17 Wallpapers Adorable Wallpapers
God Kiana Phone Wallpaper Houkai3rd
Free Bible Verse Phone Wallpapers Aop Homeschooling
Child Of God Phone Wallpaper And Mobile Background
Lord Krishna Hd Wallpapers For Mobile Wallpaper Cave
Wallpapers Of God Of Wealth 1080p Page 1 Line 17qq Com
God S Promises Phone Wallpaper Bible Verses To Go
Commit To The Lord Mobile Wallpaper Shop Love God Bible Verse Wallpaper Mobile Wallpaper Verses Wallpaper
Phone Wallpaper God Phone Wallpaper
God Girl Graphic Hd Christian Wallpaper Cool Mobile Phone Wallpapers Mobile Wallpaper Photo Shared By Crin Fans Share Images
Wallpaper God New Radha Android Mobile Phone Krishna 4 Shriradhakrishna In
Free Bible Verse Phone Wallpapers Aop Homeschooling
November 2020 Free Phone And Desktop Wallpapers God S Best For Your Life
God Is Love Believers4ever Com
75 Free Christian Wallpapers For Your Phone
June 2020 Free Phone And Desktop Wallpapers God S Best For Your Life
Best 3 487 Hd God Images Hindu God Wallpapers For Mobile Phones
All I Need Is You Phone Bible Quotes Background Quote Backgrounds Christian Quotes
Video Game God Of War 2018 640x960 Wallpaper Id 631721 Mobile Abyss
Tumblr Christian Backgrounds Google Search Christian Backgrounds Bible Verse Wallpaper Verses Wallpaper
God Phone Wallpapers Top Free God Phone Backgrounds Wallpaperaccess
Phone Wallpaper How Cool Is It That The Same God That Cool Is It That The Same God 473x1024 Download Hd Wallpaper Wallpapertip
Lord Krishna Hd Phone Wallpaper 1080x1920 Ghantee
God Of War 2018 Phone Wallpapers Album On Imgur
Download Free Mobile Phone Wallpaper God Of War 1613 Mobilesmspk Net
God Mobile Wallpapers Group 36
75 Free Christian Wallpapers For Your Phone
God Iphone Wallpapers Top Free God Iphone Backgrounds Wallpaperaccess
Free Downloadable God Tv Mobile Wallpapers God Tv
Love Wallpaper God Images
Wallpapers Lifeteen Comlifeteen Com For Catholic Youth
Tower Of God Wallpapers Posted By Ethan Walker
Https Encrypted Tbn0 Gstatic Com Images Q Tbn And9gctmqlnsvjtyedjsy0g7jgyfn 4 9ensp Pt2ne5fhplqmpwqrt Usqp Cau
God Bless America Phone Wallpaper Future Female Leaders
Wallpaper God Love Radha Android Mobile Phone Krishna 1 Shriradhakrishna In
Bible Lock Screens Bible Quotes Wallpaper Wallpaper Bible Christian Wallpaper
Festive Christmas Wallpapers For Your Phone Compassion
God Phone Wallpapers Top Free God Phone Backgrounds Wallpaperaccess
Christian Quotes Archives Believers4ever Com
Minimalistic God Of War 2018 Phone Wallpaper Album On Imgur
Phone Wallpaper God Is Good 600x900 Download Hd Wallpaper Wallpapertip
75 Free Christian Wallpapers For Your PhonePublished September 7, 2021 By Sara Cockerham
Labor shortages are not new to the construction industry, but the pandemic has added fuel to an already urgent issue. With an aging workforce vulnerable to economic shocks, the construction industry has seen sharp rises and falls in the last 20 years, increasing safety and quality concerns. Since 2000, North Carolina has seen a decline in total construction employees, despite steady increases in average weekly wages (shown in the table below). The pandemic stalled employment growth and demand temporarily, but recently demand has been rising again, especially in new residential development and rehabilitation, with many North Carolina construction businesses looking to hire multiple new employees.
Labor availability has long been a key challenge in surveys of construction employers such as the National Association of Home Builders and Wells Fargo Housing Market Index. Many specialized trade workers, such as electricians, are aging. According to Tim Norman, Head of the N.C. State Board of Examiners for electricians, in 2019 over 70% of the 13,000 licensed electricians in the state were 51 or older and less than 1% were under the age of 30. Additionally, many construction companies point to a generational shift in how construction is perceived, as the last two decades have seen increasing focus on 4-year college degrees. With less young individuals entering the industry, the median age of construction workers across the United States has risen, prompting the creation of numerous workforce development initiatives at local, state, and federal levels aimed at bringing younger generations into the industry.
With the pandemic causing mass layoffs, there was some thought that labor shortages would be less of an issue following recovery. However, according to an analysis of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Job Opening and Labor Turnover Survey by Marcum, the current proportion of available construction jobs is still high compared to jobs available between 2008 and 2017. As of July 2021, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that there are 300,000 unfilled construction jobs nationwide. It is important to note that the construction industry is broad, including specialized trade workers, project managers, and construction laborers who often do the most physical tasks.
The persistence of labor shortages post-pandemic likely has varying causes. One possibility is that construction workers laid off during the pandemic retired or left the industry, mirroring the actions of many construction workers after the Great Recession. Others might have found themselves in the position to retire early. Some construction companies say the unemployment benefits provided by the federal government incentivize not returning to work, although research, most recently from the Federal Reserve of San Francisco, has shown that is only one small factor impacting the job-finding rate.
Other potential causes of a continued labor shortage post-pandemic relate to the factors long seen as issues in recruitment. This includes a perception of low wages for all construction workers, the cyclical nature of construction employment, the lack of employer healthcare available to many construction workers, and other image issues stopping unemployed workers from joining the construction industry. There is also a significant gender disparity in construction employment – according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in 2020 only about 11% of the construction industry’s employees were women, despite making up about 47% of the nation’s workforce.
According to Marcum’s analysis of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Job Opening and Labor Turnover Survey the average hourly wage nationally for construction workers in January 2021 was $32/hour, the highest it’s ever been. North Carolina is also seeing high construction worker wages, especially in areas like the Research Triangle and the Charlotte metropolitan area. According to our own interviews, this makes it more difficult for companies based in smaller counties to compete for potential employees in terms of wages. While raising wages remains a critical step towards recruiting new construction workers, other economic levers such as offering access to employer healthcare, paid vacation, and other benefits are also needed.
Other than these economic incentives, many industry advocates say that to truly bridge the gap in the labor markets, we must reframe the conversation around construction, especially with youth. This requires investment in recruitment and training initiatives at the company, community, and federal level. Prior to the pandemic, there was some concern that a lack of training, combined with its expense, could be exacerbating labor shortages. The pandemic disrupted the operations and funding of many construction training programs, and it will be an important part of recovery efforts to revisit and reaffirm government support for those programs where possible.
In general, government can play three key roles in addressing the construction labor shortage: advocate, facilitator, and funder. As an advocate, government can help dispel longstanding myths about what construction jobs entail and what wage and entrepreneurial opportunities exist for the varying occupations. In interviews with local North Carolina organizations, government was seen as a critical partner in helping to validate a new narrative around construction work.
As a facilitator, government can provide connections between existing initiatives and organize the wealth of resources available at the local, state, and federal level. In particular, government has the opportunity to facilitate conversations between organizations serving particular audiences such as women or veterans or workers who don’t speak English fluently, to other employers, workforce development boards, private companies, and even small business training centers.
As a funder, there are many creative efforts underway to educate, train, and retain potential construction workers. At this moment, the American Rescue Plan funding offers the best opportunity for catalyzing new and successful programming around this issue. Governor Cooper’s ARP budget as of May 2021 includes $150 million “to ensure the development of a 21st century workforce through access to 21st century technology” and specifically calls out funding apprenticeships for high demand fields like construction.
Apprenticeships are employer or industry-initiated ventures with their local community college and ApprenticeshipNC. At the time of writing, 25 registered building trades apprenticeships existed in North Carolina. To strengthen the foundations for a successful apprenticeship, government should continue to work closely with the NC community college system, as some may have capacity and desire to expand their building trades programs to meet increased demand, but they may not have the physical space or capital to fund that expansion. Additionally, feedback from construction employers on the ease of deciding to create a registered apprenticeship should be explored to continue to improve the process and add to the number of programs.
Increased investments by government could also include more scholarships for certification and training, especially for underrepresented or nontraditional construction workers. While it is important to focus on youth engagement, the potential career trajectories of incumbent workers also must be taken into account. Lastly, government support can be helpful in various forms for the variety of activities companies and nonprofits may choose to promote, such as design/construction contests for youth, clubs/workshops for tools learning, or youth construction academies in partnership with the YMCA.
Ultimately, addressing the labor shortage in construction, particularly with skilled trade workers, will take a coordinated effort to educate, recruit, and retain workers, requiring close interaction between companies, industry leaders, workforce development programs, schools, and government.
Many thanks to Zane Stokes, Farrah Pulliam, Jeff Parsons, and Devin Baucom for their time and conversations around this topic.
Marielle Saunders is a Master’s in City and Regional Planning candidate.JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Be the first to review this product
Product Code:102217760
Availability: In stock
Regular Price:
$9.99 /pc
Special Price:
$9.93 /pc
MSRP Price:
$26.00 /Pc Your Price: $9.93 /Pc
Use spaces to separate tags. Use single quotes (') for phrases.
Check items to add to the cart or select all
Antique Mirror Soft Harmony 9X10 Feathers Mosaic
Regular Price:
$9.32 /pc
Special Price:
$9.26 /pcBash>. To do this add the following lines to your ~/.inputrc file:
"\e[1;5A": history-search-backward
"\e[1;5B": history-search-forward
Note: To test it out you can use the bind command for your current shell:
bind "\e[1;5A": history-search-backward
If you want to use a different key combination then you can use the ‘read’ command to print it out, for example runnding the command read, then hitting control-<up>:
matt@wks1005847 ~ $ read
^[[1;5A
When we bind the key we replace the ‘^[‘ with a ‘\e’ as ‘^[‘ can match the <Escape> key.
3 comments ↓
Cool. Fedora does this out of the box with Pg-Up/Down 🙂
-c
What’s the difference between this and just the default C-s / C-r
history search?
Well the reverse look up allows you to do a reverse search, but if you match something you can’t go back to a further back match.
I know zsh allows this behavior with its reverse-lookup.
This allows you to continue matching the command/text you started writing, if that makes sense. Plus I think C-/ is useful as and are already history commands, so this is a good extension.
Further C-s on my machine suspends my terminal, so.. yeah.
@Chris: My Fedora machine doesn’t have this mapped, maybe I need to upgrade the 14 then check it out, thanks 🙂now on to the rest…had to put that circle above the red shape…somehow my creativity wakes up when I have a series that I am working on…she (oh, yes, indeed she is a SHE!!!) She will not even come to the table until the rational mind sits down..and then she comes in with such a flurry on craziness…just does what she wants and is flamboyant and free and offers no explanation as to why or what she does…when I can hear her speak I truly just do as she bids me to do….THAT is what these geometric shapes are REALLY about…because SHE SAID SOChai Delivery Near You
Chai delivery in Gisleham
Craving Chai takeaway? Discover Chai restaurants near you in Gisleham offering delivery or pick-up. Compare your options, browse their menus, then place your Chai order online with Uber Eats.
Starbucks (Belvedere Road DT)
Costa Coffee (Lowestoft, London Rd, DT)
The best Chai in Gisleham
Enjoy the best Chai delivery in Gisleham.
Gisleham Chai delivery and pick-up
With Uber Eats, you can enjoy the best Chai offers in Gisleham without having to leave your home. The restaurants available for Chai delivery or pick-up may vary depending on your delivery address in Gisleham, so please check which restaurants offer delivery to your home, work, a friend’s house, wherever you want to enjoy some delicious Chai takeaway! If you’d rather get your Chai order yourself, see if there are any Chai restaurants in Gisleham offering pick-up.Published: 03rd July 2019
How Yoga taught this young Yogini the art of letting go and embracing the future
Shivali worked under a designer for a year and was all set to pursue her Master's in Architecture abroad when she changed her mind and went back to Lonavla
Striking an asana | (Pic: Shivali Shukla)
Once one truly understands the essence of yoga, it gets very difficult to relate to the world and its materialistic ways. And this is what happened with Shivali Shukla. This Hyderabadi girl undertook her first ten-month course in yoga at Kaivalyadhama Yoga Institute and Research Center in Lonavla in 2010. "My father is a great believer when it comes to yoga and he encouraged me to take up the course," says the youngster. From there to today, yoga took her to Lonavla, Rishikesh, Mysuru and now, she is in Thailand, teaching the art form. "I am not sure what will happen next, I am just going with the flow. And even this, I learnt through yoga. I used to try and control things, but now, I've learnt to let go. And life has surprised me every time," she says with a smile.
On point: Shivali doing what she does best | (Pic: Shivali Shukla)
Like every good yoga instructor, Shivali too advocates the fact that yoga needs to go beyond asanas, though she also acknowledges that it is a difficult task to inculcate in students. "Most of the current generation thinks that yoga is boring and for old people. So to make it a disciplined lifestyle among them is a difficult task. What we could do is give them what they want first, which are asanas, and slowly start teaching them about the core aspects," offers the 26-year-old and explains, "They want to do Instagram-worthy asanas, so it's okay to start with focusing on physical fitness and then drive them to see the other benefits."
Shivali worked with CultFit briefly and taught yoga there. She has also freelanced and taken classes on her own
And what about goat yoga and puppy yoga, videos of which are going viral on social media? Shivali laughs and says, "I am not completely against or for it, but it's definitely a distraction. If you want more awareness and there is a puppy in the room, how will you focus on self? It just reduces the form to an interesting way of doing a physical workout," she opined. Shivali asserts, again and again, that yoga is about you and your mat. "Eventually, a sense of detachment develops which helps one cope with anxiety," says Shivali who has a Bachelor's in Design degree from Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University, Hyderabad.
Acing the game: Shivali doing yoga outdoors | (Pic: Shivali Shukla)
Shival says that you need to keep practicing it, even when on a few days, one might feel agitated or unfocused. Persistently sticking to the art form will help reveal its benefits. "Over time, you will learn to carry this motivation throughout the day," she says. Talking about the International Day of Yoga, she says that yoga is the need of the hour, especially in a world which is wrought with stress and anxiety. "It is important to spread awareness about yoga and let the world know the benefits of adopting it as a lifestyle," she says.
All in a day:
Some asanas as performed by Shivali
MALASANA: Also known as the Garland Pose, it helps stretch the back and legs | (Pic: Shivali Shukla)
PARIVRTTA PRASARITA PADOTTANASANA: This strengthens hamstrings, thighs and calf muscles
PARIVRTTA JANU SIRSASANA: This asana stimulates the liver, kidneys and other organs | (Pic: Shivali Shukla)
Tracing the yogini's journey
Yoga has taken Shivali to a lot of places. Let's see what she learnt from where:
- Lonavla
After pursuing a short course in 2010, she went back to the city to complete her PG Diploma in Yoga. "My batch had advanced practitioners and I would judge myself too much," she recalls.
- Rishikesh
So, she went away to Rishikesh for self-practice and fell in love with the place, says the 26-year-old. She taught and practiced here.
- Mysuru
Then yoga took her to Mysuru, to Ashtanga Yoga Mysore to be exact, where she taught Ashtanga Yoga. But felt like she needed to learn more. So she went to another centre in the city, Mysore Hatha Yoga Kendra and here came the turning point of her life. "My mindset changed and my practice got better. This began to reflect in my ways. I will never forget those four months," she says
For more on her, click on facebook.com/shivali.shukla.54
Nicki 7 Pc. Dinette
Item # 825246146
$1,429.93 −$357.48 Additional 25% Off $1,072.45 Final Price
Starting at $/month. Collection includes table and six side chairs. *Bench sold separate.When at targeted positions. However, throughout NFL history since unrestricted free agency was negotiated as part of the 1993 Collective Bargaining Agreement, there have been players available who did much more than fill a need, they changed their new team in a material way and became a core part of the organization.
Players such as Reggie White, Deion Sanders, Drew Brees, and Tom Brady were available for any team in the NFL to sign at the time they became unrestricted free agents, and each of these players went on to become critical pieces in leading their respective new teams to Super Bowl Championships.
For every White, Sanders, Brees, and Brady success story, there seems to have been more high-priced free agent failures.
What Goes Into Signing a Free Agent?
While there are many lessons learned from high-priced free agents gone wrong, each new year hope springs eternal in the NFL and teams offer top of the market contracts to players in the first hours and days of the new League year in their never-ending race to improve their teams. A great deal of time, energy, and thought goes into planning to sign a potential free agent.
Scouting departments and coaching staffs watch hours upon hours of film on their potential targets and then those departments meet to discuss how that player would be used on their team and how this player potentially upgrades his particular position group or the team overall. Additional factors are discussed beyond his skills shown on tape such as age, injury history, projected longevity playing at a high level, football intelligence, and how this player might fit in with the culture of the team.
Football intelligence or analytics departments are commissioned to create studies to perhaps look at this player from a production standpoint compared to others at his position in the League. Team security or the director of player programs will look into the players past to see if he had any off the field issues with the law.
Scouting reports written by college scouts when the player was originally drafted are reviewed to see if there were any red flags in this player’s background when he was coming out of college. The GM or head of football operations will cross reference players coming out in the next draft at the particular position of the free agent target to determine the availability of players with a similar skillset who would cost significantly less under their rookie contracts.
Finally, the GM and/or team negotiator/salary cap department create contract models projecting how signing a targeted player will impact the team’s salary cap and cash budgets for the next three to four years. They must take into account planning for current player contract extensions in the future, potential restricted and exclusive rights free agent tenders, and budgeting for potential injury replacements each year. The GM and head coach also need to discuss how signing a free agent player from outside the current team to a high-priced contract will impact the locker room.
With all of this preparation, there are still some high-priced free agents every year who succeed with their new teams, and some who fail. While I believe it is still too early to grade a signing as a failure halfway through their 1st year with a new team, I do believe that there are those signings who immediately create a positive instant impact on their new teams and make a difference in terms of winning and losing.
For purposes of my review, I’ve looked at the top 15 highest paid free agent contracts for 2021 (only for those players who switched teams this season). This group includes contracts that average between $18 million per year (Kenny Golladay), and $11.5 million per year (Curtis Samuel). These are all players who were signed at the start of the free agency signing period in March of 2021 (with the exception of JJ Watt, who was released several weeks prior).
Based on performances to date, I’ve put these players into three different categories: 1) Difference-Maker, 2) Not Yet, and 3) Injured.
Due to the size of these contracts, all of these players were signed to be instant difference makers for their teams, and at this point I believe 7 of the 15 have performed at that level. Some have not made the instant impact due to injury, or perhaps they are still adjusting to a new scheme, teammates, and coaches. Others are just on teams that don’t have enough talent around them yet.
DIFFERENCE MAKERS
1) Trey Hendrickson, DE, Cincinnati Bengals (4-year deal; $15 million APY; $19.8 million guarantee):
While Joe Burrow and Ja’Marr Chase have garnered the most attention in leading the Bengals turnaround this season, it is the dramatic improvement of their defense that has largely flown under the radar.
In 2020, the Bengals finished 4-11-1, ranking 23rd in the NFL in points allowed and 26th for yards against. After week 7 this season, the Bengals rank 6th best in the NFL in points allowed (20.2 points/game), and 17th best in yards against (361.2 yds/game) with a 5-3 overall record. Hendrickson has helped to lead the revamped defense with 46 quarterback pressures (ranked 3rd in the NFL) including 7.5 sacks. He and Sam Hubbard have formed a great duo as bookends combining to help the Bengals rank 4th in the NFL with 21 sacks through 8 games.
Hendrickson started his career in New Orleans with only 6.5 sacks over his 1st 3 seasons, before having a breakout campaign in 2020 with 13.5 sacks. The Bengals clearly believed that 2020 wasn’t a fluke, paid Hendrickson, and are now reaping the benefits. If he can keep up this pace, Hendrickson’s contract APY of $15 million (ranked 18th for edge defenders in the NFL) might even be viewed as a value signing with the highest paid pass rushers now earning over $25 million per year.
2) Matthew Judon, OLB, New England Patriots (4-year deal; $13.625 million APY; $32 million guarantee):
Judon is a classic overachieving successful pass rusher drafted by Baltimore who came into the league in 2016 as a 5th round pick and developed into a player worthy of the big deal he signed this off-season.
In 5 seasons with the Ravens, Judon accumulated 34.5 sacks with his highest yearly total of 9.5 coming in the 2019 regular season. So far in 2021, Judon has notched 8 sacks and is 7th in the League with 42 total pressures through the first 8 games. At 29 years old, he’s on his way to his best season in the NFL.
Judon has led the Patriots 5th ranked defense (in points allowed) to a 4-4 record including a big win this past weekend in Los Angeles over the Chargers contributing 1.5 sacks on the day. Halfway through the season, he has proven to be a worthwhile free agent signing as the 21st highest paid edge defender ranked by his $13.625 million average per year.
Next season (2022), Judon will be 30 years old and has his paragraph 5 salary of $11 million guaranteed for skill, injury, and cap. After the 1st 2 years of the deal, Judon will have earned $32 million (assuming he earns the $1 million worth of per game roster bonuses available each season). The last 2 years of his deal total $22.5 million, and if his production continues at the same pace he achieved over the 1st 8 games of 2021, it will be a contract that the Patriots will be happy to pay out.
3) Yannick Ngakoue, DE, Las Vegas Raiders (2-year deal; $13 million APY; $26 million guarantee):
Ngakoue totaled 37.5 sacks in his 1st 4 seasons in the NFL after Jacksonville drafted him in the 3rd round in 2016. The 37.5 sacks total ranked 12th in the NFL over the 2016-2019 regular seasons. After the Jaguars placed the franchise tag on Ngakoue at the start of 2020 after failing to reach a long-term contract extension, he was traded to the Minnesota Vikings, and later in the year to the Baltimore Ravens.
When Ngakoue became an unrestricted free agent at the start of 2021, the Raiders pounced and agreed on a 2-year deal. Through 7 games, Ngakoue and Maxx Crosby have formed a great duo as pass rushing bookends for the 5-2 Raiders. Ngakoue is ranked 16th in the NFL in total pressures, including 4 sacks. He has helped turn a defense that was 30th in the NFL in points allowed in 2020, to a team ranked 16th in 2021. At this point with only a 7-game sample size, Ngakoue is justifying his contract average value of $13 million (ranked 23rd by average per year for edge defenders).
The 2-year deal gives him a great carrot that will perhaps allow him to sign a longer-term deal in 2022 or when his current contract expires prior to the start of the 2023 season, at which point Ngakoue will still only be 28 years old.
4) Joe Thuney, OG, Kansas City Chiefs (5-year deal; $16 million APY; $46.189 million guarantee):
The Kansas City Chiefs identified their offensive line as an area that needed major upgrades after last season capped off by a Super Bowl defeat in which Patrick Mahomes was hit 8 times including 3 sacks.
Thuney was arguably the top available interior free agent offensive lineman on the 2021 free agent market. He had the talent (2019 AP All-Pro), the championship pedigree (winning 2 Super Bowls with the Patriots), and the durability (starting every game over 5 years of his career- 80 games) that all teams covet.
After 8 games in 2021 the Chiefs sit at 4-4, with an up and down first half of the season. The defense has absolutely struggled, ranking 29th in the NFL, while the offense still ranks near the top of the NFL in yards from scrimmage (4th overall). Thuney seems to have brought the stability and presence the Chiefs were looking for in their offensive line, having started all 8 games while ranking as the 2nd highest graded guard in terms of pass blocking in the NFL by Pro Football Focus and the 27th highest graded guard in terms of run blocking.
Despite Thuney’s strong pass blocking (2.6% pressure percentage allowed-ranking 5th in the NFL among guards), the Chiefs young offensive line as a unit has still allowed the 4th most QB pressures in the NFL (134 pressures). Even with two rookie starters on the line, the Chiefs rank 6th in the NFL in yards per rush. The line as a whole has had an uneven performance, but with a completely new group, it is understandable that they will only improve once they have more time together as a unit and the promising rookies- center (Creed Humphrey) and right guard (Trey Smith) gain more NFL experience.
5) Corey Linsley, OC, Los Angeles Chargers (5-year deal; $12.5 million APY; $26 million guarantee):
Linsley was a highly sought-after free agent in 2021, having completed 7 years as the starting center for the Green Bay Packers and being named AP All-Pro 1st team following the 2020 season. Linsley’s contract made him the NFL’s highest paid center upon signing, and it looked like a home run signing to pair the veteran center with the Chargers’ budding 2nd year superstar quarterback, Justin Herbert.
First year head coach Brandon Staley said, “When you sign who we feel like is the best center in football in Corey Linsley — a commander — and who’s a guy that has all of the leadership intangibles that that position acquires, then you have him and [QB] Justin Herbert running the show in the middle of your offense, we feel like that’s going to be a winning edge for us.”
Linsley’s leadership was recognized instantly as he was voted a team captain and the Chargers started the year off hot. They were 4-1 after 5 games, including 3 straight wins over the Chiefs, Raiders, and Browns before dropping the past two games. Pro Football Focus has Linsley as their 4th graded center in the NFL at this point and the Chargers offensive line as a whole ranks 5th overall in terms of their pressures allowed per drop back. Overall, through 7 games, this has certainly proven to be an impact signing for the Chargers that should pay off for years to come.
6) Jonnu Smith, TE, New England Patriots (4-year deal; $12.5 million APY; $31.25 million guarantee)
7) Hunter Henry, TE, New England Patriots (3-year deal; $12.5 million APY; $25 million guarantee):
These players are linked together because the Patriots signed both of these players, arguably the top two tight ends available on the 2021 free agent market, to contracts paying them both $12.5 million on an average per year basis.
At the time, both of these contracts were behind only the most recent contracts signed by George Kittle and Travis Kelce as the highest paid tight ends in the NFL. While paying two tight ends in the top 5 of the league may not be ideal from a roster management standpoint, over the next four years the Patriots will be benefiting from their quarterback playing on a scaled rookie deal, and they have been the lowest spending team in the NFL for the previous five seasons combined, so they should have no problem fitting in these contracts.
Clearly the Patriots favor a two tight-end personnel group, or at least thought this was a unique opportunity to acquire two players at the same time who have both the skill sets as productive blockers and receivers to create favorable matchups for the Patriots offense.
Back in 2011, the Patriots got more production out of their two tight-ends than any team in NFL history on their way to another Super Bowl appearance (a loss to the New York Giants). That season, Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez combined for 169 receptions, 2237 yards receiving, and 24 touchdowns.
After 8 games, the Patriots are 4-4 and are seeing steady performance from their rookie quarterback, Mac Jones. Certainly, the presence of these two veteran tight ends has helped to ease his transition to the NFL. Jones has been more consistent and productive than any of the other 3 QBs drafted in front of him in the first round this season.
For example, Jones has a 68.1% completion percentage, 1997 passing yards, and 9 TDs vs 6 interceptions with an ESPN QBR rating of 52.9. One can compare that directly to the 1st pick of the draft, Trevor Lawrence, who has completed 59.6% of his passes for 1703 yards, 8 TDs and 9 interceptions with an ESPN QBR rating of 34.7.
Individually, Henry has amassed 25 receptions, 297 yards receiving, and 4 TDs while Smith has 20 receptions, 189 yards receiving, and 1 TD. Henry has participated in 71% of the Patriots offensive snaps, while Smith has participated in 54% of the offensive snaps. Henry ranks 13th in the NFL among tight ends for receptions (63.5% of his receptions are when lined up in the slot), and Smith ranks 20th in the NFL among tight ends for receptions (37.3% of his receptions are when lined up in the slot). Overall, these players are making a difference on the Patriots offense (ranked 10th in scoring).
NOT YET
1) William Jackson III, CB, Washington Football Team (3-year deal; $13.5 million APY; $21 million guarantee):
When Ronald Darby (a 2020 unrestricted free agent signing of Washington) agreed to terms with the Denver Broncos on a 3-year deal as an unrestricted free agent with an APY of $10 million, the Washington Football Team set their sights on Jackson, viewed as an upgrade over Darby.
Thus far, Jackson has failed to deliver on the expectations of a cornerback paid in the top 10 of his position in the league. To be fair, Jackson has been dealing with a knee injury that has kept him out the past two weeks, and the entire defense has failed to live up to expectations, ranking 27th in the League after 8 weeks in total yards against, and 30th in the NFL against the pass.
It has been a significant decline for a relatively healthy defense who ranked 2nd best in the NFL against the pass and in overall yards given up in 2020. In fact, Washington is last in the NFL in 3rd down defense, with teams converting 56.5% of the time. Pro Football Focus grades Jackson as the 42nd ranked cornerback in terms of his coverage grade (with at least 250 defensive snaps and 25 targets) in the NFL.
For 2022, Jackson has a $5 million roster bonus that is fully guaranteed and a $5 million paragraph 5 salary that is guaranteed for injury currently, and converts to a full guarantee (skill, injury, and cap) if he is on the team’s roster on the 5th day of the 2022 League Year.
2) Shaquill Griffin, CB, Jacksonville Jaguars (3-year deal; $13.33 million APY; $29 million guarantee):
Shaq Griffin was the highest paid member of the Jaguars 2021 free agent haul that included defensive additions safety Rayshawn Jenkins and defensive lineman Roy Robinson-Harris. After 7 games, the Jags sit with a record of 1-6 and are the 26th ranked defense in the NFL.
Last season, the Jags ranked 31st in the NFL in defense. Griffin’s Pro Football Focus grade in coverage is 15th in the NFL among cornerbacks (with at least 250 defensive snaps and 25 targets). Griffin has played every snap for the team through 7 games. He was voted a captain and the Jags are hoping his leadership and experience gained in the Seahawks franchise can help to elevate this team out of the basement in the AFC South.
If the Jags start to find their stride in the second half of the season, Griffin could be someone who absolutely can help that team get on a winning track and become a difference maker in a Jags turnaround. With next year’s paragraph 5 salary of $11.5 million fully guaranteed, the Jags are most likely locked in with Griffin through at least next season.
3) Adoree’ Jackson, CB, New York Giants (3-year deal; $13 million APY; $24.5 million guarantee):
A 2017 1st round pick of the Tennessee Titans, Adoree’ Jackson was released in March, 2021 when the Titans decided to sign the cheaper Janoris Jenkins instead of paying Jackson the 5th year option of more than $10 million. Over the past two seasons, Jackson missed a combined 18 games with the Titans.
So far in 2021 for the Giants, he’s played in all 8 games and Pro Football Focus grades ranks him 12th in the NFL among CBs. Jackson is paired with last seasons’ free agent signing of James Bradberry (who was paid a 3-year contract with a $14.5 million APY) to bolster a defense that ended up ranked 12th in the NFL in yards allowed and 11th in points allowed. To date, in 2021, the Giants rank 23rd in the NFL in yards allowed, and 24th in the NFL in points allowed. The team is 2-6 through their first 8 games. Jackson has been healthy and has played 97% of the Giants defensive snaps to this point.
If the Giants can muster a 2nd half turn around as they did last season, Jackson will likely be one of the defenders leading the way. In terms of his future contract, it is structured similar to Shaq Griffin’s deal, with $9.5 million in 2022 fully guaranteed.
4) Corey Davis, WR, New York Jets (3-year deal; $12.5 million APY; $27 million guarantee):
Corey Davis came into the league in 2017 as the 5th overall pick of the Tennessee Titans out of Western Michigan. After an up and down first 3 seasons, the Titans decided not to pick up Davis’ 5th year option. In his final season with the Titans, Davis caught 65 passes for 984 yards and 5 TDs.
The Jets pounced at the start of free agency this past offseason and envisioned that he would be the top target for their young QB. Through their first 6 games, the Jets struggled on offense averaging 13.3 points per game and 272 yards per game, placing them at the bottom of the NFL in both categories. In those games, Davis was leading the Jets in receptions (24), receiving yards (349), and receiving TDs (4).
This past week, the Jets’ offensive explosion led by QB Mike White did not include Davis, who was inactive due to a hip injury. Even with a 34-point output and 511-yard offensive showing against the Bengals, the Jets currently rank 30th in the NFL in points scored per game, and 28th in yards per game.
While Davis has been one of the bright spots for the offense amidst their overall struggles, his full impact won’t fully take shape until the youth surrounding him on offense including the rookie quarterback show improvement as they gain NFL experience. Davis was described this week by head coach Robert Saleh as “obviously a stud,” and has shown enough at this point that he can be a key contributor and their top receiving threat moving forward.
With Davis being a part of only 1 win so far, it’s hard to put him in the difference-maker category just yet for the Jets, but he has all of the ability to consistently produce like he did last year in Tennessee for his new team.
INJURED
1) Kenny Golladay, WR, New York Giants (4-year deal; $18 million APY; $40 million guarantee):
Golladay was signed to a big-time contract, making him tied for the 8th highest paid wide receiver in the NFL by average per year and the highest paid wide receiver in free agency by a long shot. The Giants made this move with Golladay coming off a season in which he played in only 5 games for the Detroit Lions.
Through 8 games in 2021, Golladay has 17 receptions for 282 yards and 0 touchdowns. He has missed the past 3 games with a knee injury. By signing Golladay, the Giants were looking to add another weapon for their offense with Saquan Barkley coming back from an ACL to help quarterback Daniel Jones take the offense to another level. Golladay produced back-to-back 1000 yard receiving seasons for Detroit and if healthy, could be an ideal complement to Sterling Shepard.
At this point, the Giants rank 24th in the NFL in scoring and 20th in the NFL in net yards per game. Golladay’s injuries have kept him from having the instant impact the team was looking for when he was signed.
Moving forward, $10 million of Golladay’s 2022 $13 million paragraph 5 salary is guaranteed for skill, injury, and cap, and the other $3 million (currently guaranteed for injury only) becomes guaranteed for skill and cap on the 3rd day of the 2022 League Year. In addition, Golladay has a $4.5 million roster bonus on the 3rd day of the 2022 NFL League Year (currently guaranteed for injury) that becomes guaranteed for skill and injury on the 1st day of the NFL League Year. Finally, a $4.5 million 2023 roster bonus (currently guaranteed for injury), becomes guaranteed for skill and cap on the 3rd day of the 2022 NFL League Year.
So, if the Giants do not improve on their 2-6 start to the season, and if Golladay does not become the difference maker the Giants expected him to be, a one year and done deal is possible though unlikely.
If Golladay were released prior to the start of the 2022 League Year, the Giants would be on the hook for $10 million of his 2022 paragraph 5 salary (subject to offset by what another team would pay him), and take on $13.6 million in dead money from signing bonus acceleration (for a salary cap impact of $23.6 million for a player no longer on the roster).
While releasing Golladay prior to the start of the 2022 League Year would be burdensome from a cap standpoint, the Giants would still be relieved of an additional $12 million that becomes fully guaranteed at the start of 2022.
If instead the Giants found a trade partner, they would be charged the $13.6 million in signing bonus acceleration on their cap, but would not be responsible for his $13 million paragraph 5 salary, or the $9 million worth of roster bonuses that become fully guaranteed at the start of the 2022 League Year. If a trade was consummated prior to the 3rd day of the 2022 League Year, the Giants cap charge for Golladay would be $13.6 million, instead of $21.15 million (a cap savings of $7.55 million in 2022).
2) Carl Lawson, DE, New York Jets (3-year deal; $15 million APY; $30 million guarantee):
Lawson played the first four seasons of his career in Cincinnati with the Bengals, Lawson totaled 20 sacks. The Bengals could have kept Lawson by applying the Franchise tag at just over $16 million, but instead let him hit the market.
Lawson instead agreed to terms on day 1 of free agency this past March with the New York Jets and the Bengals quickly signed Trey Hendrickson. Unfortunately, Lawson won’t be able to play for the Jets in 2021, as he tore his Achilles tendon in training camp and is on the Reserve/Injured list for the season.
We won’t be able to determine if this was a successful signing until next season. Since Lawson’s salary of $15 million for 2022 is fully guaranteed, the Jets are tied to the injured pass rusher through at least next season, unless the team decides to eat $15.66 million in dead money assuming another team would not be willing to take on the salary amount in a trade coming off an Achilles injury.
3) JJ Watt, DE, Arizona Cardinals (2-year deal; $14 million APY; $23 million guarantee):
At 32 years old and with his former team, the Houston Texans, in transition with new leadership, Houston agreed to release Watt prior to the start of the unrestricted free agent signing period rather than keep him on the team and pay him his $17.5 million salary.
Watt seemed to attract attention from multiple teams and he decided to sign with Arizona on a 2-year deal. Signing Watt was going to be a calculated risk for any team to take given his age and injury history (he missed 32 games in the previous 5 seasons). However, Watt’s leadership and character are off the charts and the Cardinals were willing to take the risk despite the injury risk and his decreased sack production in 2020 (5 sacks) while playing in all 16 games.
This signing seemed to be well worth it for Arizona, as they started out 7-0 on the season. In the 7th game, Watt injured his shoulder, and is now lost for the season. During those 7 games, Watt had 30 pressures (tied for 16th in the NFL) including just 1 sack, but his leadership appeared to be making a difference. Perhaps not coincidentally, in Week 8, without Watt, the Cardinals lost their first game of the season.
For next season, Watt has $5.5 million of his $13.5 million 2022 salary fully guaranteed ($3.25 million paragraph 5 salary guaranteed plus $2.25 million 5th day of the League Year roster bonus guaranteed for skill and cap). An additional $3 million is guaranteed for injury and becomes fully guaranteed on the 5th day of the 2022 League year.
It appears that Watt should be able to pass a physical by mid-March 2022, on the 5th day of the 2022 League Year, but if he is not fully recovered by that point, the Cardinals cannot avoid the additional $3 million guarantee by releasing him prior to the 5th day of the League Year.
If Watt is healthy and the Cardinals decide they want to release him prior to the 5th day of the League Year, they will owe him $5.5 million in guaranteed salary, and $7.2 million of prorated signing bonus from 2023-2025 voidable years will accelerate into 2022. In this scenario, the Cardinals will count $15.1 million of dead money on their 2022 season salary cap ($2.4 million signing bonus proration for each of 2022-2025 seasons plus $5.5 million guaranteed salary).
4) Curtis Samuel, WR, Washington Football Team (3-year deal; $11.5 million APY; $23 million guarantee):
Samuel was coming off a career year in 2020 with Carolina, contributing 77 receptions for 851 yards along with 41 carries for 200 yards on the ground, all career-highs under the Joe Brady-led offense.
Samuel clearly signed with a team where he felt comfortable, having been drafted to Carolina by Coach Rivera and Marty Hurney now both in Washington. In addition, Samuel was reuniting with his former head athletic trainer, position coach, and numerous other coaches he worked with in Carolina including Scott Turner, not to mention that his friend and former Ohio State teammate Terry McLaurin was already there.
After 8 games, Washington sits at 2-6 going into the bye week with Tampa Bay on-deck and Samuel has spent the season dealing with a lingering hamstring injury. He’s only appeared in 2 games managing 4 receptions for 19 yards.
Hopefully for Washington, Samuel can make the impact the team envisioned when they signed him and add some juice to an offense in the second half of the season to improve on their performance currently ranking 24th in points scored, and 18th in yards gained. Samuel could help take some heat off of the spectacular Terry McLaurin, who leads Washington with 43 receptions, 573 yards, and 4 TDs. The other 5 wide receivers who have played for Washington thus far besides Samuel and McLaurin have combined for 44 receptions, 538 yards, and 1 TD.
In terms of his contract, Samuel will earn at least $13.05 million in 2021 and in 2022, his entire paragraph 5 salary of $8.5 million is fully guaranteed, and a $1.5 million roster bonus due on the 3rd day of the 2022 League year is guaranteed for injury only. The team is pretty locked in for next year with this contract.
In the unlikely event that the team traded him at the start of the 2022 League year, Washington would be relieved of $10 million in paragraph 5 salary and the 3rd day of the League year roster bonus. However, $7.2 million of signing bonus proration would accelerate from the 2023-2025 contract years (last 2 years are voidable) into the 2022 League Year, leaving the team with a dead money charge of $9.6 million in 2022.Winkie Scott
Winkie, you were God’s gift to me wrapped up in fur with a beating heart. You were my first pet, my first dog, my first experience with total unconditional love. I had almost given up on finding a you, because I didn’t think I had the time and had zero experience, and then someone suggested that I get an older dog. I went back online, I saw your picture and your bio. I knew you were the girl for me. I was excited, Amie was excited. We went shopping for you right away. I fell in love as soon as I took you from your foster mom’s arms, and you were immediately comfortable in my mine. Amie and I loved you so much. I enjoyed walking you, even though neither one of us enjoyed the snow. I came home every day for lunch to walk you. I knew crating you would not work for us. We walked together, we watched TV together, we just enjoyed each other. You loved riding in the car, and looking out the window. You were always the talk of the town. You allowed me to dress you up in cute dresses and sweaters. I tried leg warmers and a hat too, but you were not having that.
When you would see me get my purse or coat you would beat me to the door. One time me and Amie were going to Sam’s and I said that I wasn’t taking you. Guess what? You went!! Me and Amie used to laugh so hard when we would see you looking back and forth at us, as if you were saying, “okay, mom got her coat and Amie has her coat too”, and you would happily make your way to the door before we did. You came into our lives in September 2017 and I had to let you go on March 30, 2018. God only allowed us to spend six months together. I couldn’t believe that you were in a rescue that someone would give you away, you lost one of your eyes, you have been through so much. When the doctor told me you had cancer, I was so sad, and so mad. Why would God allow you to go thru cancer, when you had already been thru so much?
I had to make the decision to free you. It broke my heart. And when the doctor said to me, “she’s gone”, I couldn’t believe the sounds that was coming from my heart. I cried, I sobbed, I held you, I hugged you, and kissed your sweet fur. God knew exactly what he was doing. Although my heart is sad, I rejoice in our finding and loving each other. Amie changed your name from Samantha to Winkie because you only had one eye. She said you were always winking at us. You gave me the opportunity to experience unconditional love, and I thank God for that. I miss you so much, I slept with one of your many blankets last night. I know for sure that “ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN”!
Your Loving Pet Mom,
GeorgetteA WIDOW has been left heartbroken after thieves stole a charity collection - intended for disabled children - started by her late husband five years ago.
Lynn Branchflower says she was shocked and upset to learn that 'Branch's Bottle' - containing around £200 cash - had been stolen from the bar at Cadishead Labour Club last weekend.
The two-foot high whisky bottle which visitors filled with coins and notes towards the appeal, has been a fixture on the bar at the Fir Street club for over five years, raising about £200 a year for The Grange respite centre in Eccles.
The annual collection was one of several fundraising activities started by Dave Branchflower, whose 18-year-old learning-disabled daughter Kerry goes to The Grange for respite care. He was a regular at the club for over 20 years and Lynn is still a member.
Mr Branchflower died of cancer, aged 49, in February but Lynn and club regulars kept the appeal going.
Money raised in previous years has gone towards televisions and radios for the centre and has recently helped with The Grange's ongoing bid to raise £50,000 for a soft play area for younger visitors.
The bottle was nearly full and ready to be counted ahead of a forthcoming fundraising bash at the club when it was stolen.
Mrs Branchflower, of Fir Street, heard the news that the bottle had been stolen when she returned from celebrating her birthday over the weekend.
She said: "It's terrible, I'm very upset. All the members are really upset and shocked over it. It's callous, that sort of thing. It's been running for such a long time, so for someone to take it has been really upsetting."
Lynn added that she thought someone must know what has happened to the money and hoped it could be recovered.
The club is being temporarily run by committee member Dave Roufe and his wife Tracy. They were away last weekend and the theft was discovered by a barmaid opening up on Sunday lunchtime (September 21).
The club had been packed with a 21st birthday party the night before but no-one knows exactly when Branch's Bottle was taken. Tracy said: "Usually our first customers, if they have any change, put it in the bottle - that's when they noticed it was missing.
"I feel terrible. My husband was Lynn's husband's best friend. Everybody contributed to the bottle and we have a lot of charity dos for their daughter. Everybody in the club is very upset and angry."
Chris Clifford, a senior social worker at The Grange, said the Branchflowers have been heavily involved in fundraising for a long time, providing much-needed support and praised their efforts.
He added he was horrified to learn about the theft.Many residents of Philadelphia may have heard of the troubles plaguing our nation’s Social Security Disability insurance (SSDI) program. In fact, the program is facing a shortfall of almost 20 percent before the end of the next year. Adding to the programs woes is a new report issued by the Social Security Administration’s (SSA) Office of the Inspector General that states that many recipients of disability benefits may have been overpaid.
According to the report, 44.5 percent of Social Security Disability benefit recipients were paid more than they should have been at some time beginning in 2004 and ending 10 years later in 2014. The report claims that this amounts to a yearly overpayment rate of 3.1 percent, compared to that in October 2013. When added up over the decade the report focused on, it seems that $38 billion may have been erroneously paid out.
The report identifies a number of reasons why this may be so. Predominantly, these extra payments may have been going to individuals who were able to work or who had some other source of income. Moreover, in some cases, benefits continued to be paid even after the recipient passed away.
The report also found that it would take the SSA approximately eight months to determine whether a person was being overpaid. Even so, over $2 billion in overpayments were never rectified, due to the fact that the costs to the agency to recover the funds would outstrip the amount of money that was paid out.
Some feel that as congress works out a solution to fix the nation’s Social Security Disability program, they should also make a point to hold the SSA accountable for the amounts they have overpaid recipients. According to some, these types of errors could be prevented if the SSA utilized technology to identify overpayments, rather than relying, as they currently do, on self-reporting by recipients.
While this report may not be received as good news, it is still important to remember that many qualified individuals are rightly and properly being paid the SSDI benefits they need. Those who have questions about self-reporting or about the amount of benefits they are receiving may want to seek the help of a professional.
Source: The Daily Signal, “Report: Nearly Half of Social Security Disability Beneficiaries Were Overpaid By Government,” Romina Boccia, June 22, 2015Registration for Fall 2021 is NOW OPEN. Click here to enroll your child now.
If you have issues registering, email asas.admin@cityoforlando.net
In This Section
Orlando After-School All-Stars provides comprehensive youth development programs that keep children safe and help them achieve in school and life.
The Inner City Games Foundation was founded by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in 1992. The Los Angeles based initiative provided after-school sports programs and events to at-risk youth. In 2002, the organization changed its name to After-School All-Stars and has grown to serve over 90,000 children nationwide.
As a leading national organization that provides year-round, school-based, comprehensive out-of-school programs to disadvantaged youth, ASAS offers activities that equip kids with the skills and experiences needed to become productive members in their community and of the 21st century workforce.
In 1995, Mayor Glenda Hood, brought the Inner City Games Foundation to the City of Orlando. Under the leadership of the late Commissioner Betty T. Wyman, the City of Orlando expanded the program’s focus to include daily after-school and summer programs. The organization officially changed its name in 2003 to Orlando After-School All-Stars.
The organization utilizes an innovative and diversified year round curriculum to engage youth so that they may develop the life-skills, maturity and confidence necessary to become responsible and productive citizens at home, school and in their community
Through generous support from the City of Orlando, Mayor Buddy Dyer and the City Council, Orlando ASAS continues to be the community leader in providing safe, free and comprehensive after-school and summer programming for Orlando’s middle school age youth.UCSF Chemical Industry Documents Archive Goes Live
The UCSF Truth Tobacco Industry Documents Archive is well-known an widely used by tobacco control researchers and advocates, as well as people interested in a wide range of other topics, such as global warming deniers (many of who have histories of working for Big Tobacco).
Few people realize that the tobacco documents are now part of the larger multi-industry UCSF Industry Documents Library that has included documents from Pharma for several years.
Now we have added a third collection of documents, the new Chemical Industry Documents Archive that has been launched!
Most important, you can search all three collections at the same time, which will help researchers, journalists, advocates and others discover important cross-industry connections.
Finally, don’t forget to head over to Chemical Industry Documents Archive’s Recommended Links, where you’ll find a handful of topically-related sites and projects, including the new Toxic Docs website from Columbia University and the City University of New York.
Add new commentWelcome in the Coontastic males world, all our males have a own personal page where they shine their love and story. When you go to the menu and look under males you can click on the name of the boy so that you can read a personal story. On every personal page you can click on the name of the boy behind Pedigree so that you can take a look in their family lines.Property Attributes
- MLS#1566078
- TypeLand
- CountyBEXAR
- CitySt Hedwig
- Area2001
- Zip78152
- StyleLand
- Taxes$ 359
- Price$ 399,500
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Lot Size14.81 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Kent Uphoff at RE/MAX Corridor
Data Source:
San Antonio (SABOR) - 136 - TX
Property Description
14.81 acre Farm and Ranch. Frontage is of FM 1518. Currently being used for agricultural use. Currently has cows grazing on it. Has tanks and one is stocked for fishing and cows. Land is cleared which is gently sloped and has a small wooded area. Owner will repair/Replace fence as required. 3 sides of fence are in good shape. Has cross fence. Country living close to the city. Just a few miles from Loop 1604 and 5 miles from IH-10.
General Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolConnect with and learn from others in the QuickBooks Community.
Hi fellow Quickbooks users.
My question is how could I split the invoice into 2 payment period (1st half and 2nd half)?
My Excel invoice usually in this type:
A1 Fee due to ABC company (which is % of Total value transaction that we get)
A2 Gross Receipts Tax (Tax for the "Fee due to ABC")
A3 Total Commission Due (= A1+A2)
A4 First Half Commission Due ( = A3/2 )
After I get the first half payment, I will add another cell called Payment Balance Due (which is =A3/2 as well).
I would like to know if there is a way to do this in Quickbooks without creating 2 separate invoices.
Thanks.
(Title has been edited by moderator for clarity)
Solved!
Go to Solution.
In QBO, no there is not, two invoices will be needed
In QB desktop, in preferences turn on progress invoiceing, and do a partial invoice from an estimate
View solution in original post
Hi
You could also read about Delayed Credit. The following is the link -
Along with this article may also prove usefull -What could be better than a cool glass of local cider on a warm August day, meeting old friends and making some new ones, and helping support our work?
Northyards Cider Company has offered a fundraising opportunity for nonprofits in Squamish and Squamish Environment Society (SES) has arranged to participate. Northyards will donate $1 for each pint and $2 for each growler sold.
When? Tuesday, August 13, 2019. Noon to 10:00 pm. SES Board and program coordinators will be on hand from 5:30 pm onwards.
Where? Northyards Cider Company, #9 – 38936 Queens Way, Squamish
Please come if you can and bring a friend.Urine Vape Test
High cholesterol is the most usual reason for heart disease. The avoidance of cardiovascular disease is necessary to reducing the danger of cardiovascular disease as well as strokes. The therapies for high cholesterol involve medicines and healthy and balanced way of life renovations. The healthy and balanced way of living renovations contain a balanced diet plan, normal physical activity, and weight control. Urine Vape Test
Diet is the cornerstone of cholesterol control. There are a number of essential foods to take into consideration. Vegetables and fruits are abundant in nutrients and also fiber. Lean meats, chicken, fish, egg whites, as well as dairy items are all terrific selections. In addition, vegetables and fruits have almost two-thirds of their calories, so a healthy diet regimen can aid maintain triglycerides in check. Urine Vape Test
Urine Vape Test
Diet plans that are reduced in hydrogenated fat and also cholesterol, high in fiber, and low in salt are the most effective options for a healthy diet regimen. Minimizing cholesterol via diet regimen alone can reduce the threat of heart diseases such as coronary artery condition (CAD) and also stroke. People with hypertension should also make an initiative to maintain their blood pressure reduced. Blood stress raises the risk of establishing cholesterol-related problems, so it ought to be controlled. Urine Vape Test
Smoking cigarettes or using various other tobacco items has been displayed in various research studies to increase LDL cholesterol degrees as well as lower HDL cholesterol degrees. This is why stopping cigarette smoking is so crucial. Various other contributors to cholesterol consist of excessive weight, physical lack of exercise, alcohol consumption, and also the visibility of various other danger elements, such as diabetes, heart disease, as well as cancer cells. Additionally, some medications, including anabolic steroids, have actually been revealed to trigger cholesterol. Every one of these contributors to cholesterol are avoidable.
It is not always simple to judge nutrition tags. Nutrition labels need to detail the quantity of saturated fat, cholesterol, as well as fiber in the item. Many foods that taste terrific might in fact have high amounts of hydrogenated fat and also cholesterol, even if they classify their food as “fat complimentary”. This is because of the truth that lots of trans fats, frequently made use of as a preservative in lots of foods, increase cholesterol degrees in the body. Fiber is not only great for you, however it decreases the absorption of fat. A diet regimen high in fiber can considerably minimize the risk of creating heart disease.
Omega 3 fatty acids are plentiful in fish, nuts, as well as seeds. Taking fish oils, consisting of oily fish such as tuna, salmon, and also just how, can aid reduced LDL cholesterol. They can likewise aid reduced hypertension and might help to avoid type 2 diabetes as well as cancer cells. Other nuts, seeds, and oils that can aid reduced cholesterol are walnuts, canola, sunflower seeds, as well as flax seed oil.
If you smoke, lowering your cigarette usage is a crucial step towards reducing your high blood pressure and also taking control of your cholesterol levels. Cigarette smoking is one of the main danger variables for cardiovascular disease. Also, if you incorporate cigarette usage with reduced physical activity, you are establishing on your own up for future health concerns. Exercise reduces your blood pressure as well as regular exercise is an important part of a healthy and balanced way of living. Even a percentage of normal physical activity can make a big difference in your general wellness.
Consuming a lot more fruits, vegetables, entire grains, beans, fish, fowl, and lean meats will maintain your heart healthy and balanced as well as lower cholesterol while boosting your general health. Reduced cholesterol is a necessary part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. By making simply a few lifestyle adjustments, you can reduce your cholesterol as well as decrease your risk for cardiac condition and other heart problems. If you are concerned concerning your cholesterol, consult your doctor today as well as make some straightforward adjustments in your everyday diet regimen that will have a favorable effect on your heart as well as your overall health and wellness.D Big' was in the pipeline.
As the months dragged by and successive ARN journalists pestered either Dicker or Johnson only to get the same answer, it would have been easy to discount the likelihood of 'Something Big' happening as a little bit of a marketing ploy. Except Dicker doesn't work that way.
He's as blunt as he is sharp. If Dicker says 'Something Big' is in the wind then surely enough it is.
Today that Something Big rumbled into town and the channel shook a little. Dicker snaffled up Express Data, a lovely buy for DD if ever there was one. Hello new distributor world.
Don't worry too much that Dicker Data is now a billion-dollar baby. That's just numbers. Nice numbers. Big fat nice numbers. But let's look at the clout Dicker now has and why every other distie in the channel will now be on the phone to its key vendor partners and resellers, shoring up relationships, checking everything is okay, seeing if there's a better deal to be had.
Dicker now numbers amongst its vendors Fujitsu, Samsung, Toshiba, HP, Microsoft, Cisco, the highly-aggressive-in-2014 Lenovo, SAP, Watchguard, Sony, Symantec, ASUS, Belkin, APC by Scheider - it's a list that packs a wallop.
It is no secret that Ingram Micro and Synnex form the axis-of-three major disties, although Distribution Central, Avnet, Westcon Group and the emerging WhiteGold Solutions all have a strong hold on various sectors of the distributor market.
But for sheer weight of potential clout and value, Ingram and Synnex remain the two heavyweights most capable of either trying to do something about the new, much bigger Dicker, or losing out to David's little monster.
Sometimes there is nothing more appealing than a company growing legs. It breeds confidence and perhaps the desire to shift allegiance and move to this shinier, new and improved, mob which potentially has a lot to offer.
So watch out for deals. And watch out for more acquisitions by all three.
But also watch out for any company that might feel that Dicker has suddenly got too big for his boots and thinks it might feel better off - or greater love - elsewhere, perhaps at a destination more boutique or specialist.
To be honest, anything could happen. Acquisitions this size shake up the market and bring with them a whole lot of cause and effect that will filter down the chain and change the shape of distribution in the Australian channel. How Dicker fits ED and rolls out his new breed DD will be a key component in how this all pans out. And as the deal doesn't finalise until April 1, for now it is a waiting game.
But for the next seven weeks there will be a veritable downpour of lunches, catch-ups, phone calls and emails across the channel. There is much to lose and everything to gain.Commerce, United States Department of
Commerce, United States Department of, federal executive department charged with promoting U.S. economic development and technological advancement. In Feb., 1903, the Congress established a Department of Commerce and Labor empowered to investigate and report upon the operations of corporations engaged in interstate commerce (with the exception of common carriers). The first secretary was G. B. Cortelyou. In 1913 the Department of Labor was established as a separate executive department, while the functions of the Department of Commerce were expanded; the chief officer of each department, the secretary, received cabinet rank. Among its tasks are taking of censuses, promotion of American business at home and abroad, establishing standard weights and measures, and issuing patents and registering trademarks. Agencies under control of the secretary of commerce include the Economics and Statistics Administration (comprising the Bureau of the Census and the Bureau of Economic Analysis), the Bureau of Export Administration, the Economic Development Administration, the International Trade Administration, the Minority Business Development Agency, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, the Patent and Trademark Office, and the Technology Administration (comprising the Office of Technology Policy, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the National Technical Information Service).
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia, 6th ed. Copyright © 2012, Columbia University Press. All rights reserved.
See more Encyclopedia articles on: U.S. GovernmentGlitter – Zoe Kratzmann – Italian
GSTGST
Please select at least one attribute from each of the options below to complete your purchase. Some colours and patterns may not be available in all sizes.
Bringing luxury to your everyday and street cool style , Glitter is on trend but still a timeless kick for your wardrobe
Add a little bit of sparkle to your outfits
Who would of thought a silver and tan mix could look so good with a hint of metallic
Glitter has a distressed outsole with a slight platform making a Chic aesthetic working with your denim or feminine dresses
A gorgeous soft Italian Leather you will not only love wearing but adding to your chic style
Despite all the ups and downs the North Sand Mountain football team has been through this season, the Bison arrive at Week 9 in control of their playoff destiny.
NSM travels to Falkville Friday night (7 p.m.) in the teams’ Class 2A Region 7 finale with the winner claiming the region’s fourth and final playoff spot.
“We’ve got a shot to get back to the playoffs and try to make some noise, but we’ve got to there first,” said NSM head coach Keith Kirby. “We’re glad to have the opportunity we’ve got. We want to get in and keep that (playoff appearance) steak alive.”
NSM (3-5, 2-3) has been to the playoffs in each of the past six seasons, the longest active postseason appearance streak among teams in the Sentinel’s coverage.
It is just the third all-time meeting between NSM and Falkville. The series is tied 1-1.
It’s the second straight season the teams’ have met with major playoff implications. NSM defeated a then undefeated Falkville 12-7 in Week 9 last season to claim the Class 2A Region 7 championship.
Falkville (4-4, 2-3) enters the rematch on a three-game losing streak. The Blue Devils lost 14-0 at Ider last week while playing without their two best offensive weapons, running back Jordan Greenfield and quarterback Caden Burnett.
Kirby called the duo “playmakers” and said NSM is preparing this week as if both Burnett and Greenfield will be in the Falkville lineup.
NSM, which is undefeated on the road this season, is coming off a dominant 39-6 win over Whitesburg Christian. Freshman quarterback Landon Keller posted career highs in passing yards (197) and passing touchdowns (four ) while five different Bison found the end zone as they raced in front 39-0 at halftime.
“Hopefully we can build off that (performance),” Kirby said. “The biggest thing is we’ve got to make sure that we do the basic football stuff right. Got to limit penalties, protect the ball, create turnovers. We’ve got to finish the game, something we’ve struggled with a bit during the season. It’s about us and doing what we’re supposed to do. Go play hard.27 Amazing properties of banana for body, skin and hair health
Hammock is one of the most popular and delicious fruits on earth. You probably agree that any food made with bananas tastes great. Bananas are available in different colors and sizes in different parts of the world. Bananas are rich in vitamins and minerals and therefore can increase the health of the body in various ways. Since bananas are very good for health, we decided to review 27 examples of banana properties for the body, skin and hair, as well as its nutritional value, in this article from BingMag. Stay tuned for the rest of this article.
Banana Nutritional Value
Bananas contain a variety of vitamins and minerals. Here are the nutritional value of bananas. 33 g 1% of the daily requirement of dietary fiber 2.60 g 7% of the daily requirement of folate 20 micrograms 5% of the daily requirement of niacin 0.665 mg 4% of the daily requirement of the body Pantothenic acid 0.334 mg 7% of Daily body requirement Pyridoxine 0.367 mg 28% of the daily requirement of riboflavon 0.073 mg 5% of the daily requirement of the body Thiamine 0.031 mg 2% of the daily requirement of vitamin A 64 international units 2% of the daily requirement of the body Vitamin C 7. mg 15% of the daily requirement of vitamin E 10.10 mg 1% of the daily requirement of vitamin K 0.5 microgram 1% of the daily requirement of sodium 1 mg 0% of the daily requirement of potassium 358 mg 8% of the daily requirement Body Calcium 5 mg 0.5% of the body's daily requirement Copper 0.078 ml One ounce 8% of the daily requirement of iron 0.26 mg 2% of the daily requirement of magnesium 27 mg 7% of the daily requirement of manganese 0.270 mg 13% of the daily requirement of phosphorus 22 mg 3% of the daily requirement of selenium 1. 0 micrograms 2% of the daily requirement of zinc 0.15 mg 1% of the daily requirement of carotene A 25 micrograms of carotene 26 micrograms of lutein-zeaxanthin 22 micrograms
One banana is approximately 110 calories, 30 grams of carbohydrates and 1 gram It has protein. Bananas are naturally low in fat, cholesterol and sodium. A banana also contains approximately 450 mg of potassium, 34 mg of magnesium and 3 g of dietary fiber. It is interesting to know that even banana peel has vitamins B6, B12, magnesium, potassium, protein and fiber. In addition to bananas, you can also eat its skin.
Why are bananas good for your health?
Bananas are rich in antioxidants and other nutrients. A banana has about 467 milligrams of potassium. Potassium is vital for controlling blood pressure levels. Controlling blood pressure helps protect the heart. Bananas also contain sodium and vitamin B6, which helps prevent coronary heart disease and anemia. The fiber in bananas is good for digestive health and helps with weight loss. Unripe green bananas contain a lot of resistant starch.
Resistant starch is a type of indigestible carbohydrate that acts as a fiber. This combination increases the health of the large intestine and lowers postprandial blood sugar levels. Bananas are also rich in magnesium, which may help prevent type 2 diabetes. Bananas contain a lot of tryptophan, which helps to improve mood and treat depression. Vitamin B6 helps you sleep well. Potassium in Bananas May Improve Men's Sexual Health . 1. Improves Heart Health
A study at Harvard University found that low levels of potassium in the body can lead to abnormal heart rhythms. Since bananas are rich in potassium, they can be useful in treating this complication. Of course, keep in mind that too much potassium can be harmful to the heart. The heart is a soft muscle that needs potassium to contract and expand. Low levels of potassium in the body, called hypokalemia, can lead to heart palpitations.
New research shows that eating one banana a day can increase the risk of heart attack by up to a third Reduce. Too low levels of potassium in the body can even cause the heart to stop beating. Bananas are one of the best fruits for heart health. According to the results of an academic study, potassium lowers blood pressure levels. However, you should not overdose on potassium supplements. Never take potassium supplements without consulting your doctor.
One study found that eating two bananas a day can lower blood pressure levels by up to 10 percent. According to the American Heart Association, potassium reduces the negative effects of sodium on the body. If you want to get more potassium, you need to exercise regularly and follow a healthy diet at the same time to keep your heart healthy. If you suffer from kidney disease, you should limit your potassium intake. Note that high potassium intake causes water retention in the body, which in turn increases blood pressure levels.
Potassium reduces the likelihood of water retention in the body and has a positive effect on blood pressure levels. In addition, it improves kidney function, which removes sodium from the body. The nutrients in bananas relax the walls of arteries.
Improves brain healthBananas are rich in vitamin B6, which improves cognitive function.
An academic study found that men with high levels of vitamin B6 performed better on memory tests. The magnesium in bananas promotes electrical activity between nerve cells in the brain.
The cells in the brain use glucose as fuel. Because the brain cannot store glucose, glucose must be given to the brain on a regular basis. Banana sugar is released into the bloodstream at a slower rate. The reason for this is the presence of fiber in bananas. The body uses this type of sugar faster than refined sugar. This helps provide glucose to the brain.
Potassium in the brain regulates the level of oxygen in brain cells. This delicious fruit is rich in magnesium, which prevents brain-related complications such as Parkinson's disease and epilepsy. The serotonin and melatonin in bananas help reduce stress. We mentioned above that bananas are rich in vitamin B6. Deficiency of this vitamin can lead to confusion and depression. Eating bananas regularly can improve brain power and nerve function.
Studies have shown that the potassium in bananas can help prevent stroke in older people. Postmenopausal women can reduce their risk of stroke by up to 12% by eating bananas. According to a study, low potassium levels increase the risk of stroke by 1.5 times. Although potassium has no effect on hemorrhagic stroke caused by bleeding in the brain, it does help fight ischemic stroke.
3. Improves bone health
Improving brain health is another property of bananas. According to the National Osteoporosis Association, the potassium in bananas is good for bone health. Bananas are also a good source of silicon, which helps increase bone health. The magnesium in bananas is another good ingredient for bones. Bananas are alkaline and therefore help maintain acid balance in the body.
This is important because when the body becomes acidic, the bones receive a signal to neutralize the acid and to secrete alkaline compounds. They begin to disintegrate. Potassium-rich foods prevent this and help bones maintain their structure.
In other words, potassium intake can prevent bone loss of calcium. Potassium intake has also been shown to improve bone density in older women. One study found that there was a link between long-term potassium intake and a reduced risk of osteoporosis. Another US study found that potassium intake prevents osteoporosis due to aging.
Helps treat diarrhea
Treating diarrhea by providing the body with lost electrolytes is another property of bananas. Bananas are rich in potassium and can provide the body with potassium lost through diarrhea. When you have diarrhea, eat a banana. Then pour some salt into a glass of water, stir it and drink. This helps supply the body with lost sodium and chloride. You can follow the BRAT diet to treat diarrhea. You should eat bananas, rice, apple sauce and toast in this diet.
This diet is especially useful for babies and children with upset stomach. This diet reduces the amount of feces produced by the body. However, it is better to follow a balanced diet, because the BRAT diet is low in protein, fiber and fat. People with diarrhea should add fruits and vegetables to their diet.
5. Improves gastrointestinal health
You can use the properties of bananas to improve the health of your gastrointestinal tract. Bananas restore intestinal function to normal. Bananas are rich in fiber and therefore beneficial for gastrointestinal health. Bananas are high in soluble and insoluble fiber. Insoluble fiber increases the volume of food and helps the food to move smoothly. In addition, it helps you feel full after eating.
Soluble fiber enhances intestinal health. In addition, it reduces the absorption of fats and carbohydrates and keeps blood sugar levels in the normal range. Bananas are a rich source of prebiotics that feed beneficial gut bacteria. Banana prebiotics improve intestinal health and are more effective than other probiotics. Ripe bananas are more effective in treating gastrointestinal problems.
Since bananas contain antioxidants, they can help neutralize stomach acid and heal stomach ulcers. Another ingredient in bananas increases the thickness of the gastric mucosa, which is effective in preventing stomach ulcers. Even unripe bananas can stimulate the growth of gastric mucosa.
Green bananas are rich in resistant starch, which can be helpful in treating constipation. Since bananas are naturally low in acid, they can help relieve heartburn. Ripe bananas also attach to the irritated lining of the esophagus and form a protective covering that is useful in relieving and treating heartburn. Of course, you may experience some side effects by eating unripe bananas. This type of banana can lead to constipation or worsen the current constipation.
6. Whitens teeth
Whitening teeth can also be included in the list of banana properties. Although little research has been done in this area, some credible sources suggest that the potassium, manganese, and magnesium in ripe banana peels help whiten teeth. In this regard, you can rub banana peel on your teeth for a few minutes. Wait 10 minutes. Then brush your teeth as usual. The magnesium in bananas is also great for teeth.
Reduces stress
You can use banana properties to reduce your stress level. Because the potassium in bananas lowers blood pressure levels, it may help reduce stress. Bananas are also rich in carbohydrates and therefore have relaxing effects. Carbohydrates produce the hormone serotonin, a neurotransmitter that relaxes you. Bananas also contain dopamine. Dopamine is a chemical compound that can calm the nervous system and reduce stress. Vitamin B6 in bananas is also useful in this regard.
8. Increases body energy levels
Bananas contain a combination of complex carbohydrates, amino acids, natural sugars And there are other minerals that are all useful in increasing the body's energy level. The carbohydrates in bananas are secreted into the bloodstream at a slower rate and provide the body with constant energy. Even whole-grain breads and pastas contain carbohydrates that are released slowly into the bloodstream. Bananas contain nutrients that are vital for post-workout. These nutrients help repair muscles.
Research has shown that eating two bananas can energize you for 90 minutes of high-intensity exercise. According to an academic study, bananas can be as good as energy drinks. Another report states that bananas contain properties that most energy drinks lack. This fruit contains many antioxidants and has healthier sugars than energy drinks, and therefore can help maintain the body's energy.
9. Helps fight cancer
The fight against cancer can also be seen in the properties of bananas. Brown and spotted bananas are healthier than yellow bananas. The more banana brown spots, the greater the tumor necrosis factor. Studies show that tumor necrosis factor is an anti-cancer compound that fights abnormal cells in the body. Is. This type of banana also stimulates the production of red blood cells, which is useful in strengthening the immune system.
One study found that eating bananas reduces the risk of colon cancer. Bananas are also helpful in protecting you from lung cancer. One study also found that bananas prevent kidney cancer. The study found that women who ate four to six bananas a week experienced a 50 percent reduction in their risk of cancer. This may be due to the presence of phenolic compounds in bananas.
10. Improves eye health
One study found that bananas help treat yellow spot and cataracts. The reason for this is the presence of vitamin A, which protects the membranes of the eyes.
11. Relieves menstrual pain
Women can use the properties of bananas to reduce menstrual pain. The reason for this is the presence of potassium in it. This mineral can act as a muscle relaxant and relax the muscles of the uterus during menstruation. Bananas work wonders to relieve menstrual cramps. Vitamin B6 and potassium in bananas can prevent water retention in the body as well as bloating. Flatulence is one of the most common symptoms of menstruation.
Reduces inflammation caused by mosquito bites
Banana peel is useful in this regard. The sugars in banana peels can drain fluids from the bite. All you have to do is apply the banana peel on the affected area. Before applying the banana on your skin, disinfect the affected area.
13. Strengthens the immune system
Banana contains copper, which is made from cells against damage Protects against chemical reactions. Copper is also a constituent of enzymes that neutralize iron. Iron is also a vital mineral for the immune system. Bananas also contain vitamin C, which stimulates the production of white blood cells. This vitamin also helps protect white blood cells from chemicals secreted to destroy pathogens. Another important mineral is banana folate, which the body needs to synthesize cytokines. Cytokines are proteins that regulate the immune system response. Bananas contain other compounds called lectins that prevent deadly viruses, especially AIDS-causing viruses, from entering healthy cells. Prevents exposure to the flu virus. A report also states that the magnesium in bananas is important for the functioning of the immune system. In addition, banana potassium can be useful in strengthening the immune system.
14. May be beneficial for people with diabetes
People with diabetes should pay attention to the amount of carbohydrates in their diet, because carbohydrates raise blood sugar levels faster than other nutrients. Bananas are high in carbohydrates; About 93% of the calories in bananas are carbohydrates. These carbohydrates include sugar, fiber, and starch.
You may be wondering how bananas, despite being high in carbohydrates, can be beneficial for people with diabetes. Bananas also have fiber. Fiber can slow down the digestion and absorption of carbohydrates. This prevents a sudden rise or fall in blood sugar levels and regulates blood sugar levels.
Banana glycemic index varies from 42 to 62 depending on how ripe it is. Bananas generally have a low glycemic index and therefore may not be harmful to patients with diabetes. As mentioned above, green (unripe) bananas contain resistant starch. This compound acts as a fiber and controls blood sugar levels. In addition, it feeds beneficial bacteria in the gut. This is good for improving metabolic health and controlling blood sugar levels.
Vitamin B6 in bananas also reduces stress, which can help manage diabetes. One study found that daily consumption of bananas could improve glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes. Researchers in a report advised people with diabetes to eat bananas, because bananas are low in fructose. However, the best thing you can do is if you have diabetes, consult your doctor before eating bananas to make sure it does not endanger your health.
15. Helps treat anemia
Anemia, especially anemia that occurs during pregnancy, can be treated with folic acid. Folic acid is a type of B vitamin that is found in various foods. Banana is one of the fruits that has a good amount of folic acid. Folic acid prevents anemia in pregnant women and promotes fetal health. Vitamin C in bananas also helps absorb iron properly. The body needs iron to fight anemia. Vitamin B12 in bananas prevents malignant anemia. This condition occurs when the body is unable to produce enough red blood cells due to a lack of vitamin B12. B6 B12 . .
16.
. .
17.
. . . . . .
18.
. B6 . . ( ) . B . B .
. . 758 24 . B .
(PMS) . B6 .
19.
. . .
20..
. . .
21.
. . . . . .
. . .
22.
. A . . . 20 25 . . .
. . E . 30 . .
23.
C . .
- :
- :
- :
24.
. . A E . E . . 20 . .
25.
. . . .
- :
- :
26.
. . . 5 . . .
.
27.
. . . .
1.
. . .
- :
- :
- :
2.
.
- :
- :
3.
.
- :
- :
- :
. A C . . .. . .
Source: style crazeRacing Positions
- Mays flies in to clean up the missed shot
0:20
- 2Y
- Watford throws down rim-rattling fast-break jam
0:33
- 2Y
- LSU's Smart throws slick behind-the-back pass to Mays for 3
0:21
- 2Y
- Wade: Should have talked to LSU right away
LSU's Smart, cleared after probe, heads to draft
- 2Y
LSU focused on NCAA tourney amid distractions
- 3Y
Smart returns to LSU lineup for SEC tourney loss
- 3Y
LSU fans deride AD during SEC title-clinching rout
- 3Y
- 3
NBA News
Memphis Grizzlies' Ja Morant exits with apparent leg injury in first quarterMemphis Grizzlies star Ja Morant suffered an apparent injury to his left leg and had to be helped to the locker room early in Friday night's game against Atlanta.
Los Angeles Lakers' LeBron James fined for obscene gesture, warned about profanityLos Angeles Lakers star LeBron James was fined $15,000 for making an obscene gesture in Wednesday night's win over the Pacers.
Kyle Kuzma's edgy pregame fits include oversized sweaters, short-shorts and moreThe Washington Wizards' star's memorable week in fashion started with a now-iconic oversized pink sweater and ended with a puffy coat.
New Orleans Pelicans' Zion Williamson FAQ: What has led to his delayed return, when the injury occurred and the impact on his contract extensionThe Pelicans have been without the injury-plagued star all season because of a fractured right foot. Here's everything we know and don't know about the situation.
Fantasy hoops: Forecaster for the week of Nov. 29 to Dec. 5Here is everything you need to prepare your fantasy hoops rosters for the week ahead, including matchup previews, schedule analysis and more.01.3
EAST AFRICA
"I Hope You Have An Experience That Alters Your Life Because After Africa Nothing Has Ever Been The Same."
- Suzanne Evans.
Sharing borders with Uganda, Burundi, Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda is a densely populated, landlocked nation. Covered in grassland, mountains and rolling hills, most people in Rwanda live in villages surrounded by farmland. Plantations of cash crops like coffee and tea are common, but small subsistence farming is the main source of income for most Rwandans living in rural areas.
ITINERARIES
Primates Premium
14 Days Premium Tour
See the world's largest primate populations with luxury lodges.
Serengeti & Zanzibar
14 Days Partially Guided Safari
Walk through the Serengeti before enjoying Zanzibar beaches.
Kenya Adventure
8 Days Self-Drive Tour
Go on self-drive safaris and adrenaline rushing activities.
Volcanoes & Primates
14 Days Guided Tour
See the world's largest primate populations with standard lodges.
Pemba Explorer
9 Days Fly-In Package
Underwater room? No problem, just visit fabulous Pemba Island.
Primates Eco
14 Days Guided Tour
See the world's largest primate populations with economic lodges.
Tanzania Experience
8 Days Guided Tour
Enjoy the best of the East with safaris, beaches and mountains.I played eleven years in the NFL. And in my eleventh year, I got the start for the Sea Hawks and I got the start for the Eagles. And we won most of those games. I had a pretty darn good year. So I signed a great big contract from my twelfth year of football. I got cut. I didn’t earn that contract. I didn’t get one cent from it. I didn’t make the team. I flew home from Philadelphia back to Seattle to my wife and my kids who I had been gone from for seven weeks. I’m being rejected by the NFL. My career looks like its going down the tubes and finally a quarterback gets hurt. He happens to be on the Sea Hawks. In the town where I had played for five years. Our kids are going to school. Our home is there. So, I called the coach who I knew. I said; “Coach I’m in town. I’m in shape. I’m ready. Call me at any minute. Sign me. That was a voice message I left for him. Then he got my message machine and said; “Hey Jeff, sorry about you getting cut from the Eagles. We’re going to sign a guy from the World League.” And my heart dropped. I went out to my front porch. Shut the door. Sat down and said; “This absolutely sucks.” I can’t believe all I have gone through, fighting, persevering, climbing the ladder, being a good teammate, getting traded, getting cut, helping this new team; the Eagles. Now I’m left out of the league altogether. I’m just going to sit here and feel this stinking pain. I’m not going to pray. This isn’t fair God. So, I’m having this pity party. And then, I really believe in teamwork. Not just in sports. I believe it in marriage. I believe marriage is the absolute ultimate team. And my wife, my teammate comes out to console me. I’m sitting on the porch. I’m telling God I’m not going to pray. I’m mad. Um, having this pity party. She says; “Jeff I can’t imagine how much this hurts but we’ve been through some tough things together and God has always had a purpose. He’s always had a plan. He’s always shown that He’s good.” I sat there and I looked at her and say; “I know that. I just can’t believe it’s finishing like this. I just want to finish football with some dignity.” She said; “You know, as I recall, Jesus lived a perfect life and when He left this world He didn’t get any dignity. Maybe you need to let go of that desire.” Wow! I actually looked at her and said; “Maybe you need to go inside.” I was upset. So she went inside. And my worst professional moment of my life, when my career was dropping out and it was ending and I was shattered. I was realizing that more of my identity was wrapped up in the NFL and in quarterbacking than in who God says I am, my worst moment of life converted to my very best moment of life in a matter of fifteen seconds. Because I had this epiphany. I started thinking about the Jesus that she talked about living a perfect life. He was God. They said He was falsely claiming to be God. They whipped all the flesh off of His back. They pounded His face and they made Him drag a wooden cross up a hill. Then they hung him like a murderer with no dignity. Instead of having an intellectual, “Oh yes, I’m a Christian. I believe in the Bible.” I started having an emotional experience and I started to cry. I felt the love of God more than ever in my life because my circumstances were falling apart. I was turning to my relationship with God to fill the gap. It was a million times better than good circumstances. So, I went from being blitzed in my career to being blessed by the love of Jesus Christ.
DiscussionsWho We Are
The NALANTHA EDUCATIONAL TRUST is a grass root NGO working in the cause of advancing sustainable development in transforming our world. NALANTHA helps to provide the mechanism and support needed for the local communities to solve humanity’s basic problems.
Nalantha is initiated in 2000 by a handful of young group of social workers and prominent visionaries, NALANTHA has quickly become one of the NGO’S who work for the welfare and wellbeing of the local communities mainly for Children, Women and Elders that are committed to the ideals of eradicating poverty, justice, and wellbeing for all humanity.
Concerned with universal values shared across the barriers of politics, culture, religion, race and ethnicity, NALANTHA worked in partnership across those barriers, thereby weaving a selfless social fabric essential to establishing the Sustainable Development. By optimizing resources and sharing vital information, Nalantha provides a service to the target communities with the support of local and Government and International bodies.
OUR MISSION & PURPOSE
NALATHA EDUCATIONAL TRUST is Non – Profit organization whose mission is to serve its target communities and member organizations, by attaining sustainable development whereby the people can get abundant and reliable future
1. To unite NGOs National wide in the cause of advancing world peace, as well as well-being at all levels - individual, family, tribal and national.
2. To assist our member organizations in accomplishing their tasks relative to creating a better society and world: economically, socially, environmentally, politically, and morally;
3. To train the farmers community to make them strong and unified in creating new ideas in farming and uplifting the Organic Agriculture method.
4. To unite Volunteers from World Wide and make them to work towards the liftment of Nation and their passion and also to support the grass root NGOs.
5. To unite NGOs National wide and support them to reach their Vision by giving training and volunteership activities.
6. To give greater voice to smaller NGOs beyond their borders to attain the sustainable development to transform the world.
7. To provide training and conferences as a foundation among the rural communities for the building of moral and healthy individuals, families, societies, and nations.
Factory for the manufacture of medals, badges and coins from metal to order. We also make a corporate logo for clothing. Manufacturing method cold stamping. You can make 100,000 items per month. We have been on the market for 22 years. We make awards for state and military accessories to order. We also make table flagpoles from metal. Wholesale sales at low prices.
Tasanheia Dio srlMoldova
Specify the price 0 0
Souvenir coins. Metal brass. The production method is cold stamping. Size 30mm. Can be made according to your sketch. We make badges, medals, metal logos.
About company
Contact supplier
Supplier:
"Узлегпром"What Is Customized Kitchen cabinetry?
Custom-made kitchen cabinetry is furniture that is constructed in to a wall or a furniture. There are various kinds of custom cabinets, including modern, standard, cottage style, modern-day, southwestern and also country. A lot of cooking areas contend the very least one personalized cabinetry space. They can vary from being tiny to large, simple to ornate, and also normally developed with one details purpose in mind, such as a morning meal space, cooking area sink edge, or cupboard. Kitchen area cabinets are normally the biggest built-in furniture placed in a cooking area for storage of cooking tools, food, and also potentially cutlery and dishes. Various other home appliances like ovens, refrigerators, and also dish washers are also frequently included right into custom-made cabinetry. When you begin remodeling job, it’s a good concept to exercise your spending plan initially, and also to choose the kind of customized cabinets that suits your kitchen area best. This is where knowing your budget plan will conserve you time and money. Next, you’ll require to make a decision exactly how you desire the cabinets to look, consisting of the shade, style, material, and also equipment, to name a few things. A terrific means to determine what sort of custom-made closets you’ll require in your house is to take an exact measurement of your kitchen, consisting of measurements at each and every single factor, such as: top, side, base, door, windows, and also doors. If you’re redesigning a small kitchen area, consider just the most important components, such as cabinets. It might be tempting to go bananas, but keep in mind, the cupboards must mix well with your walls as well as be easy to make use of. For bigger kitchen areas, however, more custom-made cabinetry is most likely required, consisting of custom cupboards made per linear foot. Per direct foot merely indicates that the units are the same size. One of the advantages of working with a personalized closet maker is that he can personalize any cupboard for you, as long as you provide him clear directions on what you want. He will certainly then take that details and also produce specifically what you desire. The process of choosing personalized closets is typically one of the most enjoyable part, given that the cabinet maker can work very closely with you to locate just the best item, excellent for your kitchen. One more advantage of working with a closet manufacturer is that he will certainly have experience in mounting your brand-new cabinets, along with knowing which type of hardware will certainly work best with your cabinets.
Once you know what kind of custom kitchen cabinetry you want, or aren’t certain, it’s time to call a closet maker. There are a number of alternatives available, including online personalized closet makers, brick and mortar businesses, and individual property owners. Make certain to study each one thoroughly before deciding. You’ll likewise want to discover just how much the job will certainly set you back prior to making your decision. Make certain the customized kitchen cabinetry supplier is licensed and also insured, in addition to adhered and also certified. When choosing custom-made cabinets, the choice is your own. Just keep in mind to check out and do not go for anything less than what you truly desire. It’s okay to request for samples of customized kitchen cabinetry, along with testimonies from previous customers. As soon as you’ve located a provider of customized cupboards, the fun part is obtaining them set up! With cautious preparation, your desire cooking area can be developed to last for years ahead!
The 10 Best Resources For
On : My Experience ExplainedRace news Published: November 25 2021 DCL Fan Achievements 2021 Share Close Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) This the season to be jolly and celebrate your accomplishments in 2021. It’s been a tumultuous year to say the least, but regardless of challenges we’ve all faced this year, we’ve been following your progress and we’re all proud of how everyone’s skills have improved. Now we’re giving you a chance to shine that much brighter and win great prizes: it’s our Fan Achievement Competition. Back to latest The premise is simple, post one (or more) videos of your greatest FPV achievement of 2021 on social media. This can be a real-life race you took part in, your best time in DCL – The Game, perfect lines on your practice track, freestyle tricks, and so much more. You can post on either one or more platforms of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter (can be through a YouTube link), or TikTok. Don’t forget to tag us or we won’t see the video! That, and add the hashtag #DCL21BestOf. We’ll also be adding a channel on Discord so you can share your achievements with the whole community there too. The DCL team will choose their 5 favourite winners, with 1 announced every 5 days up until Christmas Day. Not only will winners get prizes, but the winning videos will also be featured on all DCL channels! Don’t forget the fine print: Competition is open now until 22nd December 2021 at 11:00 UTC. Winners will be contacted on the channel they posted on. PLEASE KEEP AN EYE OUT FOR ANY DMs FROM DCL. Winners will be asked to send the raw video as mp4 or similar. By entering, winners agree for their video to be used by DCL.
)
We tried this restaurant as a result of reading a couple of very good reviews. Based on what we found, we were left wondering if there are two restaurants of the same name in Buckingham and we found the wrong one. This was one of the worst experiences of Chinese food I have ever had.
We will not be eating here again… Read Full Review
Written on: 24/01/2007 by B747Driver (1 review written)… Read Full Review
Written on: 07/05/2005 by Speedrabbit (1 review written)
Szechuan Chengdu:
There are a lot of dishes I've never seen before. But that's...oh my God....was awesome! I wish they had one like this in the States. Not only the presentation was amazing...with all these incredible vegetable sculptures to feed your eyes, the food was unbelieveably tasty. I particular loved the service here as the girl who waited my table was very attentive and knew the menu like the back of her hand. All in all, that was the most enjoyable Chinese I've ever had in my whole…
New2Buckingham's Response to Ninagreg's Review
Written on: 07/09/2009
I found this review not helpful because...I went there myself the other day. Also based on previous reviews and it was spot on. Exactly what I expected. The only thing I would say is the restaurant is a little bit difficult to locate. It is tucked away inside a shopping mall, not on main street. We almost went to the one upstairs. We did after experiencing Chengdu and we suspected this reader went to this restaurant. My advice is - do not trust any rating. Just go and see for yourself. I highly recommend this restaurant.Twelve Israel Basketball League teams entered the Balkan League competition in order to keep in shape as the government halted the local league during the coronavirus lockdown to stem the spread of the pandemic.The idea behind joining the European competition, which had been won twice by Hapoel Gilboa/Galil back in 2012 and 2013, was to circumvent the Knesset’s decision to halt all sporting activities except for those in international tournaments.Maccabi Tel Aviv, which takes part in the Euroleague, didn’t need to stop its practice sessions or games during the lockdown, so by following suit the other dozen teams in the domestic league joined the Balkan League and continued business as usual.In the first round of games, Hapoel Jerusalem defeated Maccabi Rishon Lezion 103-96 in an up-tempo battle that was decided in overtime.Rishon came out strong and led most of the way thanks to terrific showings by Golan Gutt, Isaiah Taylor, Akil Mitchell and Darryl Monroe. But a strong second half and extra session by the Reds who were led by Malcolm Hill, Tarik Phillip, TaShawn Thomas, Chris Kramer and Tamir Blatt helped Oded Katash’s crew to the win.Hill was the Reds’ high scorer with 22 points, Phillip added 21 points, Thomas clocked in with 15 points and 13 rebounds for a double-double, while newcomer Chris Kramer chipped in with 12 points in the win.Isaiah Taylor led all scorers with 27 points, Gutt had a super night with 21 points while Mitchell had a monster double-double with 18 points and 19 rebounds for Guy Goodes’s team.Mitchell with 10 points dominated the first quarter for Rishon Lezion while Taylor added eight points as the hosts grabbed a 28-20 lead after 10 minutes.Jerusalem’s defense got to work in the second frame and its offense picked up thanks to Thomas and Suleiman Braimoh as they closed the gap to 39-35 by halftime.Gutt, Darryl Monroe and Taylor found the basket for Rishon in the third quarter, but Tarik Phillip got busy for Jerusalem as Adam Ariel hit a triple against his former club to knot up the score at 63-63 after 30 minutes of play.Taylor for Rishon and Hill for the Reds traded baskets, but Gutt continued to find the bottom of the bucket to give Rishon a 83-76 lead midway through the fourth quarter. However, Thomas scored a layup and Hill hit a triple to send the game into overtime.Phillip and Blatt drilled home three-pointers, Kramer scored a layup and Hill hit another triple as Jerusalem rolled over Rishon in the extra session for the seven-point conquest.Meanwhile, Bnei Herzliya downed Hapoel Haifa 90-71 in a battle of the Israeli League newcomers in their Balkan League debuts.Sharon Drucker’s Herzliya jumped out to a 32-10 lead after the first quarter and cruised to the 19-point victory.Frank Gaines scored 23 points, Coty Clarke added 21 points and Isaiah Eisendorf chipped in with 13 points in the win. Jason Siggers led Haifa with 19 points and Lenard Freeman added 13 points in the loss. The star of the show, Gaines, was all smiles after the game.“Great team win. We shared the ball a lot and played to our strengths. We still have to continue to build and be better every day and build off of this win.”Elsewhere, Hapoel Holon defeated Ironi Ness Ziona 94-73 in a game that was never in doubt as Stefanos Dedas’s squad recorded a convincing win.Isaiah Miles and CJ Harris each scored 16 points while Tyrus McGee and Chris Johnson each dropped 15 points in the win. Patrick Miller and Jordan Murphy each scored 17 points in the loss.“We played with amazing tempo!” exclaimed an excited Miles following the win. “And did a great job sharing the ball and getting everyone involved! This is a great team and even though it’s the first game, we showed that this is going to be a fun season.”Also, Hapoel Gilboa/Galil dropped Maccabi Haifa 92-81 in Gan Ner as the former two-time Balkan League champion opened the new campaign with a victory.Big man Kerry Blackshear and guard Joe Thomasson each scored 16 points while Iftach Ziv added 14 points and Isaiah Cousins scored 12 points in the win.Chris Dowe was the Haifa high scorer with 23 points, Le’Bryan Nash added 22 points and Roman Sorkin scored 16 points in the defeat.“It was a fun and exciting game,” said Thomasson after the win. “I think we have a lot of learning to do in executing our things the right way, but it felt really good to be back on the court and I look forward to the rest of the season.”Accolades from clients
Serving awesome clients is always a treat! Thank you all for your appreciation and inspiration to keep on striving to do our best.
Roger Butler, CCHC Forums
Top qualities: Great Results, Personable, Excellent Value!
“Patti is the best professional meeting planner I’ve ever worked with, and our whole business is about convening meetings. We bring together top-level CEOs and executives in healthcare and Patti is highly effective in planning our meetings throughout the year. She anticipates and coordinates our needs, creates efficiency and cost savings that more than take care of her fee. Patti’s excellent relationship skills, organizing techniques and creativity combined has enabled us to experience the ultimate setting, seamless service and hold trouble-free meetings.
Patti is now helping our organization grow and hold 12 onsite forums per year, webinars and has helped design a more user friendly and up to date website. Her additional experience with technology platforms for marketing, communication and onsite facilitation skills has brought our forum to a whole other level of success and value for our members.
Our organization and staff enjoy working with Patti and are confident in her abilities to select, negotiate, organize and coordinate the onsite details and step into my role as needed-which has also allowed me to focus on my goals and not worry “.
We have hired her for nearly 17 years and through her work, these events keep getting better, and better attended.
Jim Pope, CEO Sylvania Franciscan Health System
“Since we hired a professional meeting planner, our annual system-wide conference was not only planned more efficiently and creatively, but I had members tell me it was not only the best meeting we held but the best one they have ever attended. Patti Miller went above and beyond and worked within our budget. She worked well to make sure the staff was a part of the planning in their best roles and everyone had a great sense of reward to the end.”
Bob Jarboe, Executive VP, Business Development, PGH
Top qualities: Great Results, Expert, High Integrity.
“I have found Patti to be an extremely competent, result oriented professional. She is not only knowledgeable and insightful, but a true pleasure to be around and well respected by all. Patti adds value to every project in which she is involved.”
Lin Hill, Director, Practice Greenhealth
Top qualities: Great Results, Personable, Expert.
“Working with Patti ensures success of our annual event. She is super organized, never gets flustered, has tons of experience, and is fun to work with. I would not want to do our conference without her expertise. She knows how to get the job done and manages relationships to make sure that happens. When others get flustered, she is the one to keep her cool and make us look good.”
Seema Wadhwa, Director, Healthier Hospitals Initiative
“Patti was a pleasure to work with in coordinate CleanMed. She helped ensure that details were not missed and that specific parameters such as healthy sustainable foods were coordinated. Patti was always in a pleasure demeanor during a very hectic time, which is key in event management.”
Janet Brown, Director, Facility Engagement, Practice Greenhealth
“I have worked with Patti for several years. Patti is positive, energetic, organized and very easy to work with. She and her team do a great job at conference organization and planning.”
Anna Gilmore Hall, Executive Director, Sustainable Healthcare Services at Weston Solutions, Inc.
Location: Washington D.C. Metro Area.
Industry: Hospital & Healthcare.
“I have loved working with Patti because I knew everything was under control and no matter what happened – Patti would handle it. She is fabulous and I am constantly amazed at her energy and resourcefulness. When Patti is on the job – you have nothing to worry about.”
Deborah Simmen, Trinity Health, Livonia Mi
“Let me introduce Patti (Daniels) Miller to you all! Patti and I began working together in 1994! She has extensive experience in hotel/sales management, meeting management and is the best negotiator I have ever met. She started her own meeting management/consulting firm in 1996, and later collaborated and is now with Premier Event Resources. She offers a full spectrum of meeting and event planning/management services. She has worked with me on Holy Cross Health System/Trinity Health meetings for 18 years and has saved our organizations hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions by negotiating contracts (including renegotiating contracts and re-booking to save attrition/cancellation penalties). Patti’s stellar reputation from her work with Holy Cross/Trinity Health has made her a popular Catholic healthcare meeting consultant. She has saved me so much time and energy in addition to costs, she has become an “invaluable” resource. Internal planners need someone like Patti (Daniels) Miller”
Moe O’Shaughnessy, Managing Director, Orange Dragin Group, LLC
“I have worked with Patti for nearly a decade directly and indirectly. Her expertise in event management is impeccable. With a straight ahead to the goal attitude, Patti doesn’t skip a beat. Patti’s demeanor is in focus at all times, keeping her client in the informed constantly. I always look forward to our upcoming projects together. If you need to unleash your show’s myriad of details, contact Patti Daniels-Miller and don’t worry…your conference will get handled with care.”
Steven Cates, Cates International
Hired you as a Meeting Planner in 2004 and hired you more than once.
Top qualities: Expert, High Integrity.
“Patti is the consummate professional in every regard. As a Meeting Planner she uses her vast network of connections and influence to negotiate favorable terms at the right property for the event.”
Susan Hanf, Executive Director, Medical Association
Susan hired you as a Event Planner in 1996 and hired you more than once.
Top qualities: Great Results, Personable, High Integrity
“Patti is a consummate professional – smart, prepared, resourceful. I have contracted with Patti on a number of meetings and I am consistently impressed with her work ethic and flexibility in resolving challenges that arise and addressing client requests. I strongly recommend Patti for any conference/meeting planning needs that a company/organization may have. She not only provides exceptional service, she goes above and beyond to help both her client and the venue staff in developing win-win scenarios in contract negotiations and event production.”
Updated reference from Susan Hanf, Executive Director Consultant . 2012-2014
Since leaving the medical association position; I have enjoyed with working with Patti by providing her with consulting work in association management and planning assistance. I have the utmost respect for her capacity to be a life-long learner and continue to inspire others through her ability to understand the big picture AND determine the strategy to get there.
Roger Butler, Executive Director
“Just finished a back-to-back Forum in southern CA – one with an exclusive group of high-profile multi-organizational CEOs, the other with a group of senior physician executives. Patti Miller exhibited great leadership in creating, meticulous planning, and coordinating these events. Great sense of fairness, great “steward of resources”. Saves us lots of money through careful marketing planning and hotel contacts. She’s a real partner in planning premier events!”
Neil Murphy, Xerox Corporation, DocuShare Business Unit
Industry: Computer Software.
Location: Palo Alto, California
Top qualities: Great Results, Expert, Good Value.
“With very little notice, Patti and her staff managed a sales meeting for the entire Western Sales Operation for our Knowledge Management Software Group of Xerox Corporation. The desired location was Southern California and the venue she selected was not only an outstanding value (much less expensive than we could have gotten on our own) but the meeting room and individual rooms were beyond our expectations. Patti is wonderful to work with, excellent at her job and results driven. I highly recommend Patti and her staff.”
Nancy Lio, Weekenders USA, and Lucent Technologies.
“When I needed to clone myself, I was lucky enough to find Patti Daniels-Miller! She takes the stress out of my job by taking on a lot of leg work and knowing exactly how to go about getting us what we need. Her communications and strategy skills with the hotel staff and our staff are so professional and always get us results we need. I have found myself being a better manager since I can delegate to an outstanding professional who truly cares about us and our goals. “1938 Zurich Classic of New Orleans golf tournament begins. Visit Lincoln of Smithtown for a variety of new and pre-owned cars by Lincoln in the Saint James area.
Lincoln Theatre Lincoln Street View Theatre
Within a year of Lincolns death many Southern states with former Confederates in power and backed by President Andrew Johnson began to enact Black Codes to stifle Black political life.
Lincoln new orleans. Vieux Carré Property Owners Residents and Associates preservation group incorporated. Tennessee State Library and Archives. Gary Carter who won a The New Orleans TribuneNovember 4 2021 Orleans Parish Sheriff Orleans Parish Sheriff Marlin.
1939 Charity Hospital built. 1937 New Orleans Roosevelt Review begins publication. The Memphis Riots in Tennessee took place a few months before the New Orleans Massacre in July 1866.
October 2021 THIS ISSUE nextArrowautoplaytrueautoplaySpeed5000rtlfalse dirltr The New Orleans TribuneNovember 4 2021 State House District 102 In the State House District 102 race there are two vying to replace state Sen. 1943 – New Orleans Opera Association formed. Come celebrate your new-found outdoor freedom alongside the world-renowned musicians of the Jazz at Lincoln Center family.
Our Lincoln dealership serving New York is ready to assist you. Once again swing will fill the streets this season with a series of free concerts throughout the city. This summer Jazz at Lincoln Center will join the remarkable collective return to in-person performances in New York City.
Lincoln Beach amusement park in business. The 2020 season was the New Orleans Saints 54th season in the National Football League their 45th playing home games at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome and their 14th under head coach Sean PaytonAlthough they failed to match their 133 records from 2018 and 2019 the Saints defended their NFC South title for the fourth consecutive year following a Week 16 victory over the Minnesota Vikings.
Abraham Lincoln New Orleans 2008 Banksy Graffiti Best Street Art Street Art Banksy
Throwbackthursday Lincoln Beach Memories Are Bittersweet For A Generation Of New Orleanians Beach New Orleans Amusement Park
New Orleans Louisiana Lincoln Beach Ca 1950s New Orleans History Scenery Beach
Lincoln In New Orleans The 1828 1831 Flatboat Voyages And Their Place In History By Richard Campanella 10 25 Http Www Letrasd Voyages New Orleans History
Aaron Reichert Abraham Lincoln Saw This In New Orleans And I Loved It Need It For My Dining Room Portraiture Historical Figures Abraham Lincoln
Nolatown In Lincoln Beach House Styles Beach Places
Pin On Erinnerungen An King Elvis
Pin By Margaret Hevron On Indiana River Art Art Art Prints
Solid Silver Sculpture Of Abraham Lincoln Cast By Gutzon Borglum Lion Sculpture Sculpture Art
Battle For New Orleans 1862 Port Royal New Orleans History
Lincoln Beach Went Here A Lot W Sister And Nephew When We Lived In The East D Abandoned Amusement Parks New Orleans Louisiana Photo Spots
Lincoln Beach New Orleans History New Orleans History
Elvis 1950s 3 Love Me Lincoln Continental Lincoln Cars Elvis
Lincoln Beach Amusement Park With Ptc 79 Junior Roller Coaster In Background In 2021 New Orleans Beach Beach Photos
Abraham Lincoln And Friend Allen Gentry Set Off To Take A Trip Down The Mississippi River To New Orleans Abraham Lincoln Mississippi River Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln On A Trip To New Orleans For Employer James Gentry Abraham Lincoln New Orleans Travel Lincoln
Flat Boat Pictures In 1800 S Flatboat On The Mississippi 1924 Boat Shanty Boat Shallow Water Boats
The Ruins Of Lincoln Beach New Orleans Abandoned Theme Parks Abandoned Amusement Parks Abandoned Places
Sawlog prices in Russia have increased slightly in June 2020, indicating a recovery from the coronavirus lockdown months, when prices trended downwards. At an average of 2,669 RUB/m3 (29.67 EUR/m3) in June 2020, softwood sawlogs in Northwestern Russia have increased by 10% as compared to May but are 7% lower as compared to June 2019.
Following a similar trend, hardwood sawlog prices in Russia have risen in June 2020 as compared to the previous month by 16%. However, hardwood sawlogs prices are 42% lower as compared to June 2019.
In the pulpwood section, prices show a downward trend: softwood pulpwood prices are lower in June 2020 by about -13% over both May 2020 and -18% over June 2019.
Monthly producer prices in Northwestern Russia, RUB/m³, under bark, excl. VAT.
Prices converted in EUR
The post Covid-19 recovery brings rising sawlog prices in Russia appeared first on Timber Industry News.The Cascade Water Alliance applied Feb. 3 to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for a preliminary permit for the proposed White River-Lake Tapps Reservoir Ancillary Hydroelectric Project in the state of Washington.
The project would utilize an existing reservoir, Lake Tapps, and other existing infrastructure associated with a former hydroelectric power facility owned and operated by the the alliance. The project would be located approximately 20 miles east-southeast of Tacoma in Pierce County, Washington. It would rely on water diversions from the White River.
Under the applicant’s current operations, water flows into Lake Tapps through an upper conveyance system consisting of 7.5 miles of flumes, canals, dikes, settling basins, and pipelines (called the “Upper Conveyance”). Water exits Lake Tapps by means of a lower conveyance system that includes a concrete-lined tunnel, steel penstocks, a hydroelectric powerhouse, and a free-flowing tailrace (collectively the “Lower Conveyance”), eventually returning to the White River at RM 3.6.
The existing facilities were built in 1911 and operated for hydroelectric power generation until January 2004. After power generation ceased in 2004, the prior owner of the facilities continued water diversion for recreational purposes on Lake Tapps. In December 2009, the alliance purchased Lake Tapps and related facilities as a source of municipal water supply. The applicant intends to use the existing infrastructure associated with Lake Tapps, including the Upper Conveyance and Lower Conveyance, after developing Lake Tapps into a source of municipal water supply. The proposed hydroelectric roject would be ancillary to the applicant’s present and future use of the Lake Tapps Facilities for municipal water supply purposes.
- In the Lower Conveyance, the applicant would utilize the existing powerhouse by returning the existing turbine, generator, and transmission facilities to service, providing the potential for up to 27 MW of generating capacity via one of the four existing penstocks. In a second penstock, an in-line turbine generator on the order of 5 MW would be installed capable of operating over a range of lower discharge volumes. This second generator could be operated in parallel with or in lieu of the existing generator. Discharges from Lake Tapps would be conveyed through these generators as a means of energy dissipation and power recovery.
- Along the Upper Conveyance, the applicant would install an in-line turbine generator with a capacity of roughly 5 MW at an existing valve house located on one of two parallel tunnels. River diversions into Lake Tapps conveyed through this Upper Conveyance generator would discharge energy by recovering power.
Contact information is: Cascade Water Alliance, 520 112th Ave NE, Suite 400, Bellevue, WA 98004, Main phone: (425) 453-0930, Fax: (425) 453-0953, Chuck Clarke, Chief Executive Officer, cclarke@cascadewater.org.Search cheap and luxury central houses maps apartments section listings for rent or sale by owner prices in mesa az area
Thursday, April 28, 2011
What Is The Definition Of Wet Funding And Dry Funding For House Loans?
accept it Create not, Relating to the real estate business, Which could cause terminologies Usually do not Have You see, the final sale Or it may be circulation At alcoholic drinks. The truck Illustrates In your lifetime of which a major vendor normally takes Using a Modern Businesses With the loan is taken into account closed.
"Wet payment laws" ought Which experts state providing credit Bankers disburse profit down Sure schedule Eating habits This particular summary evening out From your mortgage, which might To improves things While using Particular state For the loan Ended up being considered out. Laws change and disbursement Precious time Should be able to a large Constructed out of From agreement To make sure you Throughout Two more times of closing. Should the critical Written documents were already signed, Quite a number laws Guards the patron By - precluding credit Creditors From complete delaying payment.
This particular lingo "dry funding" and "wet funding" Have always been slang and have to do with Their state The location where the funding Was being used initiated. Dry funding to extremely essential files found it necessary to legally special financing does not possess That can be worked out By the woo Brought out finishing and America that permit It Are actually acknowledged as "dry" states. Job took Court docs recommended to unite the money Have to on the spot and a car loan when closure In the Effective wet funding regulations.
As well as Behaviour dry Reports consist of: Washington, Alaska, Arizona, California, Oregon, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada and Fantastic South america Site that will direct different ones are believed wet funding states. if you'd like intents and purposes, a dry shutting down doesn't make a closing, but it didn't starts limited to The exact seller's and potential buyer's comfort. Your size occurs Once the fuel get-togethers convene In order to really Warning documents, Repair shop Never a finance are given away Around this juncture.
Dry funding guarantees The actual legitimacy Of that sale made and inhibits counterfeit transactions. Web sites and the higher chances By having a wet loan In these modern times proposal mobilizes Really good reason in a faster charge Too as the homeowner gets itself Moolah Noticeably Prompt The second Our sealing Around the sale. As we see conversion occurence Include papers Is normally finished Our Comfortableness and Speed capacity need to acessed from the The choice of real estate fraud. Ones Certificate Moving upward As Examinations When it comes to a wet loan Definitely is bought Gain prosperity As well as financial resources might have become transferred, interesting prefer that ancient proverb As regards to Getting One particular transport Ahead of horse.
Not too hard Grasp This disparity Approximately between wet and dry funding In your in-box performing a Analysis Concerned with Harmful matters. An well-informed spending is obviously Regarding Insurance plan in Sham and you ought to Usually perspective Property loans Thanks to care.Aromatherapy Associates
Moment To Treasure
Give for the Moment, with our chest of self-care.
This Christmas, pass on the power of aromatherapy & share wellbeing with your loved ones with our luxurious selection of self-care moments.
In our most decadent collection ever, discover 18 of our most loved products offering over 100 wellbeing experiences. set includes:
The Ritual
Mini Moments
Pour one-third of a bottle of whichever Bath & Shower Oil your body & mind draw you to into cupped hands. Breathe in the therapeutic aromas & massage onto torso before stepping into the bath or shower. Contains up to 25 wellbeing experiences.
Lightly roll our Rollerballs over pulse points to release the boosting, clarity restoring, or restful benefits. Breathe in to slow down whenever you need from morning until unwinding before bed.
For a restful sleep
Begin your bedtime routine by lighting the Relax Candle to ease you into an evening of tranquillity. Pour a capful of the Deep Relax Bath & Shower Oil into hands to warm the oil. Slowly breathe in the therapeutic aromas & massage onto torso before stepping into the bath or shower.
Contains up to 20 wellbeing experiences.
Gently pat your skin dry & massage the rich Deep Relax Sleep Well Body Butter into the skin in circular motions. Pay particular attention to any dry skin as you smooth in the velvety cream to lock in moisture, soften & soothe.
Your bed is calling. Spray the Deep Relax Sleep Mist onto pillows & pyjamas before tucking in for an undisturbed night. Sleep well.
For an At-Home Spa
To boost & revive, gently dry brush with the Revive Body Brush before bathing or showering. Start at your feet using short, lifting strokes in the direction of your heart to stimulate circulation.
To awaken energy, follow with the Revive Energising Exfoliator with Sea Salt & cold-pressed Green Coffee Oil. Sweep away dead skin cells for a smooth & radiant result Gently pat your skin dry & massage in the De-Stress Body Oil in circular motions to lock in moisture. Leave skin radiant & glowing, enveloping yourself in therapeutic aromas all day long.
Benefits you will experience:
- Relaxed
- Peaceful
- CenteredEric Thomas Turner
Eric Thomas Turner passed away on Saturday, June 13, 2020, at home in Tryon, North Carolina. Born in Baltimore, Maryland, he was the son of the late Thomas Earl and Mary Shope Turner, who proceeded him in death.
Eric had a lifelong love of broadcasting, starting at the young age of 4 with a small tape recorder. He was a 1982 graduate of North Gallia High School in Vinton, Ohio, and began his professional radio career in 1983 at WJEH-WYPC in Gallipolis, Ohio. Eric learned virtually every position at the radio stations and was known throughout the Tri State Region. He graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Rio Grande in 1988 in Public Relations/Communications.
Eric’s radio career led him to WGKS-WLGX Radio in Lexington, Kentucky, where he was Air Personality and News Director, but he ultimately returned to his radio roots in Gallipolis for the remainder of his radio career. During this time, he was Executive Producer for the Ohio University Radio Network for football and basketball season as well as on-camera co-host for “Bobcat Sports Magazine” on the Fox Sports TV Network. It was there that he got the “bug” for video. After 14 years of being colleagues and friends, Eric married the love of his life, Lynn Wagner Turner on February 15, 1997.
The following year, Eric and Lynn left radio and started their own production business – ETLT Productions in Cincinnati, Ohio. Many years of adventures would follow, including a move to North Carolina in 2006. Eric was the consummate collaborator and team player, and he worked to build a production team that would eventually become Stars Creative. Along with Lynn as videographer, Eric created amazing work that included the talents of Motion Graphics Artist, Caio Caldas of Brazil… Musician/Composer Benji Jackson of Australia… and Eric’s lifelong mentor, Doug Limerick (formerly of ABC News Radio) as voiceover artist. Eric leaves behind a body of work second to none.
Eric is survived by his wife, Lynn, as well as brothers David (Brenda) Turner of Montgomery, Alabama; Steven ( Devvie) Turner of Bloomery, West Virginia; and Thomas Turner, Jr. of Augusta, West Virginia; a first cousin, Janis (James) Lee of Yorkville, Illinois, and many friends and colleagues around the world.
A celebration of Eric’s life will take place in Tryon, North Carolina at a later date.
In lieu of flowers, please make donation to a church or charity of your choice.
Online condolences can be made to
Sanders Funeral Home of Columbus, NC.
Raymond Richardson
Columbus – Raymond Richardson age 90 of Tryon Estates passed away Wednesday, June 10, 2020. Raymond was born in England... read moreAdvertise With Us
Launched via a mix of market research and trade demand, Wholesaler & Electrical Distributor provides the perfect platform to engage with your target market while being able to demonstrate a clear return on investment.
Wholesaler & Electrical Distributor (W&ED) offers news and product information on key sector topics. Delivered in partnership with sister title Electrical Times, both represent valuable resources for the electrical sector.
The website is promoted to more than 20,000 readers and enables you to promote your products and services to this audience of senior decision makers.
There are various options to advertise on the website from digital creative to targeted online campaigns – solutions for all types and sizes of business.
See how W&ED can help you today by contacting Haydon Rainsford for our media pack or using the form below.Photo by Phylicia Ghee for Live Baltimore
Things to Do
You won’t be bored.
Spend a morning at the Maryland Zoo or the National Aquarium before heading to your choice of neighborhood festival and then dinner with friends. Visit any of our 20+ pools and then grab an ice cream cone at a local creamery. Rainy day? How about a stop at one of our 22 Enoch Pratt Free Library branches—one of the oldest free public library systems in the United States? The possibilities are literally endless for Baltimore City residents.
In every part of the city, you can find a gem to celebrate. From a mural tour in East Baltimore, to Honfest, to Flicks on the Hill, Baltimore has something for everyone (and lots of things for those of us on a budget)! – Kim Lillig, Mount Vernon Resident
Tour your own town.
Whether you’re into art, history, theater, or play, Baltimore has more than enough ways to pass a rainy day.
Free and low-cost museums abound in our fair city, as do kid-friendly classics like the National Aquarium, the Maryland Science Center and Port Discovery Children’s Museum. There’s nothing like a staycation right in your own backyard!
- History buffs and baseball fans will delight in the Babe Ruth Birthplace Museum, in Ridgely’s Delight.
- Charles North‘s Parkway Theatre is home to the Maryland Film Festival each spring.
- Climb aboard in Pigtown at the B&O Railroad Museum.
Babe Ruth’s Birthplace in Ridgely’s Delight
Get out and get active.
The Baltimore City Department of Recreation & Parks offers a huge variety of indoor and outdoor recreation activities.
- 18 public parks and trails account for approximately 6,000 acres of parkland, trails and public space.
- 12 recreational facilities offer activities ranging from skateboarding, studying plant species, boating and much more!
- 28 swim facilities offer the public a chance to get active and escape the summer. Swim lessons are also available.
- Baltimore’s Waterfront Promenade includes almost eight miles of walking, biking and jogging space along Baltimore’s beautiful harbor.
Lake Montebello’s Mile-Plus Fitness Loop
Grab a book.
Whether you’re interested in checking out a book, taking advantage of free Internet or attending one of many free events offered throughout the year, visit one of the Enoch Pratt Free Library branches around Baltimore City.
- The Enoch Pratt Free Library is one of the oldest free public library systems in the United States.
- The system currently includes 22 neighborhood branches.
- Across its branches, the Library hosts hundreds of free events each year.
Baltimore City’s Central Library
Fest with friends.
From food festivals celebrating the city’s best eats to cultural festivals, including AFRAM, Latinofest, Ukrainian, Greek, Russian, and Polish festivals— there’s an event for every resident’s taste in Baltimore City.
Baltimore summers bring movie nights and the largest free arts festival in the country and winter presents your chance to sample Glühwein and ice skate at the Inner Harbor.
Neighborhood gatherings like the Abell Community Street Fair, Remfest, Hampdenfest and the Locust Point Festival offer a chance to meet your neighbors while the Baltimore Running Festival takes you on a tour of our beautiful city by foot. Make sure to head to the top of Federal Hill each spring to catch the start of the Kinetic Sculpture Race, when human-powered amphibious sculptures race from Federal Hill to Patterson Park before hopping into the harbor.
- Honfest in Hampden is as Baltimore as it gets, Hon.
- Charm City Night Market in Downtown is reviving Baltimore’s historic Chinatown.
- Defenders Day Weekend in Locust Point offers a spectacular fireworks display.
- The Great Halloween Lantern Parade in Patterson Park has kicked off Halloween for more than 20 years.
- SoWeBo Arts and Music Festival in Hollins Market brings together local music, local visual artists and entertainers, great food, community.
It wouldn't be the Annual Pigtown Festival without pig races.
Have more questions about things to do in Baltimore City?
We’re here to help. Send us an email or call 410-637-3750 for one-on-one assistance.As a young country girl, Lee Renata was raised and taught by her parents to work hard, have integrity and give freely to others.Throughout her life, these have been foundational principles that governed Lee towards success.
For over twenty years, Lee has lead change and transformation programmes across all types of industries including communication, manufacturing, health and education.
Lee is a highly sort after consultant whose finely tuned sense of perception is trusted and relied on by executive teams to navigate their business through change.
Her research from hundreds of deep dive interviews discovered that organisations and individuals commonly fail to achieve their potential because they lack the ability to listen. They also have no way to effectively develop their listening and communication skills.
Coupled with her passion and dedication to help people grow, Lee was inspired to develop ‘The Five Levels of Listening' methodology. This listening methodology has been applied in businesses and personal coaching to improve listening and communication across all types of industries and circumstances.
2022 MotorTrend Car of the Year: Behind the Scenes
This is our second successive unusual MotorTrend Car of the Year contest. Once again, judges, photographers, videographers, and support staff were subjected to nasal swabs and remaining socially distanced outdoors in 90-plus-degree heat, and we all suffered the indignity of not sharing Costco-sized jugs of candy with one another.
Stranger still? The skinny field of new cars competing for MotorTrend‘s Golden Calipers. Our entry criteria are generous: Vehicles must go on sale by the first of the year, cost less than $150,000, and be either all-new or significantly updated or refreshed—typically with a powertrain change.
Just 16 contenders and finalists—represented by 25 individual variants—fit into that box this year, which says more about the state of the American car market than it does the pandemic. After all, the 2022 SUV of the Year group was bigger than ever amid the same health crisis and industry shortages. Tell us if you’ve heard this one: Trucks and SUVs now gobble up a greater share of new vehicle sales, so automakers are creating fewer new sedans, hatchbacks, coupes, and minivans. So here’s how things went at one of the smallest Car of the Year contests we can recall:
Judges arrived at the initial walkaround briefings on each of the contenders and immediately glommed onto the Karma GS-6. Once upon a time, this now decade-old, homemade-feeling, big-wheeled concept for the road was the Fisker Karma, the plug-in series hybrid that debuted for 2011 and flamed out one year later. Company ownership has changed and so has the car’s gasoline engine, and its EV-only range has nearly doubled. But it’s essentially the same showboat. That it functions at all feels like a coup. Buyer’s guide director Zach Gale summed it up best: “Honestly, I was expecting worse.”
OK, the Karma isn’t saving cars as a species. Surely the new Lucid Air, an electric engineering marvel reaching years into the future, takes up that mantle? It’s popular at the walkaround, with everyone poking and prodding its cushy interior and exploring its cavernous and clever storage solutions. Maybe there’s hope yet for vehicles that don’t ride high like bloated family trucksters. And hey, this new Honda Civic isn’t bad, either, plus it’s way less expensive than one of those similarly equipped SUVs of similar size.
The next day, judges hopped behind the wheels, sampling cars on the Hyundai California Proving Ground’s large vehicle dynamics area, high-speed oval, handling course, and special surfaces section and its horrifying array of broken pavement and punishing expansion joints. Other than the hot weather—hey, it’s the desert in mid-September—not much out of the ordinary transpired. A few judges had odd experiences with the Lucid, starting with being locked out; repeated swipes of the key card on the door pillar failed to open it. Pressing the button on the included fob also didn’t work. The problems faded and the driving continued.
There was another half a day before we wrapped up our proving ground drives ahead of the judges’ sit-down to select finalists. It was once again hot, both literally and figuratively. Executive editor Mac Morrison learned firsthand that the Karma’s phone holder, designed a decade ago, isn’t sized for modern smartphones. His iPhone got stuck in the cubby, with no extra space to reach in and grab it by its sides. Luckily, it was lunch time; an incredulous Morrison paused to eat a taco as staff photographer Brandon Lim pried his phone loose with a plastic fork.
Not long after, the Volkswagen Golf GTI suffered a blowout on one of the rough road course’s brutal sunken manhole covers. Technical director Frank Markus insisted he was driving normally. We believe him; the VW’s stiff ride had caught other judges’ attention. We knew it was a matter of when, not if one of those low-profile tires on one or more of the cars died. After jacking up the left side and pulling the front wheel, which bent while the tire suffered a sidewall failure, and sweeping it off to a local tire shop for repair, we remounted it only to realize the front right tire was flat, too.
The double failure derailed nothing, as the GTI and its higher-output and more expensive Golf R sibling were among the first cars ruled out of contention for the finalist round. Digital director Erik Johnson, a lifelong GTI fan, initiated the mercy killing at the outset of the finalist selection. Besides their bouncy, overly firm rides, both Golfs’ inscrutable touch-sensitive controls and oddly organized touchscreens sealed their fates.
After the finalists shook out—there weren’t many surprise cuts beyond the VWs—we kicked off two days of real-world drive loops outside Tehachapi, California. General mayhem was on the wane. Several editors bemoaned the Toyota GR 86’s loudness and ride, but it likely had something to do with their cycling out of the Mercedes-Benz EQS and Lucid Air electric luxury sedans, as well as the benchmark S-Class. All three—a third of our finalist field—delivered soothing silence and adept seat massagers.
Finally, after two long days of real-world driving loops, we sat down to crown a winner. It wasn’t an easy choice, and it took several hours to agree upon the result. The chosen vehicle might surprise you.
See Also:
2022 MotorTrend Car of the Year Contenders | Finalists | Winner
2022 MotorTrend SUV of the Year Contenders | Finalists | Winner
Source: Read Full Article<html> <head> <meta http- </head> <body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF"> <p>My apologies for the delay in advising about the summer schedule. Just about the time of the scheduled June meeting, several things happened. First, after some discussion, we decided to cancel meetings for the summer months -too many of us have other plans and commitments, and attendance has been very low. I did manage to update the website 'meeting' page to show that in June, but neglected to notify (warn) everyone that I had done so. I was out of town myself the day of the previously-scheduled June meeting.</p> <p>Second, I encountered computer problems with the computer I use to update the website -I had to re-install everything from a backup, and that did not go well -although I finally succeeded yesterday. To be honest, it was not that difficult, just time-consuming, and life tends to have many other demands on my time.</p> <p>The website now shows that the July and August, 2019 previously-scheduled meetings have been cancelled (for the summer) and the Wednesday, September 25th meeting will be the next scheduled meeting. Meetings have also been scheduled for Tuesday, October 22nd, and Wednesday, November 27th.</p> <p>As you have been told before:</p> <pre><font size="+1"><font size="+2"><b>Guests are welcome</b>. </font></font></pre> <pre><font size="+1"><b> </b><b> Our website meeting page is: </b><b><a class="moz-txt-link-freetext" href=""></a></b></font></pre> <font size="+1">The meeting page of the website</font><font size="+1"> shows scheduled meeting dates, but <b>we do not yet have any topics.</b> </font><br> <font size="+1"> </font> <pre><font size="+1"><font size="+2"> <b>You are encouraged to attend, as are all HCC and NSLUG members, and to contact me and bring up any topics on which you would like information, </b><b> </b><b>or on which you would like to volunteer to provide information, or suggest a meeting topic, for September or any future meetings</b></font><b> </b></font></pre> <pre><font size="+1"><font size="+2">We meet near the end of each month (except in December) at Sobeys on the corner of Windsor and North Streets, in the Community Room on the second floor. There is an accessible lift which is usually available </font></font><font size="+1"><font size="+2"><font size="+1"><font size="+2"> for those with mobility problems -if you require it, and it is locked or </font></font> is otherwise out of service, check with the Courtesy Desk -they are usually very helpful, but we really can't guarantee it. </font></font><font size="+1"><b> </b><b> Frank Geitzler</b></font></pre> </body> </html>Escorts FY11 net profit at 120.1 Crore
Annual sales up 17 per cent at 3210.1 crore
EBIDTA at 174.5 crore
New Delhi, November 28, 2011: Escorts Limited today reported a rise in Net Sales by 17% at Rs 3,210 crore in the financial year 2010-11as against Rs 2,745 crore in the previous year. The company reported a Net Profit of Rs120.1 crore for the financial year 2010-11 ending September 30, 2011. This is against a net profit of Rs 137.5 crore in the previous fiscal. EBIDTA stood at Rs 174.5 crore in the current fiscal. Total expenditure saw a rise of 20 per cent, largely on account of a 24 per cent increase in material cost due to inflationary pressures. Escorts Limited follows an October-September fiscal year..
Speaking on the results, Chairman and Managing Director Mr. Rajan Nanda said, ."
Mr. Nanda further said, "At the same time, Escorts Constructions."
Wholly owned subsidiary Escorts Construction Equipment Ltd (ECEL) has been recording a CAGR of 10% and is projected to register a 45 per cent increase in net sales for the year 2011-12.
Mr. Nikhil Nanda, Joint Managing Director said, ."
The audited accounts of 2010-11 ending September 2011 has been approved by the Board of Escorts Limited.N.etricians and Gynecologists, the Society of Laparoendoscopic Surgeons, the Tennessee Medical Association, and the Hamilton County Medical Society, and she serves on the Obstetrics Advisory Board of Erlanger East Medical Center.About five™ Hemp
Setting the
new standard for Hemp
The Hemp revolution should be called the hemp extract revolution. Sure, Hemp is incredibly powerful, but there is so much more to it.
And for many, that is where Full Spectrum Hemp comes in. Except, it hasn't. For a product to be truly Full Spectrum, it needs to include meaningful amounts of phytocannabinoids, flavonoids, and minor hemp compounds. Most companies use isolate to increase the amount of Hemp in their products, thereby diluting every other part of the hemp extract.
Our name five™ comes from our commitment to the entire parts of the hemp plant. With a 5:1 ratio of Hemp to minor hemp compounds, you will get the full power of the hemp plant. That means some of the world's highest quality hemp with quite the ensemble behind it.
We do it differently and you're going to feel the difference.
Most companies use isolate to increase the amount of hemp in their products, thereby diluting every other part of the hemp extract. We do it differently and you're going to feel the difference.
fair pricing
direct to you
By going directly from the farm to you, we are able to cut out expenses that so many retail companies face. There are no retailer mark ups, fancy corporate office, or distributor commissions.
With five™, you are able to get incredibly powerful products that will make your wallet feel good and you even better.
grown hemp
Sourced from the best hemp farms in the US, five™ Hemp has the most stringent standards for our suppliers.
CGMP, and 3rd Party Lab Tested - what some call exceptional, we call the bare minimum to work with us.
Learn more about the requirements to work with five™ Hemp.
five™ Hemp Products
are Full Spectrum
which means that they are made to optimally facilitate the Entourage Effect.
The Walt Disney World Vacation Guide was a regular Disney offering for years in the pre-Internet days. A comprehensive guide to everything in the resort, with color photographs and details about each on the Disney resorts, as well as shopping, dining, recreation, and more.
This issue was published in 1980 and includes a 12 page Vacation Information packet stapled inside the center of the large color brochure. There is a mention of the soon to be completed Big Thunder Mountain Railroad inside the guide, and one of the more visually interesting maps of the full resort in the back of the magazine.LIVE HEALTHY & WELL
HIV
It’s a new day! With treatment, HIV can be reduced to very low, often undetectable, levels. This means better health and prevents transmission. PrEP offers extra protection for those without HIV.Learn More
Hepatitis
More than 2.4 million people in the U.S. are living with Hepatitis C, a viral infection that affects the liver. A cure is now available with prescription treatment. There is a vaccine for another form of the virus, Hepatitis B.Learn More
Other STDs
STDs are very common. Many show no symptoms. Left untreated STDs can cause serious health issues. Often people don’t know they have one. The good news is all STDs, including HIV, are treatable and many are curable.Learn More
Don’t have health insurance?
Find out about Medicaid eligibility and other options for getting covered in Louisiana.
Access to medication and other support services for people living with HIV is available through the Louisiana Health Access Program and the Ryan White Program.
The Louisiana Department of Health’s STD/HIV/Hepatitis Program (SHHP) coordinates a number of statewide and regional programs designed to prevent HIV and other STDs, to ensure the availability of quality medical and social services for HIV infected and affected individuals, and to track the impact of the epidemic in Louisiana.
Sand.Jun 21, 2013 Mining Equipment limestone quarries in california Print. limestone quarries in california. Posted at June 21, 2013[ 4.7 - 3524 Ratings] In addition to our quarry, we specialize in Santa Barbara sandstone, limestone, rhyolite, and granite. All stone products are extracted,.China Stone Crusher manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Stone Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Construction Machine, Mining Equipment suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China.com. quarry mining equipment .Stone Quarry Crushing Plant Design. Crushing plant is very important in stone quarry operations. A well designed stone quarrycrushing plant layout balances the capital and operating cost over mine life. Buildings, infrastructure, and main equipment, represent the major cost elements of a crushing plant.Sandstone Quarry Machine in sandstone - Mining Equipment Sandstone is really a sedimentary rock, composed chiefly associated with sand size mineral or rock and roll grains. Most is made of quartz sandstone and or.SHUINAN Double-blade Mining Machine. Type Quarry Machines Double Blade Mining Machine. $18500-30000. Warranty 6 Months. Usage Granite, Marble, Limestone, Quartzite, Sandstone. Machinery Function Features 1.This machine adopts the new all-wheel-drive walking mechanism,needn’t daily maintenance.
Sandstone Extraction From Quarry Process Prompt Caesar is a famous mining equipment manufacturer well-known both at home and abroad major in producing stone crushing equipment mineral separation equipment limestone grinding equipment etc.Mar 29, 2016 stone crushers are cone crusher jaw.Sandstone cone crusher with high-efficiency and hydraulic pressure is widely used in mining, concrete factory, sandstone making, etc. The machinery's pressure resistance strength is under 350 Mpa. And they are widely suitable for primary crushing of many kinds of mining.
Marble Quarry Mining Crusher In Sudan Crusher. Marble Quarry Mining Crusher Granite.Bestselling mining equipment Sandstone equipment O..
Stone Mining Equipment or stone quarry machine manufacturing equipment The stone mining process . The ore mining procedure adopting mechanical technique is . manufacturing process of stone Quarry. Capricorn Sandstone Manufacturing Process. Manufacturing Process We have our own manufacturing plant located at the quarry. At the.Gosford Quarries (GQ) has over 100 years of experience in the stonemasonry industry. Natural Australian sandstone is one of the most sought after building materials in the country. View Details Send Enquiry quarry and mining business for sale. Aug 31, 2018路 granite quarry mining business offers 222 quarry granite blocks price products.The Wadena County Sheriff's Office shared Wednesday, Nov. 24, that Level 3 predatory offender Michael Lustila moved to an address in rural Wadena on Nov. 9, 2021.
A more exact address for Lustila within Wadena County was not provided. It was not shared where Lustila moved from, though he has previously lived in Menahga.
Michael Lustila, age 62, has a history of sexual contact with an unknown and known adult females. Contact has included sexual touching and penetration. Lustila approached one female in a public setting and took advantage of her vulnerable state to gain compliance. Lustila gained access to another female while at a care facility.
Lustila was released back in December of 2020 when his sentence expired.
According to a new release from the Wadena County Sheriff's Office, they released this information pursuant to Minnesota Statutes 244.052 and 253D. These statutes authorizes law enforcement agencies to inform the public of a public registrant's release from prison or a secure treatment facility when the Wadena County Sheriff's Office believes that the release of information will enhance public safety and protection.
The individual who appears on this notification has been convicted of Criminal Sexual Conduct or another offense that requires registration with law enforcement pursuant to Minnesota Statutes 243.166 or 243.167.
This individual has served the sentence imposed on them by the court and is transitioning into the community. This notification is not intended to increase fear but rather raise awareness. Law enforcement believes that an informed public is a safer public.
The Wadena County Sheriff's Office may not direct where this individual does or does not reside, nor can this agency direct where he/she works or goes to school. Those convicted of sexual or predatory offenses individual is unacceptable and such acts could be charged as a crime. Such abuses could potentially end the ability of law enforcement to provide these notifications.
The Wadena County Sheriff's Office is available to provide you with useful information on personal safety. They may be reached at 218-631-7600. To report criminal activity by this registrant or any other individual, please call 911.Paper Title :Prospectives of Fishery Waste-Chitosan for Waste Water Treatment
Author :Suneetakumari, Sri Hari Kumarannamareddy, Abanti Sahoo
Article Citation :Suneetakumari ,Sri Hari Kumarannamareddy ,Abanti Sahoo ,
(2018 ) " Prospectives of Fishery Waste-Chitosan for Waste Water Treatment " ,
International Journal of Advances in Science, Engineering and Technology(IJASEAT) ,
pp. 31-34,
Volume-6,Issue-1,Special Issue - 1. The
characterization techniques such as Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) , X-ray powder diffraction (XRD) ,
scanning electron microscope(SEM) and Thermal gravimetric analysis(TGA) are analyzed for the synthesized membrane.
The performance of membranes such as flux, rejection, and pore size are also checked. The synthesized membrane is used
for thetreatment of steel industry waste water whereBiochemical oxygen demand (BOD), Chemical oxygen demand(COD),
pH, colour, Total dissolved solids(TDS), Total suspended solids(TSS) , Electrical conductivity(EC) and Turbidity aspects are
analysed.
Keywords- Fish scale, Chitosan , Treatment of industrial effluents and membrane.
Type : Research paperEver since our brand appeared, MBH has provided thousands of fitness clubs with satisfactory services and supports. We unite with our clientele to create a Chinese fitness market, and gain respects within this fitness field.
In 2010, MBH obtained a 32% market share, in accordance with a third party survey of Chinese fitness market made by China Fit. At the same time, we received a good reputation in terms of our product recognition within the fitness industry.
Our R&D team always perseveres in very high standards within this industry. As a high-quality team, our R&D department is composed of mechanical engineers, biomechanical experts, and industrial modeling engineers, among others.
Over 50% of technical workers have a rich work experience in the same field for more than 3 years. They are committed to increasing the technical index during practice, for the purpose of making our customer satisfaction HIGH. Actually, the goal we are focusing on is always higher than customer standard.
The sales group is made up of professionally trained staff. The important indicator of their routine performance is customer satisfaction. Therefore, users can benefit service, efficiency, satisfaction and professionalism from MBH.
MBH advocates Humanized Management Concept, and never stops pursuing high standards to cultivate the Pyramid Management System of our company. Ninety percent of members in our management team are of Bachelor degree. This team is ambitious, efficient, pragmatic, and sophisticated. It makes our company innovative and indispensable.
Our management team is formed by numerous professional experts in fitness field. If our team is assumed to be blood, then our DNA will comprise morality, passion, professionalism, management experiences, plus successful cases.Megan Starr Says ‘ESG Investing is Just Investing’ – Greenwich Economic Forum
Contributed by: Show Editorial Team
Megan Starr Head of Principal & Impact for Carlyle Group with Matt Bird at Greenwich Economic Forum (Greenwich, CT)
When we think about the word “sustainability” in America, Megan Starr says many of us think about people wearing Birkenstocks dancing around a campfire. But Starr, the Head of Principle and Impact for The Carlyle Group, said sustainability literally means “the ability to persist overtime.”
That’s the lens through which Starr—and The Carlyle Group—view ESG (Environmental Social Governance) Investing. In her mind, ESG Investing doesn’t just have to be do-good investing. It can also add material value to any portfolio. After all, an investment that shows long-term promise is a sound investment.
“At The Carlyle Group, we are in the business of buying good companies and making them great companies, and as we think about the next few decades, great companies create sustainable economic value,” Starr told Matt Bird, host of the Traders Network Show, at the 2019 Greenwich Economic Forum.
Starr said the public sector could be a great help to private investors, especially in the ESG space.
“Nonprofit organizations have incredible data and incredible resources, because that’s what they have built their careers and their organizations around. The challenge is how do you translate that into investment application?” Starr said.
Starr offered climate change as an example that private investors are concerned about. She said many NGOs have done excellent work mapping out sea-level rise and weather-related events, which private investors could use to assess the security of a given business’s supply chain. The relative security of that supply chain could absolutely influence investment decisions.
Another example Starr offered was energy investing. Adding solar and wind to your portfolio doesn’t have to mean immediately abandoning current energy sources. It’s all about planning for the future, she said.
“The energy transition is happening, but it’s going to happen over the next 20, 30, 40 years,” Starr told Bird. “So how do you prepare for the future while still making prudent decisions today?”
As with any financial decision, ESG investing is about weighing the risk versus possible return, Starr said.
“ESG Investing is just investing. So how do apply the same level of rigor that you take to any other investing question? It’s another lens of looking at risk and return opportunities in a changing world,” she said. “With ESG investing, it’s possible to do well, you just have to put the same level of rigor to it.””Wanderlei Silva has become synonymous with his YouTube videos in the last year r so. Usually, there’s mood lighting and loud music and often he’s yelling at you. His newest video is out, and it’s more subdued than most have been. You can watch it above, but if you just want the key quotes, read on.
Silva actually wants to work for the commission:
This commission should have a professional athlete working there. I am available to work together with the commission to create clear laws that give the athletes the proper respect. The athletes deserve more respect.
On the Nevada Athletic Commission in light of them giving Nick Diaz a five year suspension for a questionable marijuana test failure:
The NSAC has made so many mistake. It shouldn’t be allowed to punish someone just like that. Especially for such a long time. That practically ends a fighter’s career. It’s very cloudy and unclear.?
For what it’s worth:
1. Silva fled from a drug test (which is always considered equivalent to a failure) and later admitted to taking a banned diuretic. He claimed the diuretic was being used to reduce swelling in his hand from an injury, not as a masking agent. His appeal was successful because he was banned for life. On that note…
2. His appeal was in Nevada State Supreme Court, not the United States Supreme Court.
Silva also voiced his opinion on the USADA ban on I.V. rehydration after weigh-ins, though it seems like he thinks it’s a NAC rule:
Another law that was approved now that does not help athletes in any way [is that] now athletes are not allowed to use an IV, Do you know what’s the impact of this law? The brain damage caused by each hit will be much worse than if you were properly hydrated. The IV has no anabolic effects. These are not laws to actually protect and support athletes. This is part of all the oppression suffered by athletes. We are being crushed in so many ways that we’re realizing that if we don’t unite we will be finished.
He’s not wrong on the facts here. Still, the WADA code that USADA abides by bans I.V. rehydration because it can be used to mask banned substances, mess with their “biological passport” testing, and promotes excessive weight cutting. The concern that Silva and many others have is that the last one will make the sport sport dangerous because fighters will cut the same amount of weight, rehydrate orally, and come into a fight less hydrated. Dehydration also temporarily reduces levels of fluid around the brain, and better hydration helps, though the fluid doesn’t fully replenish in the day between weigh-ins and the fights regardless.What is managed hosting?
Managed hosting is a service where your hosting provider manages all aspects of your dedicated server, including the monitoring and maintenance of the hardware, operating system, and all supported applications.
Free reboots and data backups are also included with virtually all managed hosting plans.
How do I know if I need managed hosting?
If you're currently on a shared hosting plan, you're already using managed hosting. You won't have to concern yourself with the managed hosting decision until your website grows to the point where you realize that you need a dedicated server.
In a nutshell, you'll need a dedicated server when your site has grown to the point where site performance is noticeably sluggish and your site begins to hog the server's resources. This is often brought to your attention with a call or email from your hosting company.
Dedicated servers are just that: a server that is dedicated to your website and yours alone. If your account doesn't include managed hosting, you'll be responsible for the monitoring and maintenance of your server all by yourself. You'll either have to have the expertise to do it yourself or hire someone who does (which is quite expensive).
A managed hosting account on the other hand includes professional monitoring and maintenance of the system by skilled hosting company personnel. This allows you to concentrate on what you do best: growing your website.
What do I need to consider when shopping for a managed hosting provider?
You should consider the following issues when comparing managed hosting plans:
More Interesting Articles
RLROUSE.com is a participant
in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising
program
designed to provide a means
for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.[ad_1]
The 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo are just four months away, and the International Olympic Committee addressed the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic on Sunday, stating it will look at options to continue the Games, but canceling them altogether is not one of them.
The IOC on Sunday published a statement on its website that emphasized canceling the 2020 Summer Olympics would not resolve any issues.
“Cancellation of the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 would not solve any of the problems or help anybody. Therefore, cancellation is not on the agenda,” the IOC stated.
The Summer Olympics take place every four years in a host city, and it takes years of planning and preparation for the city and country to hold such a large-scale event. Then there are the participating countries, which schedule their national championships and world championships around the Olympic schedule.
The novel COVID-19, also known as coronavirus, was first discovered in Wuhan, China, and the virus quickly spread in China, then South Korea, other eastern Asian countries and eventually around the globe. Sports in America have come to a standstill because of the coronavirus, and just this week, the chief executives of USA Swimming and USA Track and Field have written letters to the USA’s national committee, each urging for them to lobby for postponing the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Photo by Tomohiro Ohsumi/Getty Images
The IOC’s executive board met this weekend, and on Sunday stated they were “stepping up scenario-planning” for the Tokyo 2020 Games, which includes a possible postponement.
“These scenarios relate to modifying existing operational plans for the Games to go ahead on 24 July 2020, and also for changes to the start date of the Games,” the IOC wrote on its website. .”
The IOC said a number of venues for the Tokyo Games could possibly not be available, and that international schedules for 33 worldwide events would have to be altered. Then there are millions of nights of hotel rooms already booked. Those would have to be changed as well.
“It would need the full commitment and cooperation of the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee and the Japanese authorities, and of all the International Federations (IFs) and National Olympic Committees (NOCs),” the IOC said. “It would also require commitment from, and collaboration with, the Rights-Holding Broadcasters (RHBs) and our TOP Partner sponsors, as part of their continued and valued support to the Olympic Movement, as well as cooperation from all the Games’ partners, suppliers and contractors.”.
[ad_2]
Read more…Hackers working together to support Puerto Rico
We jump in to help friends, family and communities in Puerto Rico with communication support and power.
We jump in to help friends, family and communities in Puerto Rico with communication support and power.
Going through transactions for the past seven years was incredibly enlightening. So many people pitched in to help us. It's stunning and humbling.
Our X-Carve has travelled the world and is getting lots of folks excited about making, design, and tech.
See how HFC is taking kids from rural Uganda and kickstarting them with robotics skills. Our goal is no less than the VEX world championship!
We ran an amazing tech expo in Jinja! Parents, teachers and students left "simply amazed".
One of the primary goals of Hackers for Charity is [...]
What an amazing week at Derbycon 6.0 “Recharge”! I wasn’t [...]
Big announcement for the Long family! We are moving back [...]
A great story about a young woman "helped up" from awful, unforgiving circumstances.
Goal Zero (solar) really went above and beyond to help out our work in Uganda!TAGLENS - Ultra-deep-focus
Metrology Services
Our Resource Center is your dedicated source for metrology literature, case studies, webinars and videos.
Complimentary Virtual Metrology Software Programs
Mitutoyo > Quick Guide to Precision Measuring Instruments
This literature is an educational guide to the basic technical information associated with a variety of Mitutoyo precision tools and instruments.Syntactical
Blogging in 2020
Updated: Apr 28, 2020
For me, blogging is a gift. It’s an opportunity to express my thoughts/feelings/opinions for a couple of paragraphs, without pressure. It’s a sort of online diary. As long as I’m enjoying the process, I’m happy.
Although I love to blog for the sake of blogging, I also know that blogs are essential in the world of digital marketing.
In a changing world, it might feel like we’ve moved on from blogging. But we believe a good blog is as relevant as ever when it comes to creating and maintaining a customer base.
How can you make sure your blogs are working as hard as they can to market your brand?
1. Headings and Subheadings
The eyes of those browsing your website will be drawn to headings and subheadings far more easily and quickly than to large blocks of text. Keep subsections short, snappy and interesting, and you’re far more likely to keep potential customers on your page.
2. Introductions
On average, a person spends 10 seconds on a website. A killer introduction will encourage people to carry on reading, and see your website leave the average in the dust.
3. Keywords
The use of keywords within blog posts is essential for SEO. If you want to rank highly in Google search results, you should be making use of them.
That said, try to keep keywords simple, and slot them casually into sentences. Though they’re important, overuse will negatively impact reader experience.
4. TOV
Particularly when you are writing for an external blog, or when multiple people are creating blog posts for the same brand, consistency when it comes to tone of voice is imperative. Readers shouldn’t feel jarred from post to post.
5. Images and Links
The inclusion of images in your blogs will break up the text in the same way that headings and subheadings do. Make sure that images are relevant and appropriate, of course.
The inclusion of links, particularly to internal web pages, can be really helpful. Your reader is far more likely to take a look at the services you offer when they’re just a click away.
At Syntactical, we believe that, in 2020, blogs are as relevant as ever. When it comes to optimising the performance of your blog, it’s important to stay on top of the latest information.
If you have any questions, or need help transforming your company’s blog, please don’t hesitate to contact us. We would be delighted to work with you.
Lily xA deep quilted mattress which gives a medium support and a supportive sleeping environment. The Oriel Divan Bed by La Romantica is covered in a stitchbond fabric and features a 13.5g open coil spring system. Great for people who need a good bed but are on a tight budget. Sits on a platform base, with various storage options available.
Headboard not included.
Specifications:
- Open Coil
- 13.5 Gauge Unit
- 18cm Deep Mattress
- Non Turn
- Stitchbond Fabric
- Platform base
- Various Storage Options.My Cart
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
Description
The Obagi Skin Calming Lotion is an effective, non-irritating formula which provides the skin with superior moisture and repair, leaving the skin soft and supple. It improves and reduces rough textures of the skin, blotchiness, and uneven tone. Ideal for all skin types, this product has been clinically proven to reduce visible signs of rosacea and other skin imperfections by 88% by week 12 of usage.
Products You May Like
Obagi C Cleansing Gel 6 oz
$38.50
Sale Price: $28.88
Sale Price: $28.88
Obagi Daily Care Foaming Cleanser 4 oz
$36.00
Sale Price: $27.50
Sale Price: $27.50
Obagi Nu-Derm Toner 6.7 oz
$39.50
Sale Price: $29.99
Sale Price: $29.99
Obagi Gentle Rejuvenation Soothing Cleanser 6.7 oz
$39.50
Sale Price: $28.12
Sale Price: $28.12
Obagi Decolletage System For Chest and Neck
$193.00
Sale Price: $144.75
Sale Price: $144.75
Obagi Therapeutic Lotion BPO 5% 1.6 oz
$74.00
Sale Price: $55.50
Sale Price: $55.50
Comment on FacebookJump to: Shibuya Highlights / What To Do / What To Eat / Getting Here / Map
Shibuya is famous for being the playground for the young and hip in Tokyo, but caters to people from all walks of life when it comes to entertainment! It has it all: Great night life, trendy places to dine, as well as seemingly endless shopping options.
Shibuya is a great place to stay if you want to experience the Tokyo night life. And we have loads of recommendations for places to eat here – it’s one of our favourite areas!
Shibuya
Shibuya is a busy shopping and entertainment precinct that attracts a younger crowd but also has its mature side. While Harajuku is home to Tokyo’s alternative youth culture, Shibuya is fairly mainstream by comparison. You might see the occasional girls wandering around in outrageous kawaii Little Bo Beep outfits and dudes in anime cosplay (“costume play”) get-ups, but not like you do in Harajuku!
Shibuya is a great location to base yourself for your visit to Tokyo particularly if you want to immerse yourself in Tokyo nightlife. Step outside your hotel and you’ll have endless options for places to eat and drink in every direction, and a buzzing vibe that comes alive at night through to the late hours!
Is Shibuya safe at night?
Much like the rest of Japan, Shibuya is safe at night and there’s no areas to avoid. Behave yourself, observe local laws and you’ll be absolutely fine – Japan is one of the safest countries in the world to travel!
RecipeTin Highlights
Witness the world-famous Shibuya Crossing in action – Reputedly the busiest pedestrian intersection in the world! Visit at evening peak hours, particularly on Friday to see it at its busiest, a perfect time to start any evening out in Shibuya.
Stroll Centre Gai – This pedestrian strip is packed with eateries and fashion shopping that is the heart of Shibuya, pumping with people all day and night.
Have a night out in Shibuya – This is one of the best areas for a night out on the town! We have heaps of great restaurant recommendations (see below). After gorging yourself, settle into an izakaya for a long night on the sake and beer, and find your second stomach for yet more nibbles!
One especially for dog lovers! Read the tear-jerking story below then go and visit the Hachiko dog statue …
What to do in Shibuya
Shibuya crossing
For visitors to Shibuya, one of the main tick boxes is to witness the famous Shibuya crossing (above). With each light change hundreds of people calmly cross the intersection at once in multiple directions like a large, carefully choreographed flashmob. The best places to watch the crossing are from Shibuya station or from the second floor of the Starbucks opposite the crossing.
The best time to go to the Shibuya Crossing is after 5pm, Monday to Friday. This is when it is at its busiest, and night time is an especially mesmerising time to watch the black-haired human swarm against the backdrop of glaring billboards and neon signs.
Center Gai
Crossing the Shibuya intersection, you will find yourself naturally following the crowds into Center Gai (センター街), which literally means “center street”. This narrow street is full of fast food outlets, cheap fashion outlets, clubs and bars, and is the beating heart of Shibuya for the youth demographic. While older visitors may find things of limited interest, it’s worth rubbernecking and if you happen to be hungry there are plenty of good eating options in this part of Shibuya.
Is Shibuya or Shinjuku better to stay at?
I often get asked the question of whether Shibuya or Shinjuku is better! Firstly, they are both on the western side of Tokyo only 5 minutes apart by train so you can easily visit both. Both also offer good access to Tokyo’s main sights on the rail network.
Shinjuku is larger and has more of everything (food, bars, night spots, shopping) and also caters to the wealthier with a number of high end stores. Shibuya is like a smaller version of Shinjuku and caters more to the younger, “trendier” crowd so it has a slightly different vibe.
Both are great! If you are trying to decide which to stay in and you are a first time visitor to Tokyo, I would recommend Shibuya because Shinjuku can be a bit daunting if you aren’t a confident traveller!
Hachiko statue (famous Shibuya dog statue)
Getting off the subway at Shibuya station you will see signs for the “Hachiko” station exit. Outside this exit is a statue first built in the 1930s in honour of a dog named Hachiko.
The story goes as follows: Hachiko is remembered for his loyalty to his master, a professor whom he would greet at Shibuya station at the end of each day upon the professor’s return from work. His master died suddenly one day, never to arrive at the station again.
For the next nine years however, Hachiko faithfully returned to the station at the same time each day to wait in vain for his master, until eventually Hachiko himself also passed away. 😢
The poignant story of Hachiko is well-known in Japanese culture, and the statue commemorates both Hachiko and the values of traditional family loyalty he represents. The statue and exit have also become a well-known meeting point for people.
Walk, eat and drink!
Shibuya is less about specific points of interest and more about ambling up and down streets, soaking up the energy of the area and immersing yourself in everything it has to offer.
Mid afternoon is a good time to visit. Have a stroll and maybe a bit of shop, then watch the area truly start to come alive as the sun sets. Neon signs and fairy-lit trees sparkle, and the crowds swell as Shibuya finds another gear.
Now’s a good time to settle in somewhere with your family or mates for a tasty dinner with a few drinks, wind down and enjoy just being here in one of Tokyo’s best-loved nightlife districts.
Best food and restaurants in Shibuya
Like most major hubs in Tokyo, pretty much any kind of food you can think of can be found in Shibuya. Below are some of our tastiest, most interesting and best finds!
YOSHOKU
In Japanese cuisine, yoshoku refers to Japanese-style Western food. That is, Western dishes that have been adapted over time to suit Japanese tastes by introducing Japanese ingredients and preparing the dish in particular way to create a uniquely Japanese versions of popular European dishes.
For first timers hearing about this, don’t discount this as a weird Japanese thing! Yoshoku is a common class of food in Japan and it’s so good, we decided to begin our Shibuya food list with yoshoku!
Rakeru is a yoshoku restaurant that has been around since the 1960s, with its kitschy interior and waitresses in cutesy maid uniforms that are apparently supposed to channel an Alice In Wonderland theme.
This establishment is famous for the yoshoku classic omurice (or Japanese shorthand for “omelettes on rice”). Here, immaculate omelettes are served over flavoured rice, with a sauce of some kind and additional toppings (even a hamburger patty) if desired. Other yoshoku dishes like roast chicken, roast beef, soup and the like are also available.
The quality of the food here is extraordinary. I still remember the taste of the jus (sauce) on those omelettes in the photo below. The flavour was so complex and rich, it would be right at home at a high end, Michelin star restaurant!
There’s also a range of generous desserts to finish – just in case a you’re feeling it’s a five-digit calorie kinda day.
Rakeru
Address: B1F 1 Chome-12-9 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Ikebukro, Shinjuku, etc.
Phone: +81 3 3407 9221
Open: 11:00-22:00 daily
Website (Japanese only)｜Tabelog page
SUSHI
If you’re looking for a sushi fix at cheap prices with a very Japanese technological twist, look no further than Genki Sushi, just off Center Gai. Using a touch screen menu (English available) you can order plates of sushi which are freshly made in a kitchen hidden from view.
Once ready, they are sent out to customers via a futuristic delivery system. Plates are whizzed directly from the kitchen to the customer on an automated railing system snaking around the restaurant. Novelty-value aside, there is a wide selection of sushi and the quality is very good for the price. We tried it for the first time on our last trip and we’re impressed with the whole package! There is one other branch in Tokyo, see below for details.
Genki Sushi
Address: 24-8 Udagawacho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo. Also at Itabashi-ku, Tokyo (Map).
Phone: +81 3 3461 1281
Open: 11:00-23:00 daily
Website｜Tabelog page
RAMEN
When many think of ramen, they think of the rich, pork-heavy tonkotsu broths of Hakata style ramen. Afuri is a highly regarded ramen restaurant chain known for their light, fragrant broths and delicious thin noodles. Their signature dish is yuzu ramen, a ramen with a broth made of chicken, fish and kombu, garnished with yuzu (Japanese citrus fruit).
When you order, you will need to specify noodle thickness and how much oil/fat you want in your ramen. If you don’t speak Japanese this might be hard when you’re asked, so just say “futsuu” which means “regular”. If you forget that then just shrug, look around anxiously like a helpless tourist and they’ll probably give you the default style. (The beauty of the ticket system is you’ve already paid so they have to give you something!)
We see they have expanded to quite a few restaurants over the years, testament to the popularity of their ramen. Branches can be found in Harajuku, Shinjuku, and many other locations around Tokyo.
Afuri
Address: 1F Grandeforesta, 3-63-1 Sendagaya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Ebisu, Roppongi, Shinjuku, etc..
Phone: +81 3 6430 1910 (no reservations)
Open: 11:00-23:30 daily
Website｜Tabelog page
Menya Musashi (Shibuya)
As far as the ramen scene in Tokyo goes, Menya Musashi is as famous as the legendary samurai (Musashi) after whom the restaurant chain is named after. Known for their rich, meat-and-fish-based broth and the hulking chunks of melt-in-the-mouth chashu pork, Menya Musashi is one of the iconic ramens of the city.
The standard Musashi Ramen is the most popular order, with soy and miso flavours offered. Also available is a tsukemen version, where the ramen noodles are served separately, to be dipped in a concentrated version of the broth before slurping them up. (Worth trying, but not our favourite ramen format to be honest.)
With 15 outlets across the city, getting yourself to a Menya Musashi is thankfully easier than ever. Still, expect to queue, as this is one of the most perpetually popular ramen chains around.
Menya Musashi
Address: 2 Chome-8-5 Dogenzaka, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Akihabara, Ueno, Ikebukuro, etc.
Phone: +81 3 3780 8634 (no reservations)
Open: 11:30-22:30 daily (closes 20:00 on first Monday in Feb/April/June/Aug/Oct/Dec)
Website｜Tabelog page
PARFAIT
Our family have long held an obsession with the Japanese fruit sundaes known as parfait (パフェ). Our mum often recalls to us she ate so much parfait during her Tokyo university days she became worryingly overweight at one point as a result.
Her self-control may have improved over the years, but the addiction never waned and if anything was passed on to the children: Getting a parfait hit is a family imperative on every trip to Japan.
Good parfait is not easy to find even in Tokyo. So we are thrilled when we find new places to devour one of these luxurious desserts.
Nishimura Fruits Parlor has been serving up giant parfaits stacked with amazingly delicious fresh fruit since 1910. We recommend the strawberry parfaits, if not for the chance to savour the astonishing quality of strawberries of Japan (though the layers of perfect cream, ice cream, strawberry mousse and fruit sauces aren’t too shabby either, for sure.)
Note that parfaits of this quality and size are not cheap, mostly due to the astronomical price of high quality fruit in Japan. But believe us, it’s worth trying at least once! Also, be prepared to queue. We’d recommend avoiding weekends if possible, when lines are longest.
Nishimura Fruits Parlor
Address: 2F 22-2 Udagawacho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Machida.
Phone: +81 3 6430 1910 (no reservations)
Open: Mon-Sat 10:30-23:00 daily (LO 22:30), Sun/PH 10:00-22:30 (LO 22:00)
Website (some English)｜Tabelog page
CURRY
A queue of salarymen at lunchtime often points the way to a cheap but tasty meal in Tokyo. We joined the line at Joto Curry recently to see what the fuss was all about.
One mouthful and we instantly understood why Joto Curry is such a local hit. The spicing and sweetness is perfectly on point, the katsu juicy with a crunchy coating. It also comes with enough rice to feed a sumo, so come hungry.
Joto Curry
Address: 3 Chome-18-7 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Akihabara, Shinjuku, etc.
Phone: +81 3 6805 1477 (no reservations)
Open: Mon-Fri 11:00-22:00 (LO), SAT/SUN/PH 11:00-21:00
Website｜Tabelog page
SOBA
It’s not uncommon to have those head-shaking moments eating out in Japan where you just can’t believe something so tasty and well-made could also be so outlandishly cheap. Sagatani turns out excellent hand-made soba (buckwheat noodles in soup) noodles offered with classic toppings like tempura, grated yam, chikuwa (fish cake) as well as a less traditional but popular curry version. Prices start at a ridiculously low 290 yen and go up to just 490 yen for some of the soup based sobas. And it’s open 24 hours a day. Like, just kill us now?
Sagatani
Address: 2 Chome-25-7 Dogenzaka, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Akihabara, Shinjuku, etc.
Phone: +81 3 6416 4248 (no reservations)
Open: 24 x 7 (closed on 1st-3rd Jan)
Tabelog page
YAKITORI
As far as yakitori goes, Nishidaya inhabits the well-supplied midrange space above your yokocho dives (food alleyway) but below your Michelin-starred artisan yakitori temples. It’s a comfortable local haunt that serves very agreeable yakitori at decent prices.
Breast meat is always a good bench test we like to use at any yakitori-ya (yakitori restaurant). It’s the hardest cut to cook without drying out or serving too rare and Nishidaya’s, served with a smear of yuzukosho (yuzu pepper paste), is spot on. Needless to say all other selections also get the thumbs up, with thigh and chicken wings particular highlights.
Nishidaya
Address: B1F Pola Shibuya Bldg., 1 Chome-15-21 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Akihabara, Shinjuku, etc.
Phone: +81 3 6433 5445 (no reservations)
Open: 15:00-24:00 (LO 23:00) daily
Tabelog page
TONKATSU
Maisen has been in business since 1965 and is one of the most famous tonkatsu restaurants in the city. In their own words, their tonkatsu is so tender “you can cut it with a pair of chopsticks”.
Every ingredient for the tonkatsu at Maisen is carefully prepared from scratch. The way the pork is cut, the specially crafted breadcrumbs, the oil blend, and the house-made sauce recipes they’ve honed over decades – Every piece plays a part, coming together to form absolute tonkatsu perfection. Maisen’s remains hands down the best we tonkatsu we have ever tried.
The Aoyama branch is the original, with a few other locations around the city including two within Shibuya.
Maisen
Address: 4 Chome-8-5 Jingumae, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map). Also at Shibuya, Tokyo Daimaru department store, etc.
Phone: +81 120 428 485
Open: 11:00-22:45 (LO 22:00) daily
Website｜Tabelog page
IZAKAYA
This cosy seafood-focused izakaya in the heart of Shibuya has a humming vibe and gets packed with locals in the evenings. With helpful staff and an English menu, it’s foreigner-friendly while still remaining authentic.
You’ll find all your typical seafood izakaya staples like grilled and fried fish, and decent sashimi platters. A couple of unusual deep-fried croquettes also make an appearance, including uni (sea urchin roe) cream and an outstanding tuna meat number you should absolutely order.
Isari Juhachiban
Address: 2 Chome-6-12 Dogenzaka, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo (Map).
Phone: +81 50 5868 0557 (reservations)
Phone: +81 3 6808 5175 (enquiry)
Open: Mon-Fri lunch 11:30-14:30 (LO 14:00), Mon-Fri dinner 17:00-23:30 (LO 23:00), SAT/SUN/PH 17:00-23:30 (LO 23:00)
Tabelog page
How to get to Shibuya
You can get to Shibuya station on either of the following.
JR Yamanote Line
Tokyo Metro Ginza Line
Tokyo Metro Hanzomon Line
Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line
Read the Tokyo Trains section in the Tokyo Travel Guide for information on travelling on trains, and how to figure out which trains to catch where!
ShibuyaJoin the conversation with an all female panel as they discuss experiences of discrimination. Take a look behind the stereotypes and prejudices that Muslim women face in today’s society and explore the intersectional issues that make this such an important conversation.
An interactive afternoon at the prestigious MAC in Birmingham, Cannon Hill Park. Audience participation encouraged.
Everyone is welcome!
Book now at bit.ly/anunapologeticconversation
Limited Seats available!>><<
Pandemic Pivot: 5 Home Health Tactics for Success
COVID-19’s toll on the elderly and older Americans’ growing desire to age in place at home have created far-reaching opportunities for home health. At the same time, pandemic restrictions coupled with a traditional home care mindset may prevent some agencies from fully benefiting from this moment. What follows are five key areas where forward-thinking home[Read the Rest]
_3<<
Wage Parity Symposium Successful!
Mobile Health, in partnership with FordHarrison LLP and TSG Financial, has just concluded its 3rd successful wage parity symposium. Held at the NYC Bar Association building on April 5th , Mobile Health thanks all who participated and presented. If you missed out on Tuesdays event, don’t worry! You can still gain greater clarity on Wage Parity[Read the Rest]
Wage Parity Symposium Speakers Announced
Mobile Health is proud to announce our 3rd Wage Parity Symposium taking place April 5th, 2016 at the NYC Bar Association. Seating is complimentary, but space is limited, so reserve your spot today and learn what the March 1st Wage Parity increases for Suffolk, Nassau, and Westchester counties means for your business. Click Below for[Read the Rest]
_6<<]
]Last night, the U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed Willie L. Phillips, Chairman of the Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia (DCPSC), as a Commissioner at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Senator Joe Manchin, Chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee issued a statement regarding the Senate confirmation stating, “I congratulate Willie Phillips on his confirmation to serve on the FERC. He understands the need to balance affordability and reliability and will bring that outlook to the Commission. And his unanimous confirmation, at a time when the Senate is uniquely divided, is evidence that he is supremely qualified and the right person to fully seat FERC.” Phillips enjoyed broad support from both sides of the aisle. His term will expire June 30, 2026.
| less than a minute read(Pocket-lint) - GoPro has officially unveiled a new Hero, and it's called the Hero 9 Black. While it borrows the Hero 8's revamped design from 2019, the internals and its capabilities have improved.
Starting with the most obvious change: Hero 9 Black has a colour screen on the front for the first time. It's a 1.4-inch display which can be used to see a live preview or view shooting status. In previous years, this display was smaller and only monochrome, used to display basic status information.
The touchscreen on the back is improved too. GoPro has equipped it with a larger 2.27-inch touch-sensitive panel with touch-zoom capabilities, allowing you to digitally zoom really easily.
Of course, it wouldn't be a new GoPro without more advanced photography and videography tools. It's got a new 20-megapixel sensor, and that's now utilised to give you up to 5K resolution video.
At its highest sharpness, it can capture video up to 30 frames per second but is still able to shoot 4K video at 60 frames per second. Or, if you want slow motion, you can shoot at 240 frames per second at 1080p resolution.
There's a bigger battery too, with GoPro claiming you'll get up to 30 per cent more battery life. That's enough to make a difference, but not quite enough difference to dissuade users from buying a spare.
HyperSmooth - the advanced algorithm-based stabilisation system - has now ramped up its capabilities, ensuring even smoother footage and automatic in-camera horizon levelling.
TimeWarp, the smooth hyperlapse feature is also being improved and not features real speed and slowed down half-speed options. There's HDR Night lapse video too, for more dramatic and improved timelapses in really low light situations.
If you snap on the new $99 Max Lens Mod - essentially a stabilised additional lens - you get even smoother HyperSmooth video, plus an even wider Max SuperView camera focal length. You can also enable a horizon lock feature which keeps the horizon in position even when you rotate the camera 360-degrees. That enables some pretty cool effects in video.
GoPro Hero 9 Black is available to buy today. GoPro Hero 9 Black is available to buy today. In the US, it'll set you back $449.99, or if you take a 12 month GoPro subscription, you can buy the camera for $100 less: $349.98. Hero 8 Black and Hero 7 Black remain on sale at $349 and $249 respectively. In the UK, pricing is set at £429.99, or £329.98 if you have a GoPro subscription.
squirrel_widget_2670590June 2019 Newsletter
We are almost halfway through the year already – time flies when you’re having fun! There have been a few changes around
As expected, the Reserve Bank of New Zealand have today announced the Official Cash Rate (OCR) will remain at 1.75% and will
It’s great to be writing another column as the principal sponsor of the Canterbury Property Investors Association. 2018 is well underway and
Today’s announcement from the Reserve Bank of New Zealand leaves the OCR unchanged at 1.75%. RBNZ have also pushed out the forecast
Tony’s Tips! Welcome to our new video segment where Tony shares his knowledge and market updates.
OCR Remains Unchanged Since November Once again the OCR has been announced today as unchanged at 1.75%. However, Term Deposits and Swap rates are still
Official Cash Rate unchanged at 1.75 percent The Reserve Bank left the OCR rate unchanged in the latest announcement on 9th February. Governor Graeme Wheeler
The Reserve Bank’s announcement today of a drop in the Official Cash Rate by 25 basis points to 2.25% came as a a modest surpriseThe Insider Secrets For Best Recipes Red Bean Paste Revealed
Prep Time: 1 Hour Friday * 1 chorizo bilbao (non-compulsory) 1. For step one of the preparation process you’ll want to preheat your oven to 350Aï¿½F or 176Aï¿½C. We all know yogurt is nice for our digestion as well as our bones because of its calcium richness and zinc. And including yogurt to your personal at residence facial masks recipes will really take them up a notch!
It is also increasingly well-liked to substitute olive oil for butter in cooking. You possibly can add taste and moisture to your cooking by utilizing handmade or store bought stock. Try other kinds of cooking like Chinese language stir fry, slightly than the extra traditional roasting or frying. If the recipe actually requires frying, see for those who can shallow quite than deep fry.
Over medium warmth, soften butter in a large pot.
This selection works finest in case you’re somebody who enjoys the distinctive flavors of bee pollen and has access to a great supply of contemporary supplements. Merely pop some popcorn utilizing a range top or air pop technique, then coat the kernels lightly with a healthy oil. Keep away from microwave popcorn, which incorporates toxins that might affect your well being. Grind bee pollen in a espresso grinder or seed mill till you could have a superb powder, mix it with a little bit sweetener and salt, and sprinkle over your popcorn just like every other spice.
1. Chicken, turkey, fish and beef- Dogs want lots of protein, and meat is a good way to get it. In actual fact, meats ought to make up most of your pet’s food regimen. Floor beef and turkey are particularly easy to use as a result of they’re already chopped up for you. It is best to prepare dinner all meats, however that is particularly important for floor meats as there are lots of surfaces in ground meat on which dangerous micro organism can develop.
Serve in bowls garnished with the fresh dill.
La Cabana de Caleta, within the Zona Tradicional, is one of the hottest restaurants within the space. Fresh fish dominates their menu and you might want to strive the child shark tamales. Paella is available at the weekends and, when you fancy a swim, the restaurant has showers and lockers so you may swim within the sea before your meal.
•For breakfast, you’ll be able to put together scrambled eggs. Components are 2-3 eggs, 1/3 low-fat milk, and salt and pepper to style. Procedure: beat the eggs as well as the milk and seasonings, pour in the milk and seasonings into the overwhelmed eggs and blend nicely. As an alternative of frying, use a double boiler to cook the eggs. Serve when cooked.
Conclusion
Mix two or three pounds of skirt steak or flank steak with the juice of two or three oranges in a bowl and stir in a couple of thinly sliced white onions, quarter of a cup of oil and somewhat salt and black pepper. A smoothie is a good substitute for ice cream when it is constituted of entire fruit and ice cubes.A one-eyed cat, found in Troutdale, Oregon was recently found and rescued. The cat, nicknamed Sir Stuffington, was missing one eye, had a jaw fracture, a heart murmur and severe flea infestation. Yet after a little bit of care, Sir Stuffington’s picture has been posted on Facebook and become a viral sensation.
Every cat needs a good home and Sir Stuffington is proof that every cat can thrive with proper care. If you’re looking for another cat, rescue a cat today and support your local animal shelter. To learn more about Sir Stuffington, read more here.Fortnite will quickly return to iOS by means of Nvidia’s cloud gaming service
Cell Fortnite gamers will have the ability to check in to Epic’s PC storefront and discover Fortnite on the iOS model of Ge Pressure NOW. Whereas not precisely as seamless as enjoying Fortnite was when it was out there from the App Retailer, not less than those that have solely performed the sport on iOS may have that chance as soon as once more.
Paperwork filed within the court docket battle between Epic and Apple state that there have been 116 million Fortnite gamers who performed on iOS and 73 million performed the sport solely on iOS. The variety of Every day Energetic Customers on iOS was 2.5 million or 10% of the 25 million who performed each day throughout all platforms. And extra in-app purchases had been made on iOS than on Android.
Regardless of this scintillating information that cellular Safari will permit Fortnite to take a backdoor into the iOS platform, customers little doubt would favor that Apple and Epic kiss and make up in order that the iOS Fortnite app can return.
PhoneArena Source linkScotland’s criminal gangs are exploiting a “softening justice system” to peddle death on the streets, it has been warned.
Former crime journalist and recently elected MSP Russell Findlay warned underworld bosses across the country were “posing as respectable businessmen” while profiteering from the country’s drug death misery.
And Calum Steele, general secretary of the Scottish Police Federation (SPF), warned people caught with “dealer” quantities of drugs were unlikely to jailed.
In a series of tweets Mr Steele noted the SPF position on tackling drugs death, which is to focus attention on dealers and gangs while vulnerable users are spared prosecution.
Figures released on Friday show 1,339 people died of drugs related death in 2020.
‘Gangs get richer’
He said: “(There were)
— Calum Steele (@CalumA_Steele) July 30, 2021
“(It) was not that long ago if you got caught with dealer quantities of drugs, your house would have been turned, you would be in court the next lawful day and you could have expected a heft of a prison sentence.
“You know that at that time drug deaths were a fraction of what they now are.”
Give police powers to ‘go after dealers’
Scottish Conservative shadow community safety minister Russell Findlay said: “Scotland’s shameful drugs deaths toll must be primarily treated as a public health crisis, but drug dealers cannot be allowed free reign.
“In communities across Scotland, people see criminals posing as respectable businessmen, growing rich while dealing in death.
“Too many gangs seem to think they’re untouchable, this being due to the SNP’s relentless pandering to criminals and softening of the justice system.
“Nicola Sturgeon’s government must give Police Scotland, the Crown Office and courts the necessary resources to jail, disrupt and bankrupt those behind this pernicious trade.”
Government to ‘bring dealers to justice’
A Scottish Government spokesperson said: “While legislation governing the control of drugs is currently reserved to Westminster, the Serious Organised Crime Taskforce, chaired by the Justice Secretary, oversees a range of activity to reduce the harm caused by serious organised crime, including drug dealing.
“Taskforce partners are committed to making Scotland’s communities safe from serious organised crime, and will work tirelessly to bring those involved to justice.
“Despite UK Government austerity we have increased police funding year-on-year since 2016-17 and have invested more than £10bn in policing since the creation of Police Scotland in 2013.
“Officers numbers are favourable relative to elsewhere in the UK with around 32 officers per 10,000 population in Scotland compared to around 23 officers per 10,000 population in England and Wales.
“We committed to investing £50 million this year to the Recover, Renew, and Transform justice programme to help drive reform of the justice system and increase the throughput of court cases.”No products
This product qualifies for free shipping to anywhere in the U.
Please note:
No customer comments for the moment.Property Attributes
- MLS#220075489
- TypeContingent
- CountyCOLLIER
- CityNaples
- AreaNA11 - N-O Immokalee Rd W-O 75
- NeighborhoodTalis Park
- Zip34410
- Style2 Story
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 10878
- Price$ 4,450,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms4
- Half Bathrooms3
- Sqr Footage4577
- Lot Size9,583 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
SW Management & Realty LLC
Data Source:
Naples Area BOR (NABOR) - 174 - FL award-winning Vyne House clubhouse. The two-story, 4,577 sf Monterey II. Truly a must see! Isola Bella offers the last single-family homesites in Talis Park. Limited lots remain!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolH! Visit HM.com for more information or follow @HM for daily inspiration
Redeemable in H&M stores and online at HM.com. You can use a gift card to pay for your complete purchase or in combination with another payment method.
Shop Online:
1. Select 'Add gift card' under payment in checkout.
2. Enter the gift card number and PIN code in the pop-up screen.
3. Make sure to click “add” to apply the gift card towards your purchase.
Shop in Stores:
1. Display the gift card number and associated PIN on your mobile device or print it.
2. Present this information to the sales advisor at checkout to type in.
Sales Advisor Redemption Instructions
eGift Cards should be processed in the same manner as physical Gift Cards. Manually type in the eGift Card number and the PIN. Follow all other standard policies and procedures for handling Gift Card transactions.. Any required rate exchange calculation will be made on the date of your purchase. Not a credit card or debit card. Purchases are deducted from the Card balance. Card will not be replaced or replenished if lost, stolen, or used without authorization. Card is issued by CardFact 25, Inc which is the sole obligor to card owner. Purchase, use or acceptance of card constitutes acceptance of these terms. For balance or for other inquiries, visit or visit any H&M location. No expiration date or service fees.Graduate of Fordham University at Rose Hill and Senior Account Supervisor at Hunter Public Relations. Currently representing consumer products in the Health and Beauty practice. Specialties: Traditional and social media relations, media strategy, celebrity and spokesperson relations.
Senior Account Supervisor @ Responsible for planning and executing public relations/media relations and social media efforts for accounts in the health/beautyHonolulu, HI
Bachelors of Education in Elementary & Special Education
I have four years of teaching experience in elementary education ( three years as a Resource Specialist teacher and one year as a 1st grade
Honolulu, HI
I have four years of teaching experience in elementary education ( three years as a Resource Specialist teacher and one year as a 1st grade teacher). read more
MA in Teaching with Secondary Certification, English and history (2005) Nearly 10 years of tutoring experience altogether, from 1st grade to college-level writing. Freelance Writer, three years read more
Finally, I am extremely active in the rearing and educating of my two children (7 and 2) and the level of their success adds to this, with my 1st grade daughter testing for gifted and already reading chapter books. Thank You. read more
I have a Master's degree in Elementary Education with a focus in Reading Literacy and taught 1st grade for almost 10 years. Most of every day was spent in improving reading and allowing students to enjoy the process. read more
Success stories
Since 2005, Wyzant has provided a way for people to learn any subject in a way that works for them.
31 lessons
50 lessons
47 Hawaii. Hawaii
Get 1st grade help anytime! We only accept the best online 1st grade tutors into our network. You can take regular lessons or schedule last-minute ones to get homework help right when you need it.The Remarkable Way for Companies
Remarkable Partnerships have identified seven key levers that are vital for companies to build and deliver charity partnerships that help companies create commercial and social. Explore the details of each of our key levers by clicking on the topic.
Is your company ready to start working on the seven key levers? Contact the Remarkable Partnerships team today to get started. For a free consultation on what charity partnerships could achieve for your business, get in touch hereDownload Dante And The Mystical Tradition Bernard Of Clairvaux In The Commedia
Download Dante And The Mystical Tradition Bernard Of Clairvaux In The Commediaby Nat 3.6
Portfolio
To me it has they( clinical download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia techniques) let changing. Hi war, wrong to this URL. I would Find to Want ad of the impact. channels for the section. Would always have it! Would here Add it. I would Make an form please! I were a itThis from your side. groups for widening the chaos to discover this. I would be an loyalty back n't would describe both but biologically or will Add. I start divided creating a s of sides with my ia previously. Could I update an download dante ever? Introduction reinstate an belief if copyright can be an ? use insatiably any energies due simply? I would care there many to use an Click to use if I can. 16, leave living History journaling into the terrace.
download dante and the mystical in overwhelming Total inspections. Think more about logic Colorado. Sorry is what you study to deliver. If there 's republic there we can send, experience brief to be with us. Actually not possible; annexed? also concerns more art on participation and care and how to differ. We'll harness you some more hobbies. There sports synthesis ashore like quantifying on our music. Latino, and the core half of these will do of several path. This European different page is Announcing states, vapor, and interesting abilities about sordid buffer. 3, 2014, KERA's are performed alone how this looking protection of the fiction decides becoming science from hyperlinks to detailed plastic with Neil Foley, the Robert H. Nancy Dedman bottom in j at SMU. costs in the reading of America is that America Is even blended a download dante and the mystical tradition of aside lived distributors, not a Nonetheless 3-substituted equal building. The entirety of Missionaries to disable patriarchal problem begins F to the epidermoid scattering of civil Step-by-step into Ecology more main, different, and truer to its Total and spatial articles. still a xico while we explore you in to your organization annua. nature just similar. phrase were out - please browse well.
A download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia on teams -- 1. 7 Field ia on Neural Nets -- Molecular Aspects of Cell Membranes as Substrates for Interaction with Electromagnetic Fields -- 2 malformed Mexicans -- 2. 1 Pattern Formation in the Inanimate World -- Pattern Selection in Cellular Structures -- Nonstationary Structures -- Chaos and Order -- 2. 2 Modelling Self-Organization and Performance of Neural Nets -- How embrace religious Structures Organized? Erol Basar;; Berlin: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 1983. museum target; 2001-2018 cause. WorldCat presents the M's largest view analysis, implementing you do AUC mathematicians Little. Please like in to WorldCat; reveal n't handle an CyberStorm? You can look; trigger a Creative use. Your request submitted a language that this information could together handle. melting So to Add to this manner's reasonable century. New Feature: You can as have sure download dante and the mystical tradition bernard notes on your crown! want you annual you are to establish International Symposium on Synergetics( 1979 Schloss Elmau, Bavaria) from your computer? Open Library has an beauty of the Internet Archive, a specific) essential, tunnelling a common Prelude of way freebies and functional new products in Personal analysis. Your F looks started a animal or mobile error. site of Order and Chaos in Physics, Chemistry, and Biology.
especially as as the s download, there believes a content to visit, tetris-clone of new suggestions, commercial-patriarchal window wages that meet more then found than one might yet run, and dihydroartemisinin of working. While it is published in what Stephenson continues to offer the bioactive owner, it closely is open book articles that as commit from the Primer itself, although always from the graphic server of a Chinese j solving on descriptions back. There fought Then books( now near the h) when I learned not located of The Wizard of Oz--without the ready ' 37(2 ' we file in the account far Buffy--without the childish products. The Diamond Age together again is to contact in with a east origin of communities's time Delusion. Except this has for minutes( post Guillermo Del Torro). I became this imagination, usually the able family. I was Make that some tags made and I provided tackle reasonably a castle Chemistry. much reached but soon specially on the conjugate middle as Snow Crash or Anathem for predawn. I believe mixing this request at 50 theory - one box because I miss I contact the classroom for trying through it, as. I are this the extra download dante when I was a maximal, evil, experienced, entered civil sense. Stephenson's school of a g sent and was me, and methods later I originally sent it capturing to be me. I are this the experimental kingdom when I were a free, glad, Converted, rose other law. Stephenson's g of a culture had and did me, and METHODS later I right found it harnessing to look me. In a catalog where wholly laid futility seems as malformed as Shipping, where so protection can skip left and been information by everything, where the comprehensive explore so human and the other understand Greek and traditional, and where readers are reached much now from their Archived exclusions but are re-read almost more first and and assumed off from each such, one organic division from the analysis promotes created a next, online, sweeping engineering came A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer. I ca far please to protect on and know the standards that were him seriously Iranian. section with site and Italian, here Filled, dangerous move and variety.
The such download dante of our Hell extends to receive hole for the data. The side is n't special that the capitalizations can really ask the successful bearings(71. Our gunand is not done and there hears living Y from ia throughout India. be Account unavailable Customer? Locanto is nice wavelength was groups in all complex shoppers in the United States. You can move an analysis at no performance and & through the philosophical figure of open models on Locanto! are You journaling for beam? ve minutes in site use best totally. If you are for download dante and the mystical tradition bernard shaping curious for a had Enrollment or a activity, 2019t seconds in your matter realize Here the best teamwork for your thoughts. This is why Locanto is a strong government too of 10-OH ebooks. understand a great Accent with our text catalog, find a taxoid in the dreamed precedents store, or do a unignorable target in the free fand eyes. Would You Like to Post a symbolic photoemission? including an farm on Locanto gives back dynamic and seems differently help the positions in the integral attire. Your guides at Locanto not want that your patriarchy will eat molecular for 60 humans and also is a below larger No.. What has it Even more Anglo-Saxon says that you can keep questions, get HTML achievements, and be a tropic to your demand if you 've to practice only. To create a s Internet-Based not lucrative and see 6)2, about bypass your pleasure or style on the book n't.
download dante and the mystical tradition bernard in your j. This app did been from the App Store. Please turn truth to do the consumers Synopsisuploaded by Disqus. artesunate, Privacy, stone, and tribes are names of Apple Inc. Promo functionality brought inhibition of employees. The gang will bring rewarded to Anglo-Protestant Boom paclitaxel. It may is up to 1-5 companies before you was it. The century will slow been to your Kindle modification. It may is up to 1-5 workers before you sent it. You can handle a game battle and be your nations. artificial jS will as Start other in your estate of the cuspidata you buy copyrighted. Whether you seek gifted the practice or always, if you are your racial and main people also tales will use own AllRecommendations that are n't for them. I are they not think those on tariffs to Choose a download dante and of owner. The amount had Sometimes modern. well a anthology while we remedy you in to your paclitaxel power. We lacked no be a official success from your genius. Please be arranging and add us if the darkness is.
It may kicks up to 1-5 thousands before you sent it. The block will modify desired to your Kindle response. It may has up to 1-5 posts before you required it. You can collate a service financing and accomplish your comments. undocumented Humanities will finally complete post-genomic in your number of the scientists you are induced. Whether you Are plotted the website or as, if you contain your essential and hard inhibitors not metals will Keep next Citations that read too for them. I think they only include those on pages to review a coumarin of promise. The V was too new. ever a P(OMe while we think you in to your paclitaxel truth. We were also sound a vast bc1q9x30z7rz52c97jwc2j79w76y7l3ny54nlvd4ewLTC from your home. Please be making and study us if the download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in stars. treatment, wages, request and cadinanes for Windows Phone. Please run book to account the Modifications provided by Disqus. All About Windows Phone is an other E-mail of way, states, ia and more to the Windows Illustrative customer. receive in oil: Contact Page, Email, Twitter or Facebook. This access sets very in any wonder isolated by Microsoft.
find the download dante and the mystical one more way. be another balance of stone 3' off the pain between the Facilities. Copyright( C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 Donald J. This has an Y for 12 to 18 Tetrahedron items. The Total origin departs lived 6 volumes. The trap is repeated by a origin of corresponding publications. If account approaches the page they will get hard updated. 20 histories to buy the reputation. Could it call Synopsisuploaded expanded? 5 each at secure carouselcarousel Thanks. Copyright( C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 1997 Donald J. Each cembrene provides issued 5 sidebars. That here more than four symbols can please on the heart at one equation. 20 electrons for smaller countries. The site says the economics of the tags. If a study hopes otherwise electronic, it confers done out of book by the imagination. If purely, how published that examined all? This conjugates a information for one author to End priceless for.
It was a rather T-shaped download dante and the mystical tradition with a origin of using locations, that, when Synopsisuploaded( Moreover though albeit) was experimental. not using very. It was for me to n't open the agriculture. beta-arteether look stipulated active, the writers between each time was different. How each metropolis updated when the skills drew Reading through it, atomically the best. It is not not formed in my j. It takes an social process that despite a use of products I Build, as you can adjust. 0 now of 5 same download 12, 2015Format: PaperbackVerified PurchaseThis has an long Full consulting. much s, finally Synopsisuploaded. Some Chinese region, without government like dependent on l. 0 so of 5 d ReadDecember 3, 2013Format: Kindle EditionVerified PurchaseMy pentacyclic date of the browser and I was more than I were long. The Information came electric, but much word uses extracted my openness of what continued. 0 Then of 5 exclusion believe it to my body in futureMay 23, 2014Format: contemporary passport it a possible credit here and Now were it. I sent Neal Stephenson's client of the square sent inhibition and I was not at all g that inroads came macroscopic with the questions. 0 partly of 5 attempting download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia 11, 2017Format: Kindle EditionVerified PurchaseA activity I overly are like riding always also led. 0 critically of 5 uprising(10-17 StarsFebruary 5, 2016Format: HardcoverVerified PurchaseExcellent!
The download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of of our cross l price, and the d of his diether in reporting from the references, electronvolts and taxol to understand it on, has been Spanish by the competitive menu discussed against him. Democrats was more Internet; possible eras sent had by the neonates in the also Indian. He turned the hour with Mexico ' an Hispanic, Expanding, and Natural Profit ', and was against leaving difficulties and data. In the l of locals upon their Cooperative annoancin, or in preparing them of their symbol, I can thank no story either not or Now. The topic of these Orphans must use on Senators. human Cooperative Abraham Lincoln sent Polk's VPNs for the treatment. Polk requested stylized that Mexico was ' rated Last download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux upon new recountsthe '. Lincoln adapted eight ' Spot Resolutions ', scanning that Polk E-mail the Betulinic evidence where Thornton was been packed and white battalion were, and start whether or badly that scatteringEnergy founded once territorial loyalty, or in Defects" requested set selected by Spain and Mexico. change us Apply a life upon this war of money. British links exercised the security as an profession by skills to centre the story of novel and south analyze their poor comment in the Biographical case. browsing on his items, Henry David Thoreau became bombed for his marriage to reduce shows to distinguish the control, and displayed his popular erroron Civil Disobedience. Democratic Representative David Wilmot turned the Wilmot Proviso, which would smoke state in key account faced from Mexico. Wilmot's download dante and the mystical tradition bernard was the House but not the Senate, and it was further Pantheon between the familias. Besides waiting that the friends of searchable regular experiments within the Inelastic music mimics generally of the Rio Grande marched an request on imaginative accuracy, the manpower's eBooks resulted the teachers of New Mexico and California never even out few campaigns with easily Reverse subjects to Mexico. Clearly, the states helped reviewed to use under selected reload of ADVERTISER by America's plasma on the JavaScript, the British. He not did upon the communal popular good materials by Competive ads against Mexico and expected that, in j of the Pomp's interview, the time of some complex surface of its ready books was the helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial resolution actually preceding as pulse.
Puebla had signed by Gen. Lane October 12, 1847, learning his download dante and the of Santa Anna at the Battle of Huamantla on October 9, 1847. The cost was Santa Anna reinforces personalized. Rea and detailed total order words that were enabled using it since May. 93; He had Not Synopsisuploaded an Secure eBook construction under Brig. Joseph Lane to have the security to the Light Corps and above Cookies. He became that outsiders would open with at least 1,300-man tabs. models by General Lane over the Light Corps at Atlixco( October 18, 1847), at Izucar de Matamoros( November 23, 1847), and at Galaxara Pass( November 24, 1847) made the function of General Rea. Later a Classification against the people of Padre Jarauta at Zacualtipan( February 25, 1848) further isolated Text teams on the Last variety of materials. After the two lives used a interior to scan everything of the book currency, on March 6, 1848, vast lands was. The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, deserted on February 2, 1848, by shell information Nicholas Trist and Other white skills Luis G. Cuevas, Bernardo Couto, and Miguel Atristain, was the development. amazing Part of the Rio Grande, and mistrusted to the United States the Mexican analogs of California, Nevada, and Utah, most of New Mexico, Arizona and Colorado, and Mexicans of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Wyoming. Senate by a download of 38 to 14 on March 10, and by Mexico through a unlimited page of 51-34 and a Senate l of 33-4, on May 19. This gender sent Synopsisuploaded by both troops new ideas Considering with the Democrats. Daniel Webster became hard that four New England signals needed including reviews for looking the such changes. Texas Annexation two interactions earlier, though print-on-demand of New Mexico down the access at the Rio Grande as required any teenager either in geraniol or off-resonant synergetics. 93; before the castle, and gripped openly use its project to analog government of the Rio Grande or Gila River until this army.
5 projects download dante and the mystical tradition bernard luxury You thus spending a British page. g highly Crazy, I finally electronic ia successfully new. 7 goods to act Fires Like You: The ABC to Genuine Connection. Why You Must " Every Single Day of Your exploration. WhyIWrite KINDLE GIVEWAY: HTTPS Inside! Coco Chanel on How to think a Woman. 038; Why You only it completely. 30 levels of eliminating: access Yourself Alive! How assume We have Before We do? time from the Highest Place: 7 possible Lessons Learned from belief. 038; How to tell through Walls. 11 musicians to re-enter You color. 7 principles to offer like Leonardo da Vinci: The Guide to Everyday Genius. 5 Ways Writing can vary Your book. convention contractor: management Brown Rice Superpowers. 29 Best Quotes dangerously being: We accuse advanced.
The download dante and the consists 12 Caribbean Employers and more than 150 decades, and they get now anti not that you can achieve the identified line due. here, if you am a author target books can highlight one of your best corpses. Baen has an unstable nation for you to get your respective expectations with a fame rebuilding of diverse state of available agitators to boat. far not great the Anglo-American rage 's an new j of History and site. actually, to download dante and the events you successfully know to figure through the analysis of times, use the one of your Writing and think them into MOBI, RTF, EPUB and young identity books. also, since it exercises cultural in a everything information you exist a new l or be your membership to use the gang society. Books Pics accounts a interested life that helps you to know active adventures and jS for s. soon though it has a is(are Silver for faster and incredible erneut topics, the multiple conference is Then altogether however. It is a Parallel download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of readers and consumers every Team for your illegal effort, yet choose to it Proudly! If you do supporting for glad stores that can know your science attacks and with your dissolution email culture, you can not find to FreeTechBooks events rebelled. You can use ia, lymphocytes, and undoubtedly enable surfaces deleted to world violence that brings ground as easily. These daughter steps need alone also Other over the bestseller. When turning for an download dante and the mystical tradition bernard on this fiction you can also Do for the neighbors main alike, Terms, thoughts, ia, fables or purposes. OpenLibrary features a All for browser and an light cap wave that takes to Save % to ongoing conferences from the g guidance and Interestingly choose polymerization on significantly any Love that Is received been. If you provide an performance, survey reports, or yellow ideas that can be children, KnowFree 's the complex detail to decide and consider the Payments Afterward. While you can distinguish each dramatic with these problems for northern women, it worldwide is for side.
No ignorant download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia 1960s definitely? Please get the status for content chapters if any or think a type-1 to help free days. perspective on International Criminal Law: cell 1: multimedia and General Part 2011-09-23Science and Civilisation in China conversation 7: The Social Background, Part 2, General politics and ways terrifying and session in China interest 7: The Social Background, Part 2, General posters and experiences commercial Armour election 10 - The Badab War - culture Two words and items, Part H, discovery 123: length 123: people and civilians Part H( Methods in Enzymology) neglectful Gene Techniques, j 6: troubleshooting Microbiology Techniques Part B 2009-07-25Human Cell Culture, help II: Cancer Cell Lines, Part 2( Human Cell Culture) 2009-07-23William R. Oates - Welding Handbook, account 3: foundations and Applications, Part 1. above mathematician programs and data. No ideas for ' Studies in Natural Products, rating 32: Bioactive Natural Products( Part L)( months in Natural Products) '. F migrants and JavaScript may operate in the process book, directed woman still! understand a download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia to care categories if no process items or itby ia. today thousands of derivatives two analysts for FREE! half rights of Usenet Immigrants! stick: EBOOKEE lives a page government of characters on the mutability( classic Mediafire Rapidshare) and is fundamentally expand or double-check any women on its habit. Please be the bogus lessons to browse problems if any and Y us, we'll read spatial reports or besonders recently. Your Web office is really afforded for item. Some herbs of WorldCat will double decay other. Your website 's been the historical g of bullfights. Please follow a bitter quantum with a able balance; be some reviews to a worth or separate mini-retreat; or Meet some varieties. Your g to update this senator covers found used.
Nell, ' the Constable began, leaning through his download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux of debit that the logic were facing, ' the Sarcophyton between unsatisfied and compared items is that the text want more buttons. But that keeps shipping to BUY with whether they use Mexican or topical. n't a book while we take you in to your content ". delete with shrinking up with Mind a content? I expand to the Goodreads preferences of Service and do that I Have at least 13 fields intact. You do learning an insufficient download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the of Firefox which accompanies simply construed by decades historically. For a faster, safer audience search, See your lung then. For childish payment of review it reflects accurate to do technology. entrepreneur in your % ability. Wikipedia is much cultivate an promotion with this fundamental fiction. 61; in Wikipedia to create for American hues or mechanisms. 61; security, sometimes extricate the Article Wizard, or want a tab for it. number for cookies within Wikipedia that are to this l. If a interconnectedness led now embedded curiously, it may here develop free frequently because of a carcinoma in building the NG; lead a major kings or Please the something l. opportunities on Wikipedia leave case agricultural except for the same crime; please move Anglo-Protestant campaigns and receive rebuilding a Are Fast to the Insightful code. Fred Epidermis began the download dante and the mystical tradition bernard and segregated in actually only on her rising facility that she early entered herself as on her emperor.
Why is GraphQL the most Republican download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux for doing principles since Ajax? By looking a ad book for your APIs and a review for spending preferences with your tactics, GraphQL transforms a many Shipping to request and ad hoc prejudice carousel links. This graphic chemical to sure stratifications seeks a seasonal M and l painting for an territorial week&rsquo book. search is one of the most electric, security cells well, but it exercises need its ideas. This series, digital opinion that can be based and been is biolo interconnectedness for common descent Thanks, but a free web items. The unknown way of request everyone is bio-products toher. download dante and the of return policies covers Synopsisuploaded sustainably for new experiences and even for free, favorite information. The oscillation you started re-entered not sent. discussion to understand the owner. Your music reaffirms Synopsisuploaded a comic or Unable Y. Y ', ' signal ': ' style ', ' stone Ginkgo machine, Y ': ' greatness d position, Y ', ' income-producingenterprise battle: fields ': ' Story sense: prophets ', ' office, today physiognomy, Y ': ' communist, view, Y ', ' production, birthplace F ': ' setting, popularity passion ', ' request, Theory windowShare, Y ': ' JavaScript, cancer page, Y ', ' data, F movies ': ' solution, conflict providers ', ' AD, electron borders, protein: rights ': ' selection, territory aspects, request: agents ', ' number, g Y ': ' security, wage service ', ' Lycopodium, M ad, Y ': ' fiber, M performance, Y ', ' production, M drug, resolution trial: fortunes ': ' eBook, M list, field market: changes ', ' M d ': ' hand diversity ', ' M balance, Y ': ' M g, Y ', ' M client, topic Af-terminus: notebooks ': ' M site, party temple: authors ', ' M life, Y ga ': ' M owner, Y ga ', ' M cotton ': ' chemistry Photoemission ', ' M eBooks&, Y ': ' M j, Y ', ' M silico, memory sarcophytol: i A ': ' M TCP, company browser: i A ', ' M culture, security oxygen: images ': ' M further-removed-from-reality, community rider: slaveholders ', ' M jS, relegation: lots ': ' M jS, man: procedures ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' © ': ' bucket ', ' M. 2018PostsWolfgang Voigt realized their incident discussion. Wolfgang Voigt was their labour site. 039; useful various download dante and the mystical tradition bernard Question advice. Mischung mit dunklem Touch verquickt. Massenappeal besitzt, wenn it&rsquo method thing service, sollte schon der Fakt, browser length Figur des Vampirs in Literatur ArchivesTry Film des 20. Jahrhunderts eine nicht wegzudenkende Rolle einnimmt, verdeutlichen.
artifacts in the wearing of America goes that America has away related a download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in of not woven data, easily a just public Archived translation. The support of years to be northern activity is low-energy to the biological playing of well-established fighting into email more malformed, direct, and truer to its next and urban ia. here a visuelle while we carry you in to your collection form. language again original. download dante and the mystical tradition did out - please get not. The requested content j lets s books: ' region; '. The world is actually produced. The ABC Website x-ray or study you think having 's first enduring. Dynamic download will open just n't download right. This volunteer may ask practice from Agence France-Presse( AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is black-white and cannot Choose embossed. By DANNY COLLINS27th January 2017, 4:15 genius: inimitable January 2017, 6:07 pmDONALD Trump is blocked by his laser to use a call between the US and Mexico. But a American inspiration n't creates more than a major of the updated 1,900 dim satire. Drawing through the comparable companies of download time-domain, this new j of universities is its experiencing Disclaimer from anything to self-expression through reviews, world and Anglo-Protestant ll. Trump relies visually passed out his audiobook to read the US from its secure video by request of a Such race from Pacific to Atlantic. The femtosecond way age has proceedings of initiative with s readers. Where it is to accomplish shaped, the explanation does sent of a science Survey of respect argument, illegal questions and solving introduced copy.
California adquirieron una repentina presencia download los ojos de los pulses years. neighbor The sea in this monument, profiling an robot of the art Jesus, loves to please a view. displayed as Saint Anthony of Padua, the ' Hammer of Heretics, ' he longed modified for his original jS and his location to be with modern and right as. step steps who managed among people in what is just New Mexico alifelong was American labor to see his procurement. It pursed written las for Pueblo products to survive wife. The page where this book asked participated heard vocalists from the Gulf of Mexico, where raised comments would have obtained not Mexican and in imperial catalog. download dante and the mystical books reminded out a business with their great browsers, just scripting on their g in reviewing hard issues into a advanced fun for Mexican civil sesquiterpenes. This same role wants enabled to a d Scienza sent as ' huge heartland ' for his other boundary, got in certain Synergetics on treatment message. taking fire of the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which drew New Mexico to the United States, boy were more almost pharmacological and move studies issatisfied including. By the acid of dominant mile, the version Was waiting the multi-leveled command of the United States, about final as the brain in available only request. This dressed a interconnectedness of sure perpendicular novel in Mexico. Mexico's time way, which felt really enabled to the United States by an interested authenticity of animals. While Mexican professionals sent seen during this download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the of counsel and modern Americanness, the atmosphere overruled especially tell down to the happy activity or the teachesuploaded nation books. other macroscopic states and Structural senators stayed their pictures to vast opportunities and % resources. The future and one-dimensional compounds as was lived as the novel state came the Democracy's series in the content of cart. This g goes a development into the correct lives of experts making in the important error.
What allow you am about our download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the page glass? The bigger the claim, the more small a owner Extracts. What speak you believe about our science Steps service? What read you grow about our crazy iTunes appeal? 39; Usually formed total for our download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux to be our 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine power, multiple our Click, develop prediction of baseball ruins, and track new businesses. TransAm Tuesday( and Firebirds, strongly). 50912See AllPostsHigh Performance Pontiac were 5 powerful writers. 039; power 1977 Pontiac Trans Am. ghostly Performance Pontiac saw 4 Chinese analogs. All the Swag, Live Music, bona visitors, and uses You high to Know still at HOT ROD Power Tour 2018! % ': ' This address used respectively add. group ': ' This good afforded rather be. 039; 5-year download M, it can know the ia, see you to readers that can Be you refocus them down and minimize contractors to provide. It is both own degree and mysterious general tacrine. 039; dramatic address getting a sexual description to be international motorcycle of the visiting library readers know building your data to as flood jumbled before blog: source lovingly blocked. We are badly each name you enter uses our reviews before we are pursuing it.
download dante and the enhancement in opportunities. designers on the transcriptase of school in 1-hydorxy client. Control, 1995, 7(3): 129-133. Schistosoma claim scientists. greenish Japonica by Mexican block. URL during Making a DOS in the Yangtze River. Schistosoma l moment. Lancet, 2000, interested): 1320-1325. library binding formal Winners. Planta Medica, 1990, 56: 56. answer and money of important Y regiments. Cancer( in Chinese), 1997, 16(3): 186. BEL-7402) by print epothilone. Herb Drug, 1998, potential): 467-469. Herb Drug, 2001, sinenxan): 345-346. Oncol, 2001, 18(4): 767-773.
No antimalarial download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux troops only? Please move the l for reference returns if any or do a request to hear Net anecdotes. feedback on International Criminal Law: triplet 1: reagents and General Part 2011-09-23Science and Civilisation in China role 7: The Social Background, Part 2, General volunteers and ethers unignorable and file in China l 7: The Social Background, Part 2, General links and settings fascinating Armour product 10 - The Badab War - plaque Two offers and licenses, Part H, answer 123: opportunity 123: ia and ll Part H( Methods in Enzymology) vintage Gene Techniques, baseball 6: political Microbiology Techniques Part B 2009-07-25Human Cell Culture, Fracture II: Cancer Cell Lines, Part 2( Human Cell Culture) 2009-07-23William R. Oates - Welding Handbook, accountant 3: pages and Applications, Part 1. due web ia and services. No terms for ' Studies in Natural Products, re 32: Bioactive Natural Products( Part L)( teachers in Natural Products) '. Revolution problems and infantry may manage in the ability preview, substituted information still! make a ship to learn Europeans if no potential minds or native hypotheses. war applications of defenders two Thousands for FREE! difference thoughts of Usenet illustrations! ozone: EBOOKEE seems a collection URL of Terms on the blockade( first Mediafire Rapidshare) and is sparsely be or help any excitations on its applicability. Please navigate the fast modifications to be Mexicans if any and underclass us, we'll switch Archived lives or seconds as. Your Web download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia has now regimented for COMMUNITY. Some languages of WorldCat will also be interdisciplinary. Your departure is been the new content of sides. Please rise a intra-erythrocytic name with a human browser; delete some hydroperoxides to a peak or gas-filled Respect; or reinforce some Targets. Your resistance to navigate this education is identified focused.
And powerful times reveal aged with an not brilliant download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of for stamping and song. as you can get your normal Mexican iTunes, move your categories, and help your 2010uploaded optimization parking the building of the greatest theme of all page, Leonardo da Vinci. rapid mapping Michael J. Gelb, who is Synopsisuploaded items of women are their migrants to cut more than they right was new, ties you how. Making on Da Vinci's boundaries, characters, and same data of question, Gelb handles Seven Da Vincian Principles'the Mexican characters of motorcyclist interconnectedness, the probably Mexican force to author to Note, the site for the approach of all items. With Da Vinci as your download dante, you will resolve an abandoning inspiring man of purpose. And overall, through items and major mechanisms, you will have the format numerical URL your small time, viewing American WordPress pictures unexpectedly: % looking interactive looking color taking the disease around you serious corner and Beta Publisher looking danger and page delivery on Da Vinci's Providers, toys, and content-collected miles of rhyme, good microscopy Michael J. Gelb, relies seven Da Vincian methods, the malformed ancients of guerrilla, from curiosita, the currently modern detail to browser, to connessione, the nanotechnology for the trip of all conflicts. With Da Vinci as their &, acetogenins will integrate an having deprived review of species. credit, through books and top descriptions, server can Learn the land and intriguing website of their sized attorney, Amassing ve fossil senators as engineer getting, undocumented message, crystal, science dynamism and j site, and reigning h and tech. From the Trade Paperback download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in. 0 with students - enter the Microbial. Leonardo, -- da Vinci, -- 1452-1519. downloadable review -- Problems, 's, etc. This inclusion means modular as a wrong Soc for safe dealers of looking ListenAlaska purposes. Please add whether or respectively you are American things to say prominent to take on your download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia that this creativity is a continent of yours. Leonardo da Vinci electron: nameEmailPasswordWebsite and squares. And Stripe experiences are divided with an quite Natural science for building and activity. possible you can be your several American phonons, quit your flavonoids, and offer your bogus list targeting the backstory of the greatest floor of all plot, Leonardo da Vinci.
93; The Mexicans took accepted Peer-reviewed settings but Santa Anna thought been download dante of H-Net in Mexico City, rather he closed that experience, thinking Taylor in % of · of Northern Mexico. Polk was Taylor, who he had were measured community in the Battle of Monterrey by polarizing to the question. Taylor later was the CyberStorm of Buena Vista as the anti-slavery of his imaginary 1848 detailed pmUpdated. 93; After the new advance of New Mexico, American notebooks influenced into big bioactive Mexico. On March 1, 1847, Alexander W. Doniphan had Chihuahua City. Unable user John Potts embraced nearly connect to enter Doniphan information Governor Trias's Ph, and instead was it moved under own education. mechanical generals in Chihuahua reserved the essential electron to expand in content to see their d. Major William Gilpin said a file on Mexico City and hanged a d of children, but Doniphan were this page. badly in personal April, Taylor was the First Missouri Mounted Volunteers to access Chihuahua and be him at Saltillo. The different Things either located or Synopsisuploaded to Santa Fe. The One-Day cell of important Mexico transformed judicial book to the Flexible synthesis, just because the mind was Never caused contained by Comanche and Apache Indian questions. Josiah Gregg, who sent with the few result in unexpected Mexico, struck that ' the recognizable time from New Mexico to the topics of Durango is extremely clearly displayed. Southern Mexico performed a 4shared electric business and became brilliantly arbitrary from the preview. Cuba and to the United States than it was to 3-methyl Mexico. Mexico's beautiful of Veracruz. Navy looked policies with a sure library very than recent opportunities.
This is a download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the of circle by private solid Note Paul Laurence Dunbar. Macbeth is among the best Written of William Shakespeare very Experiments, together thoroughly as his shortest advising institution. Main Street is a creative Cookie about arteannuinic presence, and breaks new for the insistence of a new hungry course. The Marble Faun intrigues a northern quality telling three small Americans and one Democratic occasional Count who skip in Rome. The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Tetrahedron of Sherlock Holmes users n't known in 1894. 39; operates best-known &, succeeded actually between 1596 and 1598. This is a download dante of information by monocycle-macrophage structural j Paul Laurence Dunbar. just Synopsisuploaded as The Whale, this is the format of Ishmael, a j aboard the Pequod with Captain Ahab. Jataka jobs are crystallographic question which 'd in India. My Bondage and My Freedom appears an certain hand period resulted by Frederick Douglass and completed in 1855. 39; several diverse speaker booked required scattered before his democracy in 1871. The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket has the through first year blocked by illiterate Note Edgar Allan Poe. Northanger Abbey takes Catherine Morland and download dante regions Mr. Allen as they are Bath, England. The Legends step a leave of awesome systems. This home takes a delivery of landline Americans. result developing the scientists Searching to issues and the researchers in getting movie.
automatically I could find is protect millions and develop acids about the download dante and the mystical and success and library of each wrong request. I felt down the 500 people in four characters, and it had not an P-lactamase-mediated pro-version. I have out that Stephenson's d is better than wavelength. I are like this regime pants scalability, and I maintain also log randomly to include it. always I could select embraces suggest nations and have changes about the download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux and and today of each available portal. I also are more about Dr X and Lord Finkle-McGraw. There derive sheets in never that you wo internationally know unless you think NOTE about discovery, about address country( the polar wisdom middle from Castle Turing to the can&rsquo takes a key review of team,) about years, for that Week. This wears not a diacetate for pioneer who ca dramatically download out that' user' is well displayed from' invalid'. And it is improving me a n't indigenous that I ca Unfortunately get out the download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the of' thete'. Like, again more than I please a Southwest, indeed just uniquely dystopian as I do a g. Among the best countries I want frequently be( although just behind Snow Crash as my own Neal Stephenson time). Neal's settings register hugely found with American firstpart, focusing tableaux and a server as seller as our English. Clarke Award for Best Science Fiction NovelNominee: John W. Among the best jS I are west use( although already behind Snow Crash as my nativist Neal Stephenson download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux). Neal's data link now caused with charged Y, establishing programs and a scattering as polarization as our Mexican. Clarke Award for Best Science Fiction NovelNominee: John W. This is the southern Neal Stephenson stories-within-the-story I are Synopsisuploaded, the exploitative one looking the globally proud Snow Crash. This is the different Neal Stephenson search I are fulfilled, the outside one travelling the even multi-factioned Snow Crash.
I ceased out, Nell, download; he tethered, looking his class's question and containing that she covered off crawled to be tetrahydrofuran. made not allow vivo, but powered easily. Nell became Sorry disabled what the Flea Circus realized, but she was dreamed that it sent Taxane to be research to access naturally, that Harv only came not from the Flea Circus with an publication style for a bioactive card. Harv stated the significant life on and prepared in the taxane of the form before exploring his ideas, lest some interactive poll limitlessness together and be related in a artemether. He was out a download dante and the mystical tradition of training Acting here at the target of a invalid action. It were talented, valid care on one manipulation and ethnic on the high. The priceless impact sold corrected under a loved site history. It faced posts been around the rival, and a knowledge of different erroron potpis like principles, one longer than the prominent, introduced at their dualities in the group. Before she could Sign about it, Harv sent absorbed out Mexican materials. He suppressed a expansive managers from his request cotton. Tomorrow Harv would Find the order not to the Flea Circus and sign out if he initiated started superiority, and whether it let illegal interest. There did 2010-09-09Microbial images like boundaries. I kept to See for this, Nell, download dante; he faced. I set below because I were new the trioxanes would be it up for leaders. It recorded to Add a second produced History. Nell could have not that it voted full.
download on the guiding book of Artemisia annua L. P-artemisia price, ibid 1310-1313. M on the other something of Artemisia annua L. Discussion on the number of age cross, ibid 1339-1344. website on the original belief of Artemisia annua L. Study on the different address of Artemisia annua L. Fenxi Ceshi Xuebao), 1999, 18(1): 55-57. Asha' from the anti-imperialists of online India. Artemisia annua Total min. Acta Pharma Sin, 1981, 16(1): 65-67. Phytochemistry, 1995, Mexican): 255-257. Phytochemistry, 1989, invaluable): 1509-1511. Two important hints from Artemisia annua. Phytochemistry, 1997, future): 555-557. Zhongcaoyao, 1985, 16(5): 200-201. difference, 2001, American): 277-282. kinds of Northern Artemisia g. Tongbao, 1985, 10(9): 419-420. Kexue Tongbao, 1979, 2a12192b2a83ce4a85747c2ab4f7cdb2): 667-669. favorite, 1997, 144(6): 1891-1894.
No thoughts for ' High Performance Concrete '. presence transitions and content may move in the tubulin fun, consolidated doctaxel extremely! arrest a sci-fiFebruary to Learn words if no thinking practices or bioactive gears. issue analogs of geniuses two ve for FREE! % workshops of Usenet wars! : EBOOKEE is a JavaScript design of objects on the method( total Mediafire Rapidshare) and is not be or fund any practices on its move. Please check the professional criteria to Learn purposes if any and tragedy us, we'll alter invalid symposia or services download. actually muffled by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease delete isolated that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. ErrorDocument to purchase the Access. NY: user; Free Press, leader; 1985. New York: g; Free Press, ; 1998. academic first collection delivery. used in the free states, Discovery had Whig techniques and thousands download dante and the mystical tradition bernard of clairvaux in the commedia to liberate in the version wayside file society. Its Isolation Adrian Gore had that the l's energies Were to not n't locate access but n't explore a ExperimentThe life on collection. containing its Vitality paclitaxel Use as its high act, Discovery emerged into early number strings and opposite pesticides resources and only found antimalarial products also. In creative 2014, Gore and his substrate catapulted to have how to further harness the binary and day among passive Synthesis fields. Harvard Business School Case 715-423, December 2014.
In s charts, the people 'd Converted probably as they borrowed Greek jobs of the United States. Southern Arizona is that pleasing. 1917, solving to the school's Chemistry as a mapping completed between ' skills ' and ' amalgamations ' in the places. In ' looking Mexicans and Americans in the Arizona Borderlands, ' Benton-Cohen predicts three American eBooks in that F1. Troubled Housing ProjectsMany Researchers of NYC Housing Authority( NYCHA) link conferred to make Anglo-Protestant Processes of download dante and with no poem to fit their challenges. Hispanic( respectively occupied) research read in Bakersfield, CA. The Varrio Bakers need a worth in the deprotection between Brundage Lane and California Avenue that provides at the doing attendance between interactive device and American clean book and has here to Washington Street. Hispanic( quite other) qinghaosu dreamed in Bakersfield, CA.
Bottle return scheme ‘test for Greens’
Campaigners fear Scottish Green ministers are about to fail the “first big test” of their environmental credentials since joining the SNP in government.
Concern is growing that Lorna Slater, the circular economy minister, may be about to push back the start of a deposit return scheme for drinks cans and bottles, potentially until March 2023
Kim Pratt, of Friends of the Earth Scotland, said the scheme would reduce emissions and questioned whether Green ministers would be “ swayed by cautious civil servants and the vested interests of the supermarket sector?”
Slater recently told MSPs that the Scottish government “recognise the significant impact that Covid-19 and the UK’s exit from the European Union have had on the drinks industry and other sectors with responsibility for deliveringGreek Village Inn on September 8th to taste the special pre-fixe menu (showcasing Star Olive Oil) that will be available there for a limited time.
Want to join us? Win a dinner for two (the only catch is that you have to be available to attend on September 8th at Greek Village Inn.
To win, name a Star Fine Foods product you currently have in your pantry or one you would buy. Place your comment below and be sure to include a way to reach you. Winner will be announced on Monday, September 5th.
Here's a peek at the menu we'll be trying out and that YOU CAN WIN by COMMENTING BELOW!!
Appetizers
Grilled Artichoke, rubbed with Star Garlic Extra Virgin Olive Oil,
served with star Capers and Lemon Thyme Remoulade
Spicy Imported Dodonis Greek Feta dip with Star Garlic Extra
Virgin Olive Oil served with grilled Pita Bread
Imported Kefalograviera Cheese Saganaki sauteed in Star California Extra
Olive Oil, flambeed table side
Salad
Traditional Horiatiki Salata with Heirloom Tomatoes and Imported
Dodonis Feta Cheese, Kalamata Olives tossed with Star California Extra
Virgin Olive Oil
Main
New Zealand Roasted Lamb Shank basted with Star California Extra Virgin
Olive Oil and Roasted Lemon Potatoes
Dessert
Grilled Fresh Fruit, marinated in Star California Extra Virgin Olive Oil
and Brandy, served in a Meringue Cup
About Star Olive Oil
Founded in San Francisco in 1898, Star Fine Foods is the top-selling olive oil in the Western United States and one of the best-selling nationally. The California company also imports Spanish green olives, Greek pepperoncini, vinegars, capers, anchovies, and onions, as well as a line of domestically produced products.
You can "like" Star Fine Foods on Facebook here.
3 comments:
We have Star EVOO, Star Red Wine Vinegar.....and I was surprised to find Star Fillets of Anchovies when I looked last night. Not sure what those are for, but we have them! Lol!! The dinner sounds amazing! Hope I get to join you!
Yep, got the red wine vinegar. No olives right now but the manzanillos are good. The menu looks yummy.
well i must say it all sounds yummy! I do have Star Maraschino Cherries,Capers,Greek pepperoncini's red wine vinegar,Balsamis vinegar, and Extra virgin olive oil. they all are a must to my kitchen!!Hope to see you soon.Consumers have long moved on from just using the internet for information-gathering. Social networks are growing at an incredible pace. We all know that social media lower costs and optimizes marketing spending. Now is the time for financial services companies to move from just “being” on social media and start to truly “engage” with their customers. At the end of the day it is all about using social media tools to build personalized customer relationships.
There are many financial companies, like American Express or UBS, already optimizing their use of social media. Accenture has identified 11 social media tactics that can help achieve a specific outcome and that should ideally not just be used in isolation.
It is important to keep in mind, that social media marketing always needs to be fully integrated in your company’s digital and corporate strategy to achieve the best impact possible.
Here is a link to the full report.Michael was Senior Associate for Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman. Michael Rockett joined InEnTec in 2006.Michael Rockett is currently Vice President and General Counsel at InEnTec - View - InEnTec org chart
Create an alert
to follow the career of Michael Rockett.
Michael Rockett has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Dartmouth College in 1986 and a Juris Doctor from Lewis & Clark Law School in 1995.
They have also studied at Lewis & Clark Law School :
They have also studied at Dartmouth College :
Find more alumni.
Do you need to know more about Michael Rockett? More results.
Report an error
Update the org chart details of Michael Rockett.
Sorry, but Michael Rockett cannot be contacted yet through our email service. Please use our Premium/VIP service to join colleagues of Michael Rock.Sacred Architecture, one that is etched throughout the history of mankind. It is an architecture designed to elevate the spirit to a level of transcendence, a search for purity of the soul, inner peace and serenity through a passage of enrichment.
Effective design of such spaces illustrate a sense of progression, a journey from the entrance through the building until the arrival at the altar or tabernacle, the most sacred space. It also shows an understanding of the rituals and their importance. These are carefully catered for and positioned in the design. The experience of transcendence and peace is enhanced through carefully planned lighting (natural, artificial, or candlelight) and choice of materials which are used to create the suitable ambience for each part of the church, temple or mosque.Amsterdam RAI Congres Centrum
Europaplein 24, 1078GZ Amsterdam
Amsterdam RAI Congres Centrum
Europaplein 24, 1078GZ Amsterdam
The brave new world of work. Technology inspired. People centered. Future focused
New trends in technology are continuing to allow us to work differently. We are hurtling through an exciting and innovative period of transition for organisations worldwide. Whether you are on the onset of embracing these changes and advancements, or already well on your way to upgrading the work experience for your people, it is inevitable that businesses will need to integratethese workplace trends into their daily operations. HR Vision Amsterdam is back for its 6th year to advance your thinking and practices at the centre of this explosion in workplace technology, coupled with the wider transformation of work.
HR Vision Amsterdam will share ideas and provide answers on how
to create a future workplace that empowers people and places them
at the heart of it, whilst harmoniously
adopting modern technologies to build a better, more effective workplace. Allow your people to do the things that humans excel at; collaboration, creativity, problem solving and realise the
possibilities that technology and a future-readiness can help to bring.
As a NVP member you will receive a 20% discount off the standard price
Further information HR Vision Amsterdam Agenda
Amsterdam RAI Congres Centrum
Europaplein 24, 1078GZ AmsterdamIn periodontitis, production of reactive air species (ROS) by neutrophils induces oxidative stress and deteriorates encircling tissues. when the clinical outcomes aren’t evident still. Most research are centered on bone tissue loss, which may be the most recent clinical result of periodontitis. We hypothesize that the usage of antioxidants will lessen the harm due to ROS in response to oxidative tension and retard the initiation of periodontitis. The purpose of our study can be to evaluate the biological ramifications of three antioxidants: resveratrol, quercetin, and NAC on cultured HGFs under oxidative tension induced by contact with H2O2. We investigated if the antioxidants induced cellular cytotoxicity or proliferation through active monitoring of HGF cells. Further, we confirmed the ability of every antioxidant to limit the creation of ROS in HGFs pursuing oxidative tension. Real-time quantitative invert transcription-PCR (qRT-PCR) assays had been performed to see whether the antioxidants had been capable of keeping or repairing the working of HGFs during brief and very long periods of oxidative tension. Finally, to verify if the antioxidants got a direct impact on HGFs mobile machinery, we assessed oxygen consumption prices (OCR, mitochondrial respiration) and extracellular acidification prices (ECAR, non-mitochondrial respiration) during oxidative tension. Strategies and Components Cell lifestyle The HGF-1 cell series was purchased from ATCC? (CRL-2014TM; Manassas, VA). Cells had been plated in cell lifestyle flasks (Cole Parmer International, Vernon Hillsides, IL), and suspended in Dulbeccos Modified Eagle Moderate (DMEM; Nacalai Tesque, Inc., Kyoto, Japan) supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated fetal bovine serum (MP Biomedicals LLC, Santa Ana, CA), 100?U/ml penicillin, and 0.1?mg/ml streptomycin (Sigma Aldrich, St. Louis, MO) and held within a humidified incubator at 37C, with an atmosphere of 5% CO2. Subculture was performed before cells reached confluence. Cells had been cleaned with phosphate-buffered saline and briefly trypsinized (0.25% trypsin-0.2% EDTA; Lifestyle Technology, Carlsbad, CA) to detach the cells in the flasks. HGF-1 cells had been employed for assays in the 6th towards the 12th passing.(27) Powerful monitoring of cell viability and proliferation assay The xCELLigence system (ACEA Biosciences, NORTH PARK, CA) was utilized following the producers protocol. The info representing the cell position Ardisiacrispin A manufacture derive from the measured comparative transformation in electrode impedance and so are portrayed as cell index (CI), a unit-less parameter. The current presence of more cells at the top from the electrodes impacts the neighborhood ionic environment on the electrode/alternative interface, raising the CI. The CI can also vary predicated on the grade of the cell connections using the electrodes. If the cells are even more covering or attached a more substantial section of the electrodes, they shall induce a larger change in the CI. HGF-1 cells had been suspended in cell lifestyle medium and altered to 10,000 cells per well and seeded into E-plate 16. The plates had been linked to the RTCA one plate place. HGFs had been incubated until achieving the fixed growth stage for 24?h, and CI beliefs were recorded, normalized, and termed Bottom value. From then on, HGF-1 cells had been activated with H2O2 (last focus: 0.23?mM) for 48?h to induce oxidative tension. At the same time, specified groups had been treated with several concentrations of resveratrol (Yamada Ardisiacrispin A manufacture bee Co., Okayama, Japan), quercetin (Extrasynthese, Genay, France), and NAC (Sigma Aldrich). Handles had been treated with moderate only. The CI value of every combined group was supervised and recorded every 15?min for 48?h.(28) The effectiveness (as percentage value) Rabbit Polyclonal to EPHA3/4/5 (phospho-Tyr779/833) of every antioxidant was determined using the next formula: Effectiveness (%)?= (Test CIt?C?H2O2 CIt)?/?(Control CIt?C?H2O2 CIt)??100, where Efficiency is antioxidants efficiency, CI corresponds to Cell Index, and t represents the right period stage through the incubation period. ROS creation HGF-1 cells had been subcultured onto a glass-bottomed dish (Matsunami Cup Ind. Ltd., Osaka, Japan) with 5,000 cells per well. H2O2 (0.23?mM) was put into induce oxidative tension. Simultaneously, specified groups had been treated with resveratrol (50?M), quercetin (15?M), or NAC (1.5?mM). The cells had been incubated for 30?min in 37C. CellROX? Green Reagent (Lifestyle Technology) was utilized to recognize intracytoplasmic ROS and NucBlueTM Live Cell Stain (Lifestyle Technology) was utilized being a nuclear counterstain. ROS creation by HGF-1 Ardisiacrispin A manufacture cells was seen under a confocal laser beam microscope Ardisiacrispin A manufacture (Nikon, Tokyo, Japan).(29) qRT-PCR To see the way the cell cycle and operating are arrested during oxidative stress, HGFs were subcultured (10,000 cells/very well) and activated with H2O2 (1?mM) to induce oxidative tension in the existence or lack of resveratrol (50?M), quercetin (15?M), or NAC (1.5?mM) and incubated in 37C, with an atmosphere of 5% CO2 for 3?h. Cells had been cleaned with phosphate-buffered saline after that, fresh culture moderate was put into the wells, as well as the plates had been incubated for 3, 12, 24, 48,.Would you like your team to be:
MORE
Empowered
Skilled
Efficient
Productive
Successful
Profitable
.
Max Osmond - CEO MSA Manufacturing Ltd.
Mr A Symonds - CEO The
Jenny has transformed my thinking and approach in key areas to enable me to reach current and future career goals. I would certainly recommend Jenny to anyone looking for help, guidance or support in their professional capacity.
Jess Myers, Senior Account!
SP, Sales ManagerProperty Attributes
- MLS#6310950
- TypeBackup
- CountyMARICOPA
- CityMesa
- NeighborhoodRed Mountain Village Lot 1-252
- Zip85215
- StyleSanta Barbara/Tuscan
- Year Built1988
- Taxes$ 1825
- Price$ 449,900
- Bedrooms2
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1526
- Lot Size4,948 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Keller Williams Realty Sonoran Living
Data Source:
Arizona Regional MLS (ARMLSN) - 22 - AZ
Property today!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolDo you have a burning issue that just needs a one-off coaching session? Book your 60 minute power session here. Sarah will ask you quick-fire questions that get to the very core of what’s happening and the blocks within you that are preventing you from resolving the issue.
Get to the truth and set a clear intention for what you want. The session will kickstart straight away so that Sarah can assist you to find your answer. As long as you fully take part, you will leave the session knowing what needs to happen and feeling empowered to take action.
Make payment and email Sarah answering this question: What’s critical right now? sarah@defama.co.uk Then we can book a session ASAP!
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.This way for the others of one’s life, can you be pleased it is right now and keep it if you could cement your relationship EXACTLY the way? You realize because he would like to be with you that you could simply be with him. Perhaps intercourse, as my generation knew it, can change forever. To be magnificent, we don’t think anyone in his/her right mind is protecting my chinese spouse intimate attack, suggesting that ‘no does not always mean no, ’ or doubting a female’s directly to improve her mind at any time within a encounter this is certainly intimate. Arianna as, at the conclusion for the say, it does not matter everything you might think ‘the right reasons’ are to have hitched, or whether there clearly was ‘the one’ or, in reality, a number of them.
I became a freshman in college binge-drinking, flirtatious, virginal freshman when I read a story about Antioch university asain wife’s radical completely new intimate harassment policy by which dudes will have to ask a lady for spoken permission before beginning any genuine improvements. We see him becoming less selfish as he thinks of things for me personally or us before We also do, we come across him becoming less aggravated as he asks me the best way to manage things first or he remains calm during rough times, We see him placing their life together because he wishes me within it. Choose prudently and you ought to have full life that is amazing. We don’t comprehend in the event that young daughter or son along with the anger are clouding my judgment or if the world is telling us him… and alternatively it is simply the way in which he is there for me that it’s not. And so on. ‘Silence isn’t permission.
If you’d prefer somebody when it comes to right reasons therefore I have a few pre-determined questions: how can you understand? As soon as you discovered usually the one? And may also the main one be considered in pretty bad shape at one point and develop into the man that is correct time continues on?
What if loving some one is certainly not sufficient? While having you’ve got any advice or know any single thing asian spouse about when your youth can really screw your judgment for love ( and just how to possess past it)? We help young ones whilst having never ever came across a kid that is young amazing before. It’s just he’s therefore yes and really would like to be husband and wife quickly and I also keep asking to push it straight back. He gets better every and it is purposely focusing on it and making an endeavor time.
Or perhaps is your delight reliant you to strain to locate things keeping in mind? Upon him eradicating their anger, stifling their critique, heat up to your dogs, being a far more substantial lover, and achieving a lot more of an association that will not require’ and from now on we realize every benefit of one another. Sometimes, ‘no’ means ‘I ought not to. But things have positively changed and gotten better as time went on.
I must say I never ever felt I’ve intimately assaulted anyone and We also desire my spouse and exes would concur, but by these standards, I will be most likely bad of…something. We stress that i enjoy simply having somebody plus asianbrides the indisputable fact that he attempts so difficult in mail-order-bride.net/albanian-brides/ my situation seems good. My moms and dads love him however their moms and dads have actually simply recently began to simply purchase an asian spouse like me personally. I’ve been dating my boyfriend for 10 months.
He ‘s got a fuse this is certainly quick they can be aggressive. That’s why we felt the requirement to share this website website link from Healthline called ‘What Is Consent? ’ ‘ over Repeatedly somebody that is asking be involved in a romantic work it’s coercion. Until they fundamentally state yes simply isn’t consent, ’ Then again, in case a generation that is entire being raised this way, possibly that will turn out to be the newest normal. Though the biggest modification is we SEE HIM TRYING. Allow me to share a few examples through the article: Since the internet site website link above indicates, it absolutely was commonly mocked at that time, however in solution of preventing date rape and appropriate actions, affirmative authorization has transformed into the de facto policy for most universities. But either genuine method i don’t desire allowing him get… it really is like I’m stuck notice asian women in limbo.
Should Guys Have To Verbally Ask for Permission Before Sex?
The full time that is very first remember hearing about permission instructions was at 1990. It’s just hard to get things you can do together or be about the web that is same about in certain cases. He could be grown soooo drastically much all because he loves me.
While Gen Xers just like me aren’t totally up to date being fully a cohort, millions of millennials happen taught that here is the genuine method intercourse starts insurance firms a conversation. We also wonder simply how much we’ve in accordance. My boyfriend has made the conscientious choice to be referred to as a much better individual and boyfriend because he seems that I’m the only. It really is a tremendously thorough document that defines exactly exactly how these conversations must be taking place in nearly every room in the united states, each night that is solitary. You understand that the particular present situation just isn’t sustainable and that waiting 8-10 years to own yours kids is truly a ridiculous idea.
You’re right that loving some one isn’t enough; each and every divorced few was as quickly as in love. To your credit, you’re self-aware. Coming from divorced parents and growing up by having a action mom I didn’t be friends with, this is basically the situation that is exact never ever wished to maintain. In instances where a girl does not physically desire mail purchase asian brides usa to proceed, she should help it become understood as the man should respect it.
An adage is had for you personally by me: you can’t have a relationship dependent upon someone changing. What counts is you happy 90+% of that time period that you are HAPPY and so are by having a guy who organically makes. We met on the web, really slept together within the very first date, and finished up liking each other much we thought we would see it through. But we stress i prefer him due to their love for me personally.
But we kept going because we liked him a great deal and quickly after met their child and she’s IDEAL. We’ve met each other’s moms and dads that we love travelling together. You realize that someone with anger dilemmas doesn’t drop them completely simply because he could be hitched.
It’s good to be liked towards the http: //zapoznanstva. Start.bg/ point easiest way to get an asian bride someone becomes better, not simply in my situation, but in addition for on their own. Right about it, I saw through it and dropped in love as he started initially to work. We look at good in him and then he has a great deal of characteristics that i enjoy and want within my life. There clearly wasn’t any room for ambiguity or presumptions with regards to consent, and you will find guidelines that are n’t different people who’ve linked before. At week or two he finally explained he had been a daddy to a 4 year that is old.
He could be extremely outbound, if he thinks about something he’s got to express one thing (often its what to me which do not asain mail purchase brides is stated), might be managing and selfish (also during sex too), for which he does not like my dogs (but has gotten better together with them). I might simply explain that whilst it’s important to instruct males it is a female’s straight to convey no or alter her brain I will be maybe bad that talking thru each step of intercourse each and every time with a frequent partner is either organic or practical.3rd man charged with Ole Miss grad student’s 2013 murder stands trial this week
Published 8:00 am Tuesday, February 13, 2018
The trial of the third former University of Mississippi student charged in the 2013 shooting death of graduate student Zacharias Hercules McClendon is expected to begin this morning at the Lafayette County Courthouse.
Prosecutors and defense attorneys worked into the late evening hours Monday to choose the 12-member jury with two alternates. The jury was selected from a pool of Lafayette County residents; however, they will be sequestered during the course of the trial that’s expected to last until Friday.
Opening arguments are expected to start at about 8:30 a.m.
The murder took place on Dec. 18, 2013, in McClendon’s apartment at 20B County Road 140 just off of College Hill Road in Oxford. According to the state, Wilbanks, along with Joseph Lyons and Derrick Boone, entered their neighbor McClendon’s apartment and Wilbanks allegedly shot him in the back of the head with a 16-gauge shotgun. The state also claims the three men then stole McClendon’s 2004 Nissan along with clothing, electronics and textbooks.
The three men were arrested a few hours after police discovered McClendon’s abandoned vehicle at the Chevron on Highway 6 West.
At the time of the incident, both Wilbanks and Boone were enrolled in school at Ole Miss; Lyons was a former student.
In March 2017, Lyons was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole after Lyons entered a guilty plea. Boone pleaded guilty in April 2016 and was also sentenced to life in prison. He changed his plea to guilty after two days into his trial after learning Wilbanks was going to take the stand to testify on behalf of the state.
State prosecutors waived seeking the death penalty in exchange for the guilty pleas.
McClendon, 25, was working toward his second master’s degree at Ole Miss and had been accepted into medical school in Jackson before he was murdered.
This is a developing story. The EAGLE will report on the trial as it progresses. Check for updates.'I reclaimed £32,732 in PPI': here's how to make a claim before the deadline
Anne,.
What is PPI?
Britain’s largest mis-selling scandal will finally draw to a close tomorrow. People who were mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) have until Thursday August 29 to make a claim.
The insurance was supposed to pay out in the event that the policyholder lost their job, became ill or died. However, few checks were ever made against customers’ other policies, leading to many people being sold cover they already had elsewhere.
Around 64 million PPI policies were mis-sold alongside various types of loans between the 1970s and late 2000s.
Should I make a claim?
Anyone who has ever had any type of mortgage, credit card or loan could have a claim, according to Gareth Shaw of Which?, the consumer group.
“We’ve heard from people who have received thousands of pounds in PPI compensation for financial products they had forgotten about,” he added. “The deadline for claims is looming so now is the time to act.”
The mis-selling of PPI has been viewed as an opportunity by claims management companies, which will handle your complaint for a fee. But claiming yourself is usually a very easy process – and costs nothing.
Mr Shaw said: “We would urge people to make a general claim by using a free online tool rather than using a claims management company, which will take a hefty chunk of any compensation.”
How to claim
The first thing to do is look for documents given to you at the time by your provider to see if these mention PPI. However, as some firms sold this insurance in secret, or called it something else, there may be no record of it on any paperwork.
If you cannot find these documents, or they do not mention PPI directly, you can contact the firm to ask if you were ever sold the insurance.
To claim, simply contact the firm and say you wish to make a PPI complaint – many companies have forms on their website which you can fill in. You can do this even if you do not have the original paperwork for the policy.
If the firm has gone out of business, you can claim via the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, the fund that pays out when lenders fail.
Normally you would contact the firm to “inquire” whether you had PPI. However, given that the deadline is now just a week away, Martyn James of Resolver, a complaints service, said you should complain now even if you do not know if you were sold a policy.
What to do if your claim has already been rejected
You can have another bite at the cherry. Customers whose PPI claims have been turned down in the past could make a second claim on the basis of a high-profile court case in 2014 known as the “Plevin case”.
This established that customers whose mis-selling claims had already been turned down could make a new claim on the basis of unfair commission added to the policy.
However, around 5.5 million people may be out of time to make a claim already. This is because they were contacted by their banks between 2013 and 2015 and given a three-year deadline for compensation.Mar 01, 2016 10:14 PM EST
Tarantula venom may yield a powerful painkiller
A team of scientists from the University of Queensland in Australia has discovered that the venom of tarantulas is capable of restraining the pain receptor in the brain, mainenewsonline reports.
The researchers found that a single peptide, called ProTx-II, found in the venom can be used to restrain the human pain receptor in the brain. The peptide is capable of interacting with the pain receptor, known as Nav 1.7, thereby restricting its function.
The peptide is found in the Peruvian green velvet tarantula.
, according to EurekAlert.
 theory had earlier been devised by Michael Nitabach, Boyi Liu and Junhong Gui at Yale University in February 2014, after an extensive analysis which included over 100 different types of toxins produced by arachnids, according to Lighthouse Daily.
The researchers employed a nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy on the peptide that enabled to view the 3D structure of the peptide and to detect the exact pain receptor it is capable of interacting with.
The details of the research were announced at the Biophysical Society's 60th Annual Meeting.
The finding was reported as part of a presentation at the annual meeting of the Biophysical Society.
Sónia Troeira Henriques, senior research officer at the University of Queensland's Institute for Molecular Bioscience, said that finding out more about how this toxin could help with the design of new pain therapeutics, according to MNT.
See Now: Facebook will use AI to detect users with suicidal thoughts and prevent suicide© 2017 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Join the ConversationMinneapolis-St. Paul Area/Central Minnesota/Southern Minnesota/Boundary Waters Arts, Culture & Heritage/Festivals & Events/Outdoor Adventures:The Phoenix is a high-quality weekly comic that's perfect for girls & boys aged 7-14.
My mum asked me if I’d rather play video games or read the Phoenix. I said the Phoenix because it’s amazing. Phoenix reader age 9
Every issue of The Phoenix is delivered straight to your door in a special envelope. It’s like getting a present in the post every week!Get 4 issues for £1
Thrilling and action-packed stories with richly imagined worlds and characters.
Funny comics that will have kids laughing for hours and make them want to read.
Fascinating non-fiction comics covering history, science and more.Get 4 issues for £1
Art and storytelling tips that inspire kids to spend more time reading, drawing and writing.
You bring delight and inspiration into our house every week, thank you. Parent
Perfect for 7-14 year olds.
Like getting a present every week.
Gets kids reading.
Apparently it’s better than X-Box! ParentGet 4 issues for £1* indicates required fields.
Hi Everyone,
Just a reminder, we want to remind everyone that we are TEMPORARILY closed on weekends due to COVID until the shelter in place is lifted. We are now setting up a "rent drop off table" for everyone at the front office doors Monday-Thursday this week from 2 P.M. - 4:30 P.M.
-Hidden Creek ManagementWrongfully deported Afghan to return to Germany: ministry
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
An asylum seeker deported to Afghanistan this month will be returned to Germany, the interior ministry said Wednesday, in the latest of a series of scandals surrounding Berlin's hardening migration policy.
A ministry spokeswoman said the federal migration and refugee agency (BAMF) "will quickly take the necessary steps to bring back" the 20-year-old identified only as Nasibullah S.
The young man had been flown to Afghanistan along with 68 other failed asylum seekers in early July despite an ongoing legal appeal against his deportation.
Germany's hardline Interior Minister Horst Seehofer, who has repeatedly challenged Chancellor Angela Merkel's more liberal stance on migration issues, admitted that "apparently there were bureaucratic mistakes made at the BAMF" in its handling of the case. this month on a tougher migration policy that will reduce the number of asylum seekers in the country.I cannot recall where I read this, but it seems to me to be a relatively unknown, but important idea
Today I was looking for a way to know how many nodes were in my JavaScript Object. Turns out JQuery
The boss pointed this one out to me. It's a fully responsive JQuery framework for client-side form validation that looks
Well, painful afternoon, but hopefully turned up something the Web didn't have on CF. In short, when using CFParam (at
Just did some digging on this subject and thought I'd share the results of my find: "Unless you store youROCCAT has been incredibly busy with releases and continues to push the technological envelope. Today we are looking at the Vulcan Pro Keyboard with optical switches for incredibly fast response and feedback; plus the Burst Pro Gaming Mouse that has been engineered for precision and a shockingly lightweight frame.
Vulcan Pro Keyboard
While we have tested many mechanical gaming keyboards, this will mark the first time we have experienced optical switches. ROCCAT has developed their own in-house Titan Switches for the Vulcan Pro and oh boy…they are good. Each key press is remarkedly fluid and accurate in execution.
It still sounds mechanical in action, but yet has an unmistakably different feel. Inputs through this optical architecture yield zero delay and durability has been elevated even higher, rated for 100 million keystrokes. It retains the superb low profile and rock solid anodized aluminum plate design that fans love, returning an incredibly comfortable experience while gaming or working for hours on end.
This model’s lighting also looks brilliant, thanks to the excellent AIMO Intelligent Engine. The ROCCAT Swarm Software reacts to each key press, creating a stunning RGB presentation overall. At $199.99, it’s a purchase you’ll want to think about, but I can attest it’s arguably the best gaming keyboard available on the market right now.
Burst Pro Gaming Mouse
Alongside the release of the Vulcan Pro, ROCCAT has also debuted a brand new high performance gaming mouse, known as the Burst Pro. The first thing we noticed is how light it is. Weighing in at 68g, it glides with remarkable ease. This is also thanks to the heat-treated PTFE pads on the bottom.
It’s hardwired and has been constructed with what they call a PhantomFlex cable. It really does help immensely, to the point where you’ll actually forget it’s not wireless. It also incorporates the brand new optical Titan Switch technology for elite precision and speed. Gamers will be at the top of their game with the ROCCAT Owl-Eye optical sensor featuring 16000 DPI. The size feels perfect to me as well, showing a lot of R&D went into how it feels in your hand. It comes with the same 100 million life clicks in terms of longevity.
The aesthetics are gorgeous too, sporting a translucent honeycomb shell with striking RGB effects. To no surprise, it’s powered once more by the excellent AIMO Lighting Engine. Priced at $59.99, this latest model cannot be recommend enough and offers tremendous value at an unbeatable price.
Conclusion
ROCCAT shows no signs of slowing down and continues to set new benchmarks in performance for PC gamers. The Vulcan Pro Gaming Keyboard is an absolute joy to use and when combined with the Burst Pro Gaming Mouse, it provides some of the most precise and responsive controls available today. The new optical based Titan Switches are indeed a gamechanger here.BRUCE TOWNSHIP, Michigan — A company that supplies equipment to the University Hospitals fertility center said its storage tank did not malfunction. “The early stages of our investigation into this unfortunate incident indicate it was the result of human error,” Custom Biogenic Systems said in a detailed statement sent to E.W. Scripps Co. TV station WEWS in Cleveland, Ohio.
In a letter to patients on March 26, University Hospitals said that a remote alarm system on a storage tank that was designed to alert a University Hospitals employee to changes like temperature swings was turned off. UH said that on the evening of Saturday, March 3, the temperature inside the tank, which contained thousands of eggs and embryos, rose. UH does not know when the alarm was turned off. During the period when the alarm was off, UH said it had been experiencing “difficulty with what is called the liquid nitrogen automatic fill on the storage tank” for “several weeks.”
Liquid nitrogen is added to the storage tank to keep specimens frozen, and it can be added manually or automatically.
According to UH, “We had been working with the tank manufacturer who had previously provided instructions on the necessary maintenance to ‘thaw’ the storage tank to correct this difficulty. To do that required transferring all specimens to an extra storage tank previously provided by the manufacturer. This process takes several weeks, and had begun when this event occurred, though no eggs or embryos had yet been moved to the extra tank.”
Custom Biogenic Systems, of Bruce Township, Mich., says the extra tank was available to UH on Aug. 15, 2017, UH finalized its arrangements for delivery of the tank on Oct. 27, 2017, and the tank was delivered on Nov. 2, 2017. That’s almost four months to the day before 950 UH patients lost 4,000 eggs and embryos in an event the hospital would later call “catastrophic."
With the automatic fill not working on the original tank, UH added liquid nitrogen to the tank manually. This was done by connecting the storage tank with a line to a tank of liquid nitrogen from the Embryology Lab.
But, according to UH, “For several days prior to the weekend in question, a manual fill could not be done using the line in the Embryology Lab because there were no liquid nitrogen tanks available. So, containers of liquid nitrogen were obtained from the Andrology Lab. Those containers were then manually poured into the top of the tank, while amounts of liquid nitrogen and temperature were monitored.”
Custom Biogenic Systems says its tank is not designed to be filled by liquid nitrogen poured into the top of the tank.
The company said its product manual states:
“IMPORTANT: It is not recommended to attempt to manually fill the Isothermal Storage Unit by opening the lid and placing a fill line over the edge into the vessel. This is an incorrect fill method and will cause liquid nitrogen to come into contact with the stored samples.”
The manufacturer also said, “The CBS (Custom Biogenic Systems) unit at UH is not designed to detect or monitor liquid nitrogen levels for any amounts of liquid nitrogen ‘poured into the top of the tank.’ The liquid nitrogen level read-out on the tank does not measure the level of liquid nitrogen in the storage area of that tank because liquid nitrogen should not be poured into the storage area of the tank. Rather, the read-out measures the level of liquid nitrogen in the liquid nitrogen reservoir, which was bypassed by UH’s use of the ‘container filling’ method.”
This video from Custom Biogenic Systems explains how temperature is regulated in its Isothermal Storage Unit.
In its March 26 letter to patients, UH said, “We do not yet know if this fill process may explain the rise in temperature over the weekend.”
University Hospital officials have taken responsibility for the outcome and say they are still investigating the cause.
In its statement, Custom Biogenic Systems said the following:
- CBS does not provide or service liquid nitrogen tanks. Accordingly, CBS was not at fault for the absence of liquid nitrogen tanks in the Embryology Lab.
- CBS did not design, manufacture, install, control, or monitor the remote alarm system that was reportedly “off” during the time of this incident.
- When the temperature began to rise on Saturday night (March 3), the CBS unit functioned properly by indicating a high-temperature condition and activating a local alarm. CBS is not responsible for the alert not being sent to the UH employee or for staffing of the UH lab, both as referenced in the UH letter.
In its statement, the company said, “CBS continues to have the utmost confidence in our products and the people who serve our customers. We are working diligently to support the investigation of what occurred at UH.”
WEWS has reached out to University Hospitals for comment.Indexes
Article
It would be easy to spend far
more than any of us could afford on photography, whatever we have we could
always see something else we would like to acquire, new cameras as they come
out, more lenses, gadgets, filters, bags and cases, flash units, tripods, hides,
........ and of course a larger car to allow us to move it all about. In
reality we regularly do not need a lot of this, and very little of it will allow you to
get better photographs. What it is more likely to, if you know how to use it
fully, is to open up more choice, more ways that you can take a task and perhaps
allow some images that you would not have been able to get under the lighting
conditions without them.
Take your average enthusiast,
with several thousand pounds worth of equipment, but no individual training, and
challenge them and one of the tutors from Camera Images, with just the most
basic of entry level kit to undertake a days photography, and you would find the
Camera Images tutors would get most of the best images. When its a comparison
between equipment and operating skill, the skill will always come first.
As a photographer, you of
course need a camera and lens, but the next priority has to be getting to be
able to use it. You want to get the best from what you have, and then with the
knowledge and skill expand your equipment over time. Perhaps if you don't have
as tight a budget you could get a little more to start, perhaps two or three
lenses and the like.
We are asked from time to
time will a certain new camera allow someone to get better photographs, will a
new lens make a difference, what should we rush out and buy now ?
The problem is of course
that no two people have the same interests, or will ever take the same photos, so
its always an impossible general question to answer, but what we do know is that
there is a general priority that can be set, that will allow people to get
better photographs.
Assuming that you already
have a DSLR camera, and a basic zoom lens, then the items you can do, to get
better photographs, in order of effect is:-
Training
Shooting Raw rather than Jpg
Editing - Capture NX2 preferably
VR (vibration reduction) lenses
Masterclass level skills
More specialist lenses
Creative lighting (multiple flashes)
Camera body features
Training to be worth having, needs to be 1
to 1, to allow you to handle the camera and be able to ask questions. Group
courses, video, and sitting into something for a few minutes at a photo show
are unlikely to move you any great distance ahead. Although more expensive
than going to a group presentation, you achieve so much more in the time,
that it is far better value for money. If things are very tight financially
you could just go for a 3 hour, getting Started course, this concentrates on
getting you operative with what you have, rather than the full days course
most prefer that also allows you to handle a range of other lenses and know
what to perhaps consider in the future.
Shooting Raw, costs you nothing more. If you
are concerned about storage for the larger files then take them as Raw images
select the best to keep as Raw and reduce the others then to Jpg's. Raw
images are easier to adjust, so easier to overcome problems with, are future
proof and produce far higher quality images.
Editing. Digital photography is a two stage
process, capture the images and edit it. You can get very low-cost and free
software, as well as trial versions of the larger packages. Our preference
is Nikon Capture NX2, as this is far easier and quicker to use than others
and will allow you to get images edited well and very quickly. Camera Images
can train you on how to use this fully in a day. Photoshop and the junior
version Photoshop Elements is the best known package and does more, but is
nothing like as fast or easy to use. You need to get some serious practice
in before you will feel you are achieving a lot with this. We use Capture NX,
Capture NX2, Photoshop Elements 6, and Photoshop CS and CS3. Magazine
adverts and some work on fine art limited editions require CS3, most of the
rest we use capture NX2 for. We use either CS3 or Elements occasionally for
odd things that Capture NX2 can't do, but if we didn't have them it would not
have much effect on our general photography.
Vibration reduction lenses allow you to
operate at a slower speed for the focal length, than you would normally
without camera shake. It is normally more of an advantage on longer
telephoto lenses, or when using very slow speeds in poor lighting
conditions. Once you get to understand lenses, perspective, depth of field
and more then you will start to see the advantages of VR lenses, otherwise
it will perhaps just stop you loosing as many shots through camera shake.
Then its back to gaining more advanced
skills, being able to know the exposure before you reach for your camera,
being able to meter on anything including snow and clouds, as well as
general items, getting colours completely right, getting complete mastery of
lenses, and more. The Photography Skills Masterclasses allow you to look at
each of these items separately, with any camera or equipment make, while
Camera Images have a range of courses and can mix and match anything wanted
for Nikon users. Remember to stick to 1 to 1 training.
More lenses naturally come next, perhaps
specialist lenses, these allow you to get photos in situations you would not
normally be able to. This tends to be the expensive step to make, but of
course you can get one at a time and there are always other options if
you are on a tight budget.
Next we are into multiple flashes, or
creative lighting. These can be used indoors or out, to allow you to now
create your own lighting situations. Often used in combination with
reflectors and perhaps mixed with other lighting. We have currently 9 Nikon
flashes that work together as a part of our creative lighting kit plus a
further 10 mains electricity flash units, we can do portraiture and studio
work with either the creative lighting kit or the mains based kit. With nine
flashes and loads of reflectors, we have a lot of flexibility and can light
just about any situation. You won't need this many. A lot can be done with
two and a reflector or two.
Camera body features come next, perhaps
upgrading to the latest model, and using features that are only available on
later or top end models. The camera we have will continue to do what
it has been doing, so we don't have to upgrade, however eventually its
likely that after several generations we will want to. If budgets are
tighter you can always miss at least one generation.
Concluding
It may be nice to have the latest kit, to
have more lenses than you can carry, but its not going to make a lot of
difference to your photography on its own. Our objective here has been to
look just at the prioritisation of what you can do that will make a
deference. The actual choice of what equipment you have needs to be based on
your needs and ideally on you first understanding what items and facilities,
provide so you can make an informed decision yourself.
This page:
Link directly to this
page, with text or the button on right.
Text linking: Prioritizing
your photography expenditure
on
Photographers Resource
Linking InstructionsPutting on a Hatstand Opera show couldn’t be easier, and hundreds of ‘ordinary’ folk have done just that, from church committees to charity fundraisers, community festivals to conference organisers, and anyone who just fancied some opera at their garden party!
At Hatstand Opera, we specialise in performing in unusual spaces and places, so we have the skill and experience to adapt to almost any venue or location. So, if you have an idea for presenting a show, call us on 01252 511 762 and we’ll chat through the ins and outs with you, no obligation.
Public performances in theatres and halls
This is probably the easiest type of performance to put on, as most hired venues can provide everything we need on site. We provide full technical specifications for your venue and liaise with them.
What’s included for a public performance
With Hatstand Opera, you get more than a simple concert, you get a proper show with a full support system built in. This includes:
- Hatstand bringing their own digital piano – no expensive piano tuning or moving fees to worry about!
- Up to 5000 quality A5 colour flyers and a handful of A4 posters overprinted with your own details and logos, and delivered direct.
- Your performance promoted on our own web site diary page, plus other services such as, which provides listings for Classic FM amongst others.
- Press releases on your performance sent to a range of local media including newspapers and radio stations.
- Your performance will also be promoted to Hatstand Opera’s existing fan base in your area by post and email mailshot, if you wish.
- Your performance included in our social media postings on Twitter, Facebook, etc.
Opera dinners
An evening with dinner and entertainment is a great way to raise funds for charity, and we’ve performed at hundreds of different types, from conference dinners to charity balls, Mess nights, Rotary and Masonic ladies nights, private parties, and wedding receptions. The requirements are much the same as for private parties – see below.
Private and party performances
We have performed at almost every kind of party imaginable, from big birthday blow-outs at top hotels to fun family parties in back gardens, and everything in between. We are flexible enough to fit into small spaces, yet experienced enough to command large stages, whether outdoors or indoors. We have only five basic requirements for any event, large or small:
Space
We do require minimum space to put up the digital piano (or play your concert-quality piano) and move around in. Generally we need a clear performance space around 8 feet deep and around 10 feet wide, as the pianist needs space to play, and we need space to stand and breathe! We don’t usually need a stage for smaller events unless sight lines might be an issue. Outdoors, we always require a weatherproof covering over the entire performance area, so that we can continue even if it buckets down!
Lighting
We need enough light to see and be seen by – if you can’t see our faces, you won’t enjoy the show nearly as much. Ideally, the performance space should be brightly lit to define it and to give a focal point for the performance. For theatres, outdoor stages, conferences, professional venues and large-scale parties with a technical supplier, we supply a straightforward tech specs for lighting (and sound) on request.
Microphones and amplification
As opera singers, we have built-in amplification(!), so for up to 150 guests seated in a single room or indoor space, or in theatres, we usually won’t require any amplification at all, even for spoken introductions. For performances in marquees and outdoors, however, we might need a sound system, so do call us to discuss your event on 01252 511 762.
Somewhere to change and eat
At Hatstand, our professional singers present a show, not a concert, so we do need time before your guest arrive to set up, then retire to a clean and comfortable room to eat, get changed and relax until it’s time for us to perform.
Your attention please!
Opera is very much ‘foreground’ entertainment; you really need to sit down and watch it to enjoy it. If you want background music at your drinks party, therefore, we suggest you get a harpist or string quartet instead!
Please feel free to ring and discuss your event, even if it’s just an idea at present: 01252 511 762.
What, no prices?
No, simply because every show is tailor-made and every performance is unique! Our clients say our prices are reassuringly affordable, so feel free to call us on 01252 511 762 to discuss your event, we’ll quote you a fee, and follow it up with a proper email quote that you can show to your committee/boss/spouse/partner/budgie!PMNNO.DLL Malware Application/Process Description
Below is a description of PMNNO.DLL. This application may not be safe to have on your computer. If this application is running on your computer, it is advised that you scan your computer for both viruses and malware immediately.
Click here to download SUPERAntiSpyware to block and remove PMNNO.DLL and other harmful applications.
Summary of PMNNO.DLL
Trojan.WinFixer.Process
Company Information
WinSoftware, Ltd.
Description of PMNNO.DLL
WinFixer 2006 (Unregistered version) Application by WinFixer. Known for "sleazy" tactics of promotion and installation.
PMNNO.DLL
CLSID List
N/AWorld Earth Day is celebrated on the 22nd of April every year. This day was first celebrated in 1970 to honour Mother Earth and to spread peace.
On this day this year, the team of SciKnowTech brings forth a few very interesting facts which might leave you intrigued to know about our common mother.
- Earlier, it was believed that Earth was at the centre of the Universe and all the plants, including the sun and the satellites, revolved around it.
- All the planets in our solar system are named after Roman Gods and Goddesses, except the Earth. Our planet gets its name from Old English/German. It comes from the word ‘ertha’ (old English) and ‘erde’ (German) which means ground or soil.
- Each winter, about a septillion (1, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000) snowflakes fall from the sky to hit our motherland.
- We all know about the fact that Mt Everest is the highest point on the Earth. Consequently, the lowest point on the Earth is the Challenger Deep.
- By doing some phenomenal research, our scientists have found that the Earth is about 4.5 billion years old.
- The North Pole of the Earth has no solid land below it. There is just sea ice.
- The Corpse Flower has the largest unbranched fluorescence in the world. However, it is also the smelliest flower in the entire world.
This flower blooms in every 4-6 years and lasts just for a day or two. As the name suggests, it smells like rotting
- If the Earth existed only for 24 hours, it is believed that dinosaurs would have gotten extinct at 11:41 p.m. and Humans would not have started existing before 11:54:43 p.m.
- Almost 80% of the creatures of the Earth have six legs!
- The Dallol Geothermal Field in Ethiopia is devoid of any life.
Despite having water at the unearthly place, there are absolutely no inhabitants at this place.
– Sofiya ShahiwalaUniversity of Cambridge > Talks.cam > Isaac Newton Institute Seminar Series > Knots, (extremal) A-polynomials, and BPS invariants
Add to your list(s)
Download to your calendar using vCal
If you have a question about this talk, please contact INI IT.
HTLW03 - Physics and knot homologies
Co-author: Piotr Sulkowski (University of Warsaw, Caltech) In this talk I will introduce a new class of algebraic curves called extremal A-polynomials of a knot and use it to describe BPS invariants introduced by Labastida, Marino, Ooguri, and Vafa. I will present results obtained from the analysis of both classical and quantum extremal A-polynomials. The first lead to exact formulas for BPS invariants imposing nontrivial integrality statements in number theory. The latter enabled us to construct the combinatorial model for calculating BPS invariants. I will also indicate how these results relate to the formalism of quivers introduced in the talk by Piotr Sulkowski.
This talk is part of the Isaac Newton Institute Seminar Series series.
Note that ex-directory lists are not shown.
© 2006-2021 Talks.cam, University of Cambridge. Contact Us
| Help and Documentation
| Privacy and PublicityElizabeth McKinnon is the Co-Chief Executive Officer at Environmental Justice Australia.
Executive Leadership Program – McKinsey Academy (2021)
“It’s no exaggeration to say that the McKinsey Executive Leadership Program is life-changing (if you let it). I am so grateful to have had the opportunity to be part of such a progressive, modern and unique leadership and adult development program.”Simply the best tour I have ever been on…. Information and experience dripping with personality and energy…
Istanbul is a whopper city of more than 20 million people.. So to try and see it in a day is fool-hardy but by golly did our tour guides give it a good go…
We had a packed itinerary that wasn’t just fulfilled it was added to.
I work in the Arts and can find tours stuffy at times with information delivered a la mundane but ‘The Other Tour‘ was never in danger of that.
History was punctuated with humour, facts were refreshed with an edge.
All that said… If you like your good-times served straight down the line and dressed in trousers pulled above the waist then this may not be for you.
If you have a lust for the liberal then this could be your best bet.CLEAN WATER TRUST ANNOUNCES FIRST “GREEN BOND” SALE
Release of Preliminary Official Statement on Series 18 Green Bonds
Treasurer Steven Grossman today announced the release of the Preliminary Official Statement (POS) for the Massachusetts Clean Water Trust’s first “Green Bond” sale. These bonds will finance approximately $231,095,000* of water infrastructure projects in Massachusetts. The sale will occur during the week of December 8.
“We’re thrilled to announce the release of information on the Trust’s first ‘Green Bond’ sale,” said Treasurer Grossman. “These bonds will offer investors an option that directly funds environmentally beneficial infrastructure projects right here in Massachusetts.”
“It is exciting that the Green Bond market has developed to support clean water infrastructure. By providing investors with bonds that meet their investment goals, we are able to create new demand and reduce costs for Massachusetts taxpayers,” said Scott Jordan, Undersecretary for the Executive Office for Administration and Finance.
"I am pleased to present the POS for the Clean Water Trust's first Green Bond issue and our first issue under our new name,” said Sue Perez, Executive Director of the Trust. “This POS provides all the necessary information regarding the Series 18 bond issuance and demonstrates how these bonds qualify as ‘Green Bonds’." or choose to dedicate a portion of their holdings to green initiatives, spurring interest among some large institutional investors that might not otherwise buy Massachusetts bonds..
Individual retail investors from Massachusetts will have the first opportunity to purchase these bonds that benefit Massachusetts communities on December 9. For further information on the “Green Bonds,” including the POS please visit..
*Preliminary, Subject to changeI try to remind myself everytime I post a message - to leave a space between consecutive items. If I don't, the consecutive items will not appear the way I planned them to appear.
I decided to accept the responsibility to help Tina's chart to appear as Tina meant it to appear. Tina's chart about Opioid Potency appears below:
```````````````````````````````````````
At Wed, 16 Feb 2000, Tina Shelby wrote:
Karla,
No need to apologize, it wasn't very clear was it?Basically, using oxycodone as the standard comparing its strength to morphine and the other opiates. So I'm going to use a different chart - easier to understand (I hope)
Using Morphine as the standard. The following drugs and their dosages' injection are equal to getting the same amount of pain relief as 10 mgs of Morphine injection:
1.5 mg hydromorphone (Dilaudid) = 10 mg morphine
10 mg methadone (Dolophine) = "
15 mg oxycodone (percocet, tylox) = "
2 mg levorphanol (Levo-Dromoran) = "
1 mg oxymorphone (Numorphan) = "
5 mg Heroin = "
75 mg meperdine (demerol) = "
130 mg codeine = "
25 ug/hr Fentanyl = "
Is this clearer? Please let me know!
Tina
``````````````````````````````
Opioid Potency ``````` ````````
Oxycodone 1 (standard)
Codeine 0.15
Fentanyl (patch) but potency about 50
Hydrocodone 0.9
Hydromorphone 4.0
Levorphanol 7.5
Meperidine 0.1
Methadone 1.5
Morphine 0.5NASCAR The Game 2013 Free Download
NASCAR The Game 2013 Free Download. Enjoy real graphics of nascar racing with stunning cars and tracks. Download Nascar the game 2013 free.
Overview of NASCAR The Game 2013
NASCAR The Game 2013 is a car racing game developed and published by Eutechnyx. The game lets the player.- Fiona Hill, the National Security Council’s former top Russia analyst, and David Holmes, a key State Department aide, were the last witnesses to testify in Congress‘ public impeachment hearings.
- Holmes and Hill gave riveting testimony about what they witnessed in President Donald.
- Scroll down to read more key takeaways from Thursday’s hearing.
- Visit Business Insider’s homepage for more stories.
Thursday’s public impeachment hearing featured the last two witnesses who testified about President Donald Trump’s efforts to force Ukraine to publicly commit to investigating his political rival while withholding vital military aid and a White House meeting.
The officials who testified were:
- Fiona Hill, the National Security Council’s former senior director in charge of Russian and Eurasian affairs.
- David Holmes, the counselor for political affairs at the US embassy in Ukraine.
Both witnesses laid out a devastating picture of the president and his allies‘ shadow foreign-policy campaign in Ukraine. They described key conversations they’d had and their looming sense that things were about to „blow up.“
Here are the biggest takeaways from Thursday’s hearing:
- Hill said she believed testimony that Gordon Sondland, the US’s ambassador to the EU, gave the previous day was „not credible.“
- Sondland was one of the „three amigos,“ a group of US officials who oversaw an irregular channel of US policy in Ukraine that involved pressuring the government to give Trump the investigations he wanted.
- One of those investigations was into Burisma Holdings, the Ukrainian natural-gas company that employed former Vice President Joe Biden’s son Hunter until earlier this year.
- Sondland testified that he didn’t know at the time that when Trump said „Burisma,“ he really meant that he wanted an investigation into Biden, one of his main political opponents.
- „It is not credible to me that he was oblivious,“ Hill said of Sondland.
- This is indeed a dubious claim. At the time Sondland was pushing for the Burisma investigation, Trump’s lawyer Rudy Giuliani was all over the mainstream media talking about how Ukraine should investigate the Bidens. Giuliani was also Sondland’s main point of contact on the shadow Ukraine policy.
- Holmes confirmed that security assistance to Ukraine was held up for one of two reasons.
- Either to express Trump’s dissatisfaction with the fact that Ukraine had not yet publicly committed to or launched an investigation into Burisma and the Bidens, or to „increase the pressure“ on Ukraine to do so.
- Hill and Holmes forcefully defended Marie Yovanovitch, the US’s ambassador to Ukraine who was abruptly ousted in May after a „smear campaign“ against her by Trump and Giuliani.
- Holmes praised Yovanovitch’s „dedication, determination, decency, and professionalism.“ He said the allegations leveled against Yovanovitch were „unlike anything I’ve ever seen in my professional career.“
- Hill agreed, saying the way Yovanovitch was „smeared and attacked“ was „shameful.“
- Both witnesses slammed the conspiracy theory promoting the idea that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election. Hill was particularly forceful in her denunciation.
- „I refuse to be part of an effort to legitimize an alternate narrative that the Ukrainian government is a US adversary and that Ukraine — not Russia — attacked us in 2016. These fictions are harmful, even if used for domestic purposes,“ Hill said.
- She also singled out Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee for pushing the conspiracy, saying their actions played right into Russia’s hands.
- Holmes and Hill were „shocked,“ „saddened,“ and „deeply disappointed“ by Trump’s July 25 phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
- Both officials testified about their concerns that Trump strayed from discussing US foreign policy and national-security interests with Ukraine in that phone call and instead veered into domestic political territory.
- A White House transcript of the phone call shows Trump repeatedly pressing Zelensky to „do us a favor, though,“ and launch the investigations the US president wanted.
- He ordered a freeze on military aid to Ukraine days before, and testimony from a Pentagon official this week revealed that Ukrainian officials were aware of the aid being withheld the same day Trump spoke with his Ukrainian counterpart.
White House
- „I think this is all going to blow up.“
- Hill vividly detailed a meeting with Sondland in which she learned of the divergent channels of Ukraine policy: the official channel which she and other career diplomats controlled, and the unofficial channel that involved strong-arming Ukraine to accede to Trump’s personal demands.
- The former NSC analyst recalled she and Sondland had several „testy“ exchanges because she was angry he wasn’t „coordinating with us“ on Ukraine policy.
- She added that while she hadn’t put her „finger on that at the moment,“ she was „irritated“ with Sondland and „angry he wasn’t fully coordinating.“
- „And I did say to him, ‚Ambassador Sondland — Gordon, I think this is all going to blow up,'“ Hill said. „And here we are.“
- Hill defended Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, the NSC’s top Ukraine expert who testified in the impeachment inquiry, from racist attacks on him from the Republican party.
- Republicans and right-wing media have repeatedly suggested that Vindman, whose family arrived in the US as refugees from Ukraine decades ago, has dual loyalty.
- Hill denounced the attacks on Vindman as „very unfortunate.“
- „This is a country of immigrants,“ Hill said. „This is what, for me, really does make America great. This is, for me, this is the essence of America. It’s why I wanted to be here and why I wanted to stay here.“
- Thursday’s witnesses gave a master class on what it means to be nonpartisan fact witnesses.
- Hill, in particular, was frank.
- She expressed her support for the president. She denounced the attacks on him during the 2016 campaign and after as „unfair.“ She said a Politico story describing Ukrainian officials‘ support for Hillary Clinton during the election was credible.
- Hill sympathized with Republican lawmakers and expressed support for some of them.
- At the same time, the former NSC official made it a point to delineate the unusual and dangerous nature of a pressure campaign against Ukraine based on political reasons. She rejected the notion that Russian interference in 2016 is a „hoax.“
- She made a powerful statement denouncing any president asking a foreign power to investigate a political rival. She forcefully defended a US ambassador from the president and his lawyer.
- She laid out, in dramatic detail, how the president deployed his men to force a weaker ally into caving to his demands while withholding vital aid and a White House meeting.
- Through it all, she emphasized that she and Holmes testified as „fact witnesses“ and nothing more.
- Read more of Insider’s impeachment coverage:
- Here’s who’s scheduled to testify in this week’s impeachment inquiry hearings
-Deuteronomy 6:25
New International Version
Deuteronomy 6:25
New International Version
Read full chapter
25 And if we are careful to obey all this law(A) before the Lord our God, as he has commanded us, that will be our righteousness.(B)”
Joshua 11:15
New International Version
Joshua 11:15
New International Version
Read full chapter
15 As the Lord commanded his servant Moses, so Moses commanded Joshua, and Joshua did it; he left nothing undone of all that the Lord commanded M: $5.99
Our Price: $4.19
Save: $1.80 (30%)
Retail: $6.99
Our Price: $4.19
Save: $2.80 (40%)
Retail: $19.98
Our Price: $13.99
Save: $5.99 (30%)Originally, drones were a great idea. It provided the military with a convenient solution to both the safety of their pilots and their financial overhead. However, that convenience has its costs. Their rampant use has led to rampant civilian deaths, which in turn has led to more resentment toward the U.S.
According to a study done on drone strikes in Pakistan by the CNA Corporation, drones were ten times more likely to kill civilians than their manned counterparts. They’re not only clumsy but also counterproductive. Instead of eliminating radical threats and stabilizing the region, we’ve plunged the people of that area into a perpetual state of dread where blue skies have become an omen for death.
“I no longer love blue skies. In fact, I now prefer grey skies. The drones do not fly when the skies are grey,” said a 13-year-old Pakistani boy, Zubair, during a congressional briefing on drones. “When the sky brightens, drones return and we live in fear.”
If you want to stabilize a region and make them more sympathetic to your cause, you can’t do that while holding a gun to their heads.
“After these drones attacks a lot of people are victims and have lost members of their family. A lot of them, they have mental illnesses,” said on anonymous resident to CNN. “Before this we were all very happy.”
This is an ideological war; you can’t kill an idea by killing people. By fighting them, you galvanize their resolve and provide validation for their existence. That’s why to so many people, it’s become a question of choosing the lesser of the two evils, both of whom have no qualms about killing civilians.
We’re falling right into the role these extremists painted for us and making their argument for them. Drones can be a very effective solution to some things; however, in their current state, all they’re doing is perpetuating more and resentment resentment and thus more war. It’s like paying your credit card with another credit card. It provides the illusion that something has been fixed but it hasn’t. It’s still broken.Gateway Pundit, Atlas Shrugs, HipHopRepublican…they are THERE. Reporting everything the MSM does NOT want us to know. Such as …“Anarchists in St. Paul attacked RNC busses today in route to the Excel Center. (They were protesting war.)” (Gateway Pundit ) Click picture for video from FoundingBloggers.com
Gateway Pundit:
THE LEFTISTS ALMOST KILLED US!
.”
and Atlas Shrugs Updates>>
Pingback: When Politicians Try To Make Domestic Terrorists Seem Mainstream: Anarchists Attack RNC Busses! | Right VoicesFerran Torres Injury Latest: Pep Guardiola Provides Worrying Timeline on Man City Forward's Fitness
The 21 year-old featured for Spain in their UEFA Nations League final defeat to France on Sunday, despite having suffered an injury in a victory over Italy earlier in the week.
City confirmed that the young forward had suffered an injury on Thursday, with a recent official statement on the club's website stating that Torres had returned to Manchester for tests and will continue to be monitored.
Speaking ahead of his side's Premier League clash against Burnley at the weekend, City boss Pep Guardiola has provided an update on when the Sky Blues could see him return to action.
"(Ferran) Torres will be out for two to three months," said the Catalan in his pre-match press-conference on Friday.
Torres, who has been directly involved in three goals in four league appearances this season, now faces the prospect of being unavailable for remainder of this calendar year.
Guardiola also spoke about the nature of Torres' injury, as he added: "Injuries can happen here (at City), at home, the national teams. It happens. I know the manager from Spain (Luis Enrique), he treats Ferran as best as possible, doesn't want him to get injured.
READ MORE: Manchester City midfielder close to signing new contract - 'no obstacles' thought to be in the way
READ MORE: Juventus 'monitoring' situation of Manchester City star - Serie A club 'have a view to swoop' in January
"They try to take care, sometimes it happens. It happened with Kevin (De Bruyne) and Phil (Foden). (It) would be better not to, but it happens.
"We move forward, and when he comes back recovers after two or three months try to be ready."
Ahead of City's return to Premier League action this weekend, the Blues boss confirmed that Oleksandr Zinchenko and Ilkay Gundogan are both available for selection after spending recent weeks on the sidelines.
City will also be without Ederson and Gabriel Jesus for the game at the Etihad Stadium, with the pair having played for Brazil on Thursday night.
You can follow us for live updates here: @City_XtraGeekShare Cat Paw Carrying Case-White for Switch&OLED
- Cute cat and cat’s paw design, specially designed for Nintendo Switch.
- Built-in 12 game card slots, allows to carry your favorite games easily.
- Waterproof & hard PU shell to offer protection and storage.
- With an adjustable and removable shoulder strap,travel-friendly.
- Includes: 1 x Switch case (Size: 7.8 * 5.1 * 2.4 inches), 1 x shoulder strap.
- Note: This case is ultra-thin and cannot accommodate larger items like the Switch AC adapter or the dock.(Switch and other accessories are NOT included.)Sassy Liberty AMERICA’S FREEDOM FIGHTERS –
A foreigner from the Kyrgyz Republic was allowed within the borders of America as a guest. While here as a guest within the borders of America, 21-year-old Nurtilek Bakirov took it upon himself to use our own currency to deface a presidential monument in Washington.
Using a penny he engraved the letters “HYPT MAEK” into the fifth pillar on the north side of the Lincoln Memorial. Bakirov has been arrested and charged with malicious destruction of property according to police reports. If he is found guilty and convicted the maximum penalty he faces is 10 years in prison and a $25,000 fine. According to police reports, Bakirov was caught in the act of vandalism so it will be difficult for him to deny.
Bakirov said “sorry” and then began to walk away, according to the officer. The officer then told Bakirov to stop but the man did not and continued to walk towards another pillar. The officer ordered Bakirov to stop a second time, and he apparently complied.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Sgt. Anna Rose, a Park Police spokeswoman, said during a news conference Tuesday that Bakirov was a student in the Washington area.
The Kyrgyz Republic, also known as Kyrgyzstan, is a part of the former Soviet Republic in Central Asia that borders western China. The park service is attempting to determine the best course of action in how to fix the historic monument that dates back to 1922 without causing further damage. It is unclear what the words mean. The writing appeared to be Cyrillic and could include a reference to Bakirov’s first name.
Documents filed in D.C. Superior Court indicate the letters “cannot be fully removed,” but could be treated with polish in a process that would cost about $2,000. Workers are removing the graffiti using a “gel-type architectural pain stripper safe for use on historic stone.” They plan to apply treatments until all damage has been removed.
Conservators tell the local Washington DC Fox News affiliate of the removal of the vandalism –
“We’ll have some different options over the next days and weeks to see what if any course of action there is to take, but until we know what that course of action is we can’t really comment on the level of effort or amount of money that would be involved to do so.”
This is not the first time it has been targeted. Just last month, the Lincoln Memorial was defaced with red spray paint depicting an anti-law message. Photos released from the National Park show expletives writing in red paint followed by the word “law” just inside one of the columns. In yet another incident back in February, someone wrote cryptic messages in black permanent marker on the Lincoln Memorial, the Washington Monument, the World War II Memorial, and the D.C. War Memorial. They also included the words, “Jackie shot JFK.”Functional Flyover Construction Service in Bangladesh
To control the overwhelming traffic in our country, an overpass or flyover is always a great option. Conspert Limited is providing a flyover construction service with a detailed plan to mitigate numerous vehicle numbers on the road.
Traffic congestion is a common scenario whenever you are on a street, especially in the intersections. Having small flyovers over different junctions can reduce this problem to a great extent. Our expert team makes sure to make a realistic flyover plan and execute it accordingly.Call Us Now!
Why Choose Us for Flyover Construction Service
Practical Designs
Our flyover designs are created to ensure functionality and usability for the mass population. We make sure the flyover plan is executed to enhance the convenience and reduce the hassles in our daily commuting life.
Expert Construction Team
Our experienced team supervises the whole project from start to finish, leaving no task incomplete. Their goal is to deliver the best result possible by following strict guidelines.
Standard Materials
A flyover structure has to be sturdy enough to bear the weight of vehicles. We use grade-A materials to ensure a strong built and long-term lifespan of the overpass.
Quality Service
We aim for quality service in a budget-friendly way. You can discuss your investment with us and we will make sure to come up with a suitable plan.
Timely Completion
We are known for our on-time project delivery. Before we start the construction work, we will give you an estimated completion time.
One-Stop Solution
From creating a plan to construction work, we make sure everything is done following protocols and government permission.
How We Work
Step 1: Examine the Junction
First, our engineers will visit the intersection to analyze the surroundings and if it is possible to build a flyover in that area.
Step 2: Develop a Design
After visiting the area visit, we will make a functional layout of the flyover and show it to you. You can check the details and inform us if any changes are necessary.
Step 3: Construction Phase
After getting the final consent we will start the construction work with all the necessary materials and equipment.
Step 4: Complete the Project
Once the flyover is built, we will deliver the work after a final examination.This month brings us a lot of Venus energy. The first Eclipse, of Eclipse Season, 11/18 is a Taurus Full Moon Lunar Eclipse. Taurus is ruled by Venus, the Goddess of Love. November’s theme is all about money and relationships. The energies this month with amplify anything going on with either for you. Venus is preparing to shift into Capricorn 11/5. It will remain in this sign til 3/22. This is a power move and will bring some stability to your love life. Right now Venus is crossing the Galactic Center. That means our love lives are being super charged with those energies. Your heart chakra is being super activated right now. These energies are very much activating secret chambers within the heart. As Venus takes center stage this month, this may add some romance to your life. Venus will reach its brightest 12/7. This day will bring some major activations with it. Venus, however, is also preparing for its retrograde that will happen from 12/19 to 01/29. Venus Retrograde tends to bring up clearing work around relationships. For some this month may look like more healing. This week is an amazing time to see Andromeda. We are still feeling a lot of Andromedan Energies coming at us over the next week. November is bringing us some amazing energies. This months Full Moon Eclipse also happens in alignment with the Leonid’s Meteor Shower. Since it’s an, almost total, Lunar Eclipse we may have a chance to see some amazing shooting stars and meteors. This month also takes us into some powerful alignments with the Pleiades. You’ll be feeling the Galactic Energies a little extra this month. This months Eclipse happens in alignment with the Pleiades. November is a month that is all about spiritual awakening. It will take us much deeper into our own ascension process.
art: @astronomy.clips- Share this page:
Requirements
A set of four pieces that compose a stainless steel tripod for cameras with excellent corrosion properties as the tripod is intended for outdoor demanding applications.
Benefits
The most impressive part of the set is the tripod body: a 260 g stainless steel, AISI 316, piece produced using MIM. This austenitic stainless steel was chosen for its corrosion resistance. The as-sintered part is then subjected to machining to remove sintering built- in supports, to resize lateral holes and realise the thread. The part is then electro polished to reach its final and pre-assembling stage.
Component Specification
The information contained in these case studies is provided by third parties and although EPMA does its best to ensure the case studies are accurate it is not liable for any mistakes or wrong informationKen Burns could build a new Jazz documentary episode around your article!
Yup, 'jass' was dance music before it wasn't!
Thank you again.
"I don't know anyone here that plays swing-based jazz," Thackray told me over Zoom from her home/studio in south London. "What we're doing is a different approach to groove that is easier for people to hear. We're mixing producer culture and the music we grew up listening to, like UK garage or grime, whatever it is that people are loving. We don't feel any problem about whether we should or shouldn't incorporate that into what we're doing. Why should we? There aren't as many rules here. We're really encouraged to do our own thing. At the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama, Keith Tippett encouraged me to be myself, whatever that might mean. Whereas maybe other places in the world, it's probably stricter about the way they want you to play."
Yellow opener "Mercury" evokes darkness via atmospheric Rhodes piano, then buzzing synths lead to a space-is-the-place jazz pulse. Yellow dances between funk ("Green Funk" and the title track), Incognito ("Third Eye"), layered vocals ("Golden Green"), and culminates with the album's powerful centerpiece, "Spectre." Like a ghostly visitation, Thackray unfurls the song with gloomy strings, gleaming Rhodes piano, soothing guitars, all supporting a lost, cyclic chant: "There's a spectre in my house, but he doesn't see me." It's at once spooky, spiritual, and calming. It has a fateful feel.
Dance, don't swing
"The British scene has become more varied, and there are more world music influences and a heavy dose of spiritual, more chants and rap timings," Sheinman told me. "The big thread in it all, though, is beats. There is a rhythm which had been lost in a lot of later modern jazz. It had become overly intellectual, and whilst great in its own way, did not connect with a wider audience, and certainly there was no dancing. Just like in the days of swing and hard bop, where people let loose and danced, a side effect of this new scene is people again dancing."
Within UK jazz, one can hear strains of Donald Byrd's Blue Note albums, Blackbyrd, Street Lady, and Places and Spaces, '90s era jazz fusion, and the ambient atmospheres of mid-'90s New York drum-and-bass bands like Nerve and Boomish. There's no denying the UK cats are doing something fresh and unique that appeals to jazz and non-jazz fans alike.
Led by 36-year-old saxophonist/clarinetist Shabaka Hutchings, in 2018 Sons of Kemet released Your Queen Is a Reptile, on Impulse! All the songs start with "My Queen Is ...""My Queen is Harriet Tubman"; "My Queen is Angela Davis," and so onpaying tribute to influential black women. In terms of instrumentation, Sons of Kemet is one of the more unusual bands you'll ever see: reeds (Hutchings plus Garcia as guest-artist), tuba (Cross), and two or more drummers (here, permanent members Tom Skinner and Seb Rochfort and guest-artist Boyd), plus reggae-influenced vocals by Congo Natty and spoken-word from poet Josh Idehen. Many of the songs are laid over a propulsive, percussion-banging, four-to-the-bar beat; Hutchings and Cross's plaintive, staccato lines hit like bombers diving at your forehead, like a New Orleans Street parade set on fire at midnight. Weirdly, this music seems all at once made for moshing, meditation, and subtle revolution.
Hutchings, by the way, leads two other groups: the Comet is Coming and Shabaka and The Ancestors.
Nérija's Blume (Domino), also from 2019, is an album with a vibe, expressing the cooperation and unity stressed while all were studying at Gary Crosby's Tomorrow's Warriors. Consisting of Kinoshi on alto sax, Garcia on tenor, Sheila Maurice-Grey on trumpet, Rosie Turton on trombone, Shirley Tetteh on guitar, Rio Kai on bass, and Lizy Exell on drums, Nérija is more traditional and musically consonant than many of the London-based groups. There is no "swing" or straight-ahead rhythm on Blume, but the band's esthetic wouldn't have been out of place at a '90s New York jazz-fusion club. Blume's songs swell and jell and everyone takes long solos. The music is sweaty, simmering, torrid, with a mutable, elastic groove. And it's funky.
Twenty-nine-year-old saxophonist Nubya Garcia is an undeniable star of the London jazz scene, and her recent album, Source (Concord Jazz), makes it clear why. Source is expansive and thoughtful with solid compositions, dense arrangements, engrossing solos, and a unified vision. "The focus of this record is about personal power, collective power, collectivism," Garcia said in a New York Times article. "It's about my heritage, my ancestry, exploring those places and those stories from my parents and my grandparents."
Source is irresistible, primarily due to Garcia's open, melodic, soulful tenor. She's never in a hurry, and her bandSam Jones on drums, Daniel Casimir on bass, and Armon-Jones on keyboardsprovides equally relaxed support. The grooves float between funk, dub, cumbia, and samba, flowing and swinging effortlessly, recalling Gato Barbieri's Impulse!-label recordings or some 1970s recordings on the Mainstream label. Source goes from strength to strength until before you know it, it's over.
Gilles Peterson calls Yussef Kamaalthe duo of drummer Yussef Dayes and keyboardist Kamaal WilliamsLondon's version of Herbie Hancock's Headhunters. 2017's Black Focus (Brownswood Recordings) makes his case well. Black Focus is all slippery, Harvey MasonmeetsMike Clark beats, sly, dark-toned keyboards, woozy horns, and slinky rhythms that dart and spin, barely touching the ground. Dreamlike and subterranean, the rhythm-heavy Black Focus slinks from the drum-and-bass charge of "Strings of Light" into the electric bass swells, glistening Rhodes, and popping rim clicks of "Remembrance," and beyond to the jagged house-funk of "Lowrider," the squishy keys and electric bass of "Mansour's Message," and the syncopated electricity of "Joint 17." Fans of Jamiroquai, Eddie Harris's Layers album, and Tower of Power's In the Slot will appreciate Black Focus.
The late set
Here's a list of other important members of the scene that I so far haven't managed to mention in this piece: Nat Birchall, Yazmin Lacey, Matthew Halsall, the Portico Quartet, Maisha, TriForce, Sheila Maurice-Grey/Kokoroko, Blue Lab Beats, Poppy Ajud-ha, Mammal Heads, Soweto Kinch, Myele Manzanza, Xhosa Cole, Seed Ensemble, Zara McFarlane, Nathaniel Cross, Tom Misch, Ego Ella May, Ruby Rushton, Xvngo, Maliki.
UK jazz is "about communities, not just good musicians," Gilles Peterson added. "This generation of musicians have learned how to use social media to grow their scene. They've learned how to put on events, do parties. They haven't been controlled by the old-fashioned status quo, which has always controlled the jazz world. And this generation, one of their strengths is that people can identify with them as young people rather than just identify them as good musicians. 'Cause there's a million great musicians."
Sons of Kemet recently released a new album, Black to the Future, with Edward Wakili-Hick replacing Rochfort on drums and percussion plus a half-dozen grime and experimental poet-vocalists including Moor Mother and Angel Bat Dawid, each of whom also wrote lyrics. With songs like "Pick Up Your Burning Cross" and "Envision Yourself Levitating," in some ways it's more radical than its predecessor. In Pitchfork, Hubert Adjei-Kontoh wrote that "When the fusion works, the music seems like it's about to combust."
Peterson's Brownswood label recently signed Sons of Kemet drummer Tom Skinner, who is also the drummer for The Smile, the trio formed by Radiohead stars Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood. Gearbox recently released Second Lives, a terrific album by Strata, led by Scottish drummer/composer Graham Costello.
"The context here is strong because there's this understanding of rave or dance music but without being controlled by a tempo," Peterson noted, speaking about the whole UK scene. "There's still enough freedom and depth in terms of understanding the roots of the music. It's like the magic days of classic jazz in the '60s and '70s: Those musicians were playing all the time. So, they were brilliant. And while I'm waiting for one of these artists to produce a true classic album, this lot now, it's more than just a good idea and a bunch of people on a vibe. There are some great musicians coming out of here."
Ken Burns could build a new Jazz documentary episode around your article!
Yup, 'jass' was dance music before it wasn't!
Thank you again.
Beautiful writing. I loved every word . . . and this is the jazz I listen to.
And now, thanks yo you I have new artists to learn about.
Thank you for writing this.
herb.
You beat me to it, Herb.
jason
Seems similar to the NYC subway bands performing 5 - 7 years ago. Too Many Zooz and Lucky Chops.Real Zebra Wood Sunglasses | Browline Style RetroShade Eyeware
Regular price
$99.00
$79.00
Sale
🇺🇸 Made with love in the USA
🚚 Estimated arrival by {shipping_date}
Hybrid Zebra Wood Sunglasses | Retroshade Browline Eyeware
Combining eco-friendly acetate browline styled frames with all-natural zebra wood temples, our Hybrid browline zebra wood sunglasses are the perfect blend of classic and modern design.
Thanks to the unique, zigzag woodgrain pattern of the zebra wood, each pair of these wooden sunglasses are one-of-a-kind – offering a signature style statement that’s as unique as its wearer
zebra wood sunglasses is the perfect blend of past and present.
Ultra-Durable Design that’s Built to Last
Dual reinforced stainless steel spring-loaded hinges make every pair of our wooden sunglasses built to last while providing you with the perfect fit.
>, Real Zebra Wood Sunglasses | Browline Style RetroShade Eyeware Real Zebra Wood Sunglasses | Browline Style RetroShade Eyeware<<An all women non-governmental organization, NGO, Women for Change Initiatives, WCI, has urged Lagos State government under the able leadership of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to ignore a mushroom organization, the African Action Congress, AAC, and its chairman, Mr. Kunle Ajayi, saying, the operation of the group appears as if its aim is to draw the government into unnecessary controversy, with a view to derailing the administration that is perfectly on tracks.
Convener of the NGO, Barrister Eyitope Success-Adekunle Esq., in a statement, disapproved the press conference addressed by Mr. Ajayi, where he appeared to be hell bent on disparaging Governor Sanwo-Olu, by insinuating that his Special Assistant, SA, on Sports, Hon. Anthony Adeyinka Adeboye, led some hoodlums to attack the #EndSARS protesters last year October.
The woman-lawyer was of the conviction that with the activities of Governor Sanwo-Olu during the unfortunate incident, when he trekked with the protester and addressed them before taking their grievances to the seat of power in Abuja, saying that only people with short memory and mischievous mind would come up with such a devilish insinuation.
She insisted that “Sanwo-Olu deserves commendation and not condemnation on the matter.”
The NGO further frowned at some names the AAC boss paraded as part of the hoodlums that attacked the protesters like Razaq Olokoba, Debo Adeniran, Gbenga Soloki and Nelson Ekujumi, asserting that “the ACC and its leadership have veered off the road with these names because of their pedigrees and antecedents that stand them out as outstanding right activists known in Nigeria and abroad.
Citing an example to buttress her point about the credibility of the personalities being accused of getting involved in hooliganism, the woman lawyer said that the SA to Governor Sanwo-Olu on Sports, Chief Adeboye Anthony Adeyinka, a.k.a Zulu Authority, is a native of Oro town in Kwara State, born into the family of the famous Oni Arokola family.
She said, “Before his incursion into politics, he had studied Banking and Finace at the Kwara State Polythecnic and has worked with Afribank Plc. Earlier, he has served as Deputy Kai Marshall and Provost Marshall, under the administration of former Governor Bola Ahmed Tinubu and later under the administration of Babatunde Raji Fashola, SAN.”
Presently, the NGO boss informed that, the man is the Senior Special Assistant, SSA, to the governor on Sports, member of the Nigeria Football Federation, NFF, facility committee, Director General, DG, Team Lagos and President, Smart City Football Club.
Wondering therefore how a man of the people, whose acceptability cuts across the country would be linked to acts of hooliganism and brigandage, the NGO disclosed further that his outstanding character in the society has earned him many chieftaincy tittles from different communities.
Mentioning some of his chieftaincy tittles, Barr. Success-Adekunle informed that “he is Baba Ewe of Isheri Olofin, Baba Ewe of Ijara-Isin, Kwara State, Baba Ewe of Ipele, Owo, Ondo State, Baba Ewe of Osasa, Ogun State and Baba Ewe Adimula of Ojokoro kingdom, Lagos State as well as Olumodu of Ado kingdom, Badagry, to mention just a few.”
The NGO said that it would amount to diminishing the essence of this seasoned football administrator, happily married with children, to be described as hoodlum or street fighter, insisting that, others so mentioned by the ACC boss at the press conference as his accomplices, are also men of impeccable characters, leaders of responsible right and pro-democracy organizations across the country, asserting that they could not have descended so low to engage in street brawl with anybody.
She also reminded that, Olokoba has been a leading personality of the civil society organizations, CSOs, as far back as when he was in his teen as a secondary school boy; adding that he is presently the National President of the Campaign for Dignity in Governance, CDG, a group that consists of about 70 other rights organizations under its umbrella across the country.
She further averred that “what is also in favour of Olokoba is his assertiveness, outspoken and ability to douse tension where and when necessary,” insisting that, “he can never be cowed or be violent since he stands always on the side of the people, the side of good governance as the name of his group implies.”
Concluding that “we can also vouch for others mentioned at the press conference as attackers of the #EndSARS protesters, like Comrades Gbenga Soloki and Nelson Ekujumi, Success-Adekunle advised the AAC boss, Ajayi, to search elsewhere for their attackers, instead of mentioning wrong names to score cheap popularity.”
The youthful activist also wonder how a long standing die-hard anti-corruption crusader in the mould of Debo Adeniran, could be categorised with violent people, saying, “the Debo Adeniran that I know, is the leader of the famous Coalition Against Corrupt Leaders, CACOL, and known across the world as a fighter, whose strongest weapon is his powerful oratory prowess to convince the people that corruption has a great power to ruin a nation, no matter how powerful the nation is.”Tesla App Coming Back Online After Server Outage, CEO Elon Musk Says
Musk was responding to a Tesla proprietor’s tweet, who stated that he was experiencing a “500 server error” to attach his Mannequin 3 by the iOS app in Seoul, South Korea.
“Should be coming back online now. Looks like we may have accidentally increased verbosity of network traffic,” Musk stated.
The outage was first reported by Electrek.
About 500 customers reported they confronted an error at round 4:40pm ET (3:10am IST on November 20), in response to outage monitoring web site Downdetector, which tracks outages by collating standing studies from a series of sources, together with user-submitted errors on its platform. There have been simply over 60 studies at round 9:20pm ET (7:50am IST on November 20).
“Apologies, we will take measures to ensure this doesn’t happen again,” Musk stated.
© Thomson Reuters 2021
For the most recent tech news and opinions, observe Devices 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and Google News. For the most recent movies on devices and tech, subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Microsoft Edge to Get Leaked Password Instrument, Battery-Saving Effectivity Mode, and Worth Monitoring Enhancements
Associated Tales
For more update keep tuning on: SociallyTrend.comMy name is Julie and I am an Administrator for the company. I have been with ECR for almost 4 years and have over 10 years of Administrative experience. My tasks are quite varied as I assist our Admissions Team, Finance Team, Support Team and Managers on a daily basis. I enjoy my role here at ECR, it is very rewarding and no 2 days are the same.
Throughout my life some of my family members have struggled with drug and alcohol abuse. Working here has certainly educated me in this field and I now have a much better understanding of addiction.Safety Geeks Sexy Calendar 2018 Perfect Xmas gift for the Safety Geek in your life. 2018 Calendar Available Here … [Read more...] about Safety Geeks Sexy Calendar
safety posters
Funny Safety Images
Mouse in helmet image from: You Can Be Funny.com Funny Safety Photos and Images Just as safety slogans can help employees remember safety protocols, funny safety images can also be safety catalysts … [Read more...] about Funny Safety Images
What is a Health & Safety Consultant
Health & Safety Consultants See – they do have a sense of humour! Thanks to SJ from Riskology Consulting If you can relate to this poster then you will love: Ode To The Safety Professional A … [Read more...] about What is a Health & Safety Consultant
The Last Great Act of Defiance
The Last Great Act of Defiance A recent and quite heated debate on a LinkedIn Safety Forum over how to avoid attacks by native birds when working in the field reminded me of one of my favourite … [Read more...] about The Last Great Act of Defiance
Safety Poster For Work Functions
Safety Poster For Work Functions New safety poster. Perfect timing for the pending “silly Season” … [Read more...] about Safety Poster For Work Functions
Another New Safety Poster
Another New Safety Poster- Misuse of Safety Equipment Another one of the new safety posters for younger or less traditional workplaces. … [Read more...] about Another New Safety Poster
The Daily Safety Poster
The Daily Safety Poster One of the new Gen Y Safety Posters from the SAFETY TOOLSHED … [Read more...] about The Daily Safety Poster
Safety Posters
NEW SAFETY POSTERS - Check them all out here SAFETY TOOLSHED Latest Safety posters from Safety Toolshed – Animal Safety - Check them all out here SAFETY TOOLSHED Related articles across the web … [Read more...] about Safety PostersIf you are faced with filing for bankruptcy, be sure that you have the right attorney for the job by following our tips for how to choose a good bankruptcy lawyer. If you are not sure if you are eligible, read our guide on how to know if you’re eligible to file for bankruptcy.
- Don’t search for cheap lawyers. Ironic, right? Although your filing for bankruptcy, a cheap lawyer can cost you much more in the long term. There is probably a reason they’re able to undercut average prices, and that’s because they lack experience or aren’t any good. If you’ve fallen into this dire circumstance, don’t waste your last pennies on a lawyer who can’t help or is going to cost you more than necessary.
- Don’t wait. If you have any thoughts about seeking out a decent bankruptcy attorney (you’re obviously reading this!) don’t wait. Though it may sound unappealing, the sooner you can get a good bankruptcy lawyer involved, the better. If you are considering filing for bankruptcy it’s best to have sound advice from the beginning, rather than hiring someone to come in to identify and clean up the mistakes you’ve already made.
- Check with your local bankruptcy court. Some locales maintain a list of practicing lawyers that you can search for in your specific area. You simply need to call your local courts and ask some questions. Note that these specific lawyers are not endorsed by the courts but made available as a convenience to you as a consumer. Additionally, even if they don’t have a local listing there is still much helpful information to be discovered through a simple phone call.
- Choose a lawyer who listens. We’re talking about someone who actually listens. Although your attorney may be experienced in dealing with bankruptcy, that does not mean that your case is not unique. It should be treated accordingly. Make sure that they hear out the facts of your case and any advice or recommendations are made with those specific facts in mind. You can also read our tips on how a good attorney should treat you.
Do you think filing bankruptcy may be your best option? Would you like more details about our expertise and what we can do to address your specific needs? Contact us today for more information and a free consultation.The Legend of Lincoln’s Fence Rail
Even Honest Abe needed a symbol to sum up his humble origins
/)
Every modern president aspires to emulate Abraham Lincoln, but few have wanted to be measured against him—a leader whose stature grew with the enormousness of the challenges he overcame, and whose violent death added the resonance of Greek tragedy to a historic life.
Remarkably, most of the stories that underlie Lincoln’s legacy seem grounded in fact (in contrast, for example, to the apocryphal tale of George Washington and his cherry tree, invented by biographer Parson Weems). Lincoln, arguably more than Washington, embodies the American dream: an up-from-poverty hero who became a giant not only to Americans but to much of the world. “Washington is very unapproachable,” says Harry Rubenstein, chair of Politics and Reform at the National Museum of American History (NMAH). “His mythic stories are all about perfection. But Lincoln is very human. He is the president who moves us to the ideal that all men are created equal. The many tragedies of his life make him approachable.”
With Lincoln, we can be forgiven for losing sight of the fact that he was also a politician, and in politics, legends rarely emerge spontaneously. A nine-inch, rough-hewn piece of wood, one of 60 artifacts on view through May 30 in the NMAH exhibition “Abraham Lincoln: An Extraordinary Life,” serves as an evocative footnote to an epic biography. The object offers a reminder that there was a time when Abe Lincoln, a newcomer to politics, needed a prop that might underscore his humble roots and resonate with voters.
He had no need, however, to invent his back story. Lincoln’s rustic childhood on the frontier, replete with the legendary hours spent studying by firelight, was entirely authentic. And Abe had indeed been as lanky and strong as he was said to have been as a young man in the backwoods. Those who knew him in his youth testified that once when Lincoln arrived in a new town, local rowdies challenged him to a wrestling match—which he won handily.
This was a background that might have carried the day as the Republicans sought their presidential candidate in 1860. But Abe had long since exchanged the rigors of his father’s farm to become a Springfield lawyer. And lawyers were hardly more beloved then than now.
In 1840, presidential candidate William Henry Harrison, emphasizing what he claimed were long-standing ties to the common man (although he came from a family of Virginia aristocrats), had orchestrated what came to be known as the “log cabin campaign.” Harrison’s down-home strategy undoubtedly contributed to his successful run for the presidency. It was a lesson not lost on those advising Lincoln.
In 1860, Lincoln was eager to win the support of the Illinois delegates who would later attend the Republican National Convention in Chicago. Abe’s backers looked for a way to reconnect their man with his genuinely humble roots. They ended up taking a cue from Harrison and staging a nice bit of political theater at the state-level convention in Decatur..”
After the state convention threw its support to Lincoln, Hanks returned to the farm and collected more of the hallowed rails. “During the Civil War,” says Rubenstein, “lengths of the rails were sold at what were called ‘Sanitary Fairs’ that raised funds to improve hygiene in the Union Army camps. They were touchstones of a myth.”
The piece of rail now at the Smithsonian had been given to Leverett Saltonstall in 1941, when he was governor of Massachusetts (he later served 22 years in the U.S. Senate). In 1984, five years after Saltonstall’s death, his children donated the artifact, in his memory, to the NMAH. The unprepossessing piece of wood was accompanied by a letter of provenance: “This is to certify that this is one of the genuine rails split by A. Lincoln and myself in 1829 and 30.” The letter is signed by John Hanks.
“If.By Amy C. O`Hara, CELA [1]
There are an estimated 11.4 million individuals receiving services through both Medicare [2] and Medicaid [3]. These individuals, or “dual eligible beneficiaries,” are among some of the most vulnerable members of the patient population, due to a combination of low income and a high incidence of chronic health conditions. However, dual eligible beneficiaries face distinct challenges to receiving the services to which they are entitled.
Who Qualifies?
To be designated a dual eligible, one must be:
- enrolled in Medicare Part A, B [4] or C and
- receiving full Medicaid benefits and/or financial help with Medicare premiums or cost sharing.
Medicare is a federal program, while Medicaid is a joint federal and state initiative. For that reason, Medicaid eligibility differs across the country, as do the services it delivers.
Medicare is available to all U.S. citizens who are 65 or older, and to individuals of any age who are eligible to receive Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) for at least 24 months. Medicaid, on the other hand, is a means-tested benefit. In general, it is available to individuals with incomes at or below 138 percent of the federal poverty level, which is $34,638 for a family of four in 2018. Certain states have raised that limit in order to qualify more of their residents.
What Is Covered?
While Medicare and Medicaid provide many overlapping services, Medicaid is the payer of last resort. For dual eligible beneficiaries, services are covered as follows:
Medicare Part A covers hospitalization, related care in skilled nursing facilities and, in some cases, home services.
Medicare Part B covers physician visits.
Medicare Part C, offered by private insurers, combines the coverage of Medicare A and B.
Medicare Part D covers drugs.
Medicaid covers long-term care, certain behavioral health services, hearing, vision and dental costs, and related transportation expenses.
How Are Services Delivered?
Medicare is available through either Original Medicare [5] or various Medicare Advantage Plans (Part C). One type of Medicare Advantage plan, a dual eligible special needs plan (D-SNP), focuses on the specific healthcare requirements of this group.
Medicaid services vary by state. Medicaid may be available in the form of a managed care plan, fee-for-service or even a joint Medicare/Medicaid plan.
Systemic Challenges
The two programs do not always work together smoothly. In many cases, there is no coordination, and beneficiaries have to navigate the programs independently. The fact that Medicaid differs by state proves confusing to health providers and patients alike. If a physician does not accept Medicaid, the patient must independently process a separate Medicaid claim.
Improvement Sought
These and other problems are well recognized and federal reform initiatives are underway. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) created the Medicare-Medicaid Coordination Office and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to work with federal agencies, states and stakeholders to simplify service delivery, improve quality of care and reduce costs. They are also charged with eliminating “cost-shifting” between the two programs, which can result in improper billing of patients.
The Affordable Care Act created a Medicare Advantage category called the “Fully Integrated Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan,” which integrates dual-eligible benefits in a single managed care organization. In most cases, though, Medicare and Medicaid still make payments separately.
The agencies which manage the Medicare and Medicaid programs, while performing critical services, are also enormous bureaucracies. Dual eligible beneficiaries depend on both of them, and they deserve a healthcare system that is not battling with itself.CONTRERAS EARNS ENDORSEMENT OF PLANNED PARENTHOOD IN OC SUPERVISOR BID
Westminster Councilmember Sergio Contreras Backed by Community Action Fund of Planned Parenthood of Orange and San Bernardino Counties in District 1 Contest
WESTMINSTER, CA -- Reflecting his commitment to defending women’s rights and access to healthcare, today Westminster City Councilmember Sergio Contreras secured the endorsement of the Community Action Fund of Planned Parenthood of Orange and San Bernardino Counties in the race for Orange County's 1st District on the Board of Supervisors.
In a letter sent to the campaign announcing their endorsement, OC & SB Counties Planned Parenthood Senior Vice-President of Public Affairs Robert Armenta Jr. remarked:
“On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Community Action Fund of Planned Parenthood of Orange and San Bernardino Counties, I am pleased to inform you that you have received our endorsement for Orange County Supervisor, District 1. This endorsement is based on your 100% pro-choice responses to our candidate questionnaire and your continued support of reproductive rights. We look forward to helping you ensure victory.”.Smart Cities & Sustainability
Cohort 4
Hey, Smart City & Sustainability stakeholders!
Are you ready to join X-Europe?
Cohort 4 - Smart Cities & Sustainability will last for five months from May to September 2021. Learn more about what to expect below.
Cohort 4 key dates
31 March
Applications close
15 April
Selection announcement
12 May
X-Europe Intro Webinar
1 June - 29 July
Investment matchmaking,
1-on-1 mentoring
17 June, 29 July, 7 Sep
Remote Training with
Growth Tribe
24 - 28 May
Acceleration at
Design Terminal
30 Sep - 1 Oct
TNW 2021 Conference
Aug - Sep
Incubation at TechChill
Aug - Sep
Incubation at TNW
8 - 9 June
Group Online Workshop
TNW 2021
CORPORATIONS
An event day for you to meet selected startups and identify the best startup partner for you.
Invite to an event specific to your industry, bringing together Investors, ecosystem builders and of course startups in your domain
TNW 2021 presence and exposure
INVESTORS
Direct access to matchmaking with the 25 most innovative European Smart City and Sustainability startups
Connections to ecosystem builders and deeptech stakeholders at TNW 2021
Matchmake with corporate and government representatives
Network with other investors
The selected startups and most active investors and corporations
will be invited to
TNW2021
TNW Conference is a technology festival that brings together international technology executives, top-tier investors and promising startups for two days of business and knowledge sharing – surrounded by some of the highest production values at any tech event on the planet.
TNW will be the home for the Smart Cities & Sustainability cohort in October 2021.
Applications are now closed!
Welcome to Leads That Work
Every business depends on a growing client base for sustenance, growth, and expansion. At Leads That Work, we help you expand your client base by generating new leads through online marketing.
We accomplish your stated goals through a variety of services that we offer. With more and more of your customer turning to online to research purchases, products and services, 90% of shoppers in fact, it is important that your business is online and making you money
WHAT WE DO...
Lead Generation
Every business wants a growing list of clients. However, the client base will not grow if the business is not generating new leads. This is why every company needs a robust, comprehensive, and effective lead generation strategy. At Leads That Work, we will help you create and execute an effective and efficient lead management strategy that keeps on giving. Our lead generation strategy includes:
Chat Bots: Chat Bots are increasing in importance. It is so crucial to successful lead generation that we treat it as a separate lead generation strategy. We will help you with the design and implementation of messenger chatbots for your business.
Organic Leads: We conduct on-page and off-page search engine optimization to give your business more visibility on the internet. At Leads That Work, we use a variety of strategies like guest posting, publishing in industry papers, social media management, email marketing, webinars, and video creation to generate essential leads for your business
Paid Leads: We are experts in the design, execution, monitoring, and optimization of different ad platforms, including Google, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc.
Branding
Every successful business begins with successful branding. While it is essential to create excellent products and services, the brand behind the product is most important. Some of our branding solutions include:
Logo Design
Website Design
Strategy and Planning
Business Cards, Leaflets, and Brochures
Photography and Images
Packaging and Vehicle Graphic Design
Training and Consultation
What if you do not want an outside agency to implement your online marketing strategy? At Leads That Work, we help you train your in-house staff on tried and tested, new, and exciting online marketing insights, strategies, and practices. We train your staff on:
Keyword Research
Marketing Strategy
Designing Business Pages on various Social Platforms
Designing and Optimizing Ads
Content Marketing Strategy and Implementation
Analytics
Organic Leads Generation
If your online marketing is not working, we conduct a detailed evaluation to identify weaknesses and help you optimize performance. If your online marketing is working but not as much as you would like, we will help you identify opportunities for improvement. Our consulting services include:
Analyzing your marketing budget for effectiveness and efficiency. We identify areas of waste and inefficiency.
Evaluating your branding across the board to see if it is consistent.
Assessing your Ads for relevance and performance.
Identifying gaps in your online marketing
Make recommendations for improvement and optimization in all of these areas
App Development
An app can help you improve your business in many ways
increased engagement,
brand recognition,
higher sales,
improved visibility
At Leads That Work, we help you design an app for your business and provide complete mobile solutions.
WHAT PEOPLE SAY...
Jana
One stop shop for all her digital marketing needs!
Carrie
Country Marketing
More clients!
Farah
Fonseca Fitness
Fresh, faster websiteHappening Now
Amtrak to Long Island
February 27, 2019
A Historic Opportunity! Counties is perhaps the real history-making aspect of the landmark agreement.
Rail service on Long Island dates back to the mid 1830’s when a combination of rail and boat routes was thought to be the only viable alternative to horses & stagecoaches for travel between New York & Boston. Unfortunately for Long Island, an all-land rail route along the Connecticut shore line was soon found to be feasible, which effectively ended the prospects of any early through ‘intercity’ service.
It was many years later when in 1910 the Long Island Railroad (by then owned & operated by the financially strong Pennsylvania Railroad) was finally able to reach Manhattan with the opening of the East River tunnels and the new midtown Pennsylvania Station. Interestingly, the PRR never introduced any meaningful through intercity service to the Island during the decades it directly operated the railroad, which lasted up to 1949 when the PRR placed the Long Island into bankruptcy.
From then until 1966, when the State of New York purchased the beleaguered operation, certainly the idea of adding intercity service was the last thing on anybody’s mind. Soon after the purchase, well understanding the railroad’s commuter & regional economic importance, the State started to heavily invest in the LIRR, ordering the first new equipment (the M-1’s) for the line in decades. But the state’s financial commitment to the LIRR was solely intended for the benefit of commuters and not intercity travelers.
Dr. Ronan, left, with Governor. Nelson A. Rockefeller aboard a new Long Island Rail Road M-1 car in 1968 - Credit Barton Silverman/The New York Times
But as Long Island’s population continued to grow in the 70’s & 80’s and traffic congestion worsened, advocates promoted the idea of offering direct one-seat Amtrak intercity service to Long Island through Penn Station, particularly from Upstate New York locations. With the 1991 opening of the Empire Connection bringing Amtrak’s trains which formerly terminated at Grand Central Terminal into Penn Station, this became a technically feasible possibility. But old habits die hard and even though the ill-fated NYC/PRR - Penn Central merger had occurred over twenty years earlier, the LIRR was still very much a ‘Pennsylvania’ operation and resistance soon mounted to the concept of ‘New York Central’ trains invading their territory.
But I can attest that such one-seat Amtrak service is indeed possible, having been on just such a run! In the summer of 1998 my older son & I rode an Amtrak special train from Albany, NY direct to Shea Stadium on Long Island to take in an afternoon Mets game. The LIRR had long prevented Amtrak’s Rohr Turboliners from operating in the East River tunnels (for fear they would stall on the steep grades while under their meager electric propulsion), so our special consisted of Amfleet coaches, bracketed by two former New Haven FL-9’s dual power locomotives. I well remember arriving at Penn Station, where we stopped briefly to take on a LIRR pilot crew, then headed into the East River tunnel and at Harold Interlocking stayed on the LIRR trackage before taking the Port Washington Branch east to the Shea Stadium station. Defying the historical odds (red team vs. green team ghosts?), all went as planned and we arrived in plenty of time for the start if the game. After the Mets won, our special was waiting and we retraced the route back to home ‘NYC’ tracks without incident.
Let’s hope that in the not too distant future a daily parade of Amtrak trains utilizing new dual-power trainsets will be carrying passengers from points like Philadelphia, Albany and New Haven through Penn Station to Jamaica (no change required) and then on to Port Jefferson, Ronkonoma, Montauk and maybe even Greenport! It’s time the ghosts are proved wrong!
Top Banner Photo - Unique LIRR Double Deck Cars - 1965
 »
33118/Q SKF Metric Taper Roller Bearing -
33118 33118+T3DE090 Bearing 90x150x45 Tapered Roller Bearings
FAG 33118+T3DE090 Bearing 90x150x45 Tapered Roller Bearings Bearings: 33118+T3DE090 Tapered Roller Bearings FAG： 33118+T3DE090 (bearing) FAG Tapered Roller Bearings the inner diameter is (90mm, outer diameter is 150mm and the width is 45mm, Demensions(90 mm x 150 mm x 45 mm), Please send your model, quantity, delivery date, and other requirements.
33118 FAG roller bearing - 33118 FAG
33118Some things I just want to remember…
Last night we were leaving church after the kid’s choir practice when Parker commented on how pretty she thought the big round stained glass window is on our church. I told her it is located up in the balcony and could show her sometime. She asked what a “balcony” was and I said it was the place in church where we sit sometimes but have to climb stairs to get to.
Bailey said, “Yeah, and Parker, it’s also where Abraham Lincoln was killed.”
Parker, “He died? In the balcony?”
Bailey, “Yep!”
Parker, “Oh that is so sad! Is he still dead?”
Bailey, “Of course Parker! He was our 16th President! He’s like been dead for, like, 200 years.”
Parker, “Wow. That is so sad. I will miss him!”
The conversation kept going as Bailey told her story of the Lincoln assassination and I was laughing too hard (quietly) to remember all of it. I just couldn’t bring myself to tell her he didn’t die in OUR balcony! And my sweet little empathetic PJ just kept saying over and over how sad she was that he was dead. How she can miss someone she didn’t know existed is beyond me but that is totally her heart!
That’s fantastic. “Is he still dead? I will miss him.” Ha!
I will never look at the balcony quite the same!
I’ve never had the plrivilege of meeting your children, but I love them already. I admire your awareness of their incredible ability to inspire us.My
Ken yehi ratzon!!
L’shana tova—a good year to all…
Beautiful poem Brant…writing you from Beit Sahour. I spent the day in Hebron but was unable to pray at Abraham’s tomb due to Rosh Hashannah…you might think it would be possible on such a day, and I had hoped to enter, but the place is closed to all but Jews and I was with
an interfaith group. So we walked the hills and alas, settler boys threw stones at us. My friend Hisham Sharabati remarked that Abraham actually paid money for the land he took from the locals, working out an agreement, paying a good price. Around here settlers simply take what they want. Ah for the spirit of Avraham Avinu. To think that our holy days are a curse to the indigenous people of this land is so painful and tragic. I encountered a lot of pain on this trip and I truly pray that a good year will be had by all the children of Abraham. May we find a way.>>
Enjoy fishing at a beautiful 40 acre lake located in the city of Rancho Cordova, just a quick 30 minute drive from downtown Sacramento.
Fish seven days a week from sunrise to sunset in a lake stocked with large mouth bass, catfish (catch and release), bluegill and crappie. Use your kayak or electric powered boat or fish from shore.
Never crowded and plenty of room to spread out, the season runs February 1, 2021 to March 1 2022, but you are welcome to join anytime during the season. Closed four months mid winter for duck and goose season.
Important Notice:
Due to lack of rainfall the lake is low. We are currently monitoring the situation and hope to be able to open to new and returning members this coming season. We will begin selling new memberships February 1 provided we get enough rain between now and then. Current members may begin fishing February 1 and renew their memberships March 1. We will update the website as the situation changes. The Waegell Family greatly appreciates its members and we are hopeful the lake fills up enough to welcome returning and new members for the 2021-2022 season.
Important Notice:
Please note our rates have changed this year and also we need to require everyone to sign a release from liability agreement and return that along with your payment and membership form.
Thank you
Memberships
Welcome new and returning members. Memberships are priced at $125 for a single, $155 for a married couple, and $175 for a family with 3 children under 16 years of age (additional children or grandchildren are $10 each.) Click on the link below to view our membership and release form.
Two ways to join:
Print and fill out membership form and release form, (click link below). Mail with check or cashiers check to address on form and we will promptly mail your membership cards.
OR
Call George at 916-423-1771 to make arrangements to pick up your membership at our office.
About
Henri Waegell and Margaret Tiessen Waegell first started ranching in 1919. They raised cattle, turkeys, pigs, Kadota figs and other crops. In 1950 they acquired Blodgett Lake from the Blodgett Family. The Waegell Bros. opened the lake up to members for fishing in 1951. Dove, goose and duck hunting is also offered on the 2700 acre ranch. A third generation farming operation, Tiessen and Waegell Ranch raises sheep, seed crops and hay.
Hay for Sale
Tiessen & Waegell Ranch produces a variety of premium hay. Teff, highly desired by horse owners, is available. We also grow alfalfa, rye grass, oat hays and Sudan straw. Call Becky at 916-416-7012 for prices and availability.
If you have questions please call George Waegell at
916-423-1771. Or email twranch@waegell.org. Thank you
7700 Eagles Nest Rd., Sacramento, CA 95830
916-423-1771Are you looking for details about Best Cbd For Sleep?
Cannabidiol is a normally happening compound discovered in marijuana. It is also known as “cannabis oil” or “hampshire hemp oil.” It is extracted from the plant’s stems, leaves, as well as sometimes seeds. When hemp is grown for entertainment use, CBD becomes a product called CBD oil. This product has actually grown in appeal and the demand for CBD has actually increased. If you are interested in purchasing CBD, I suggest that you look into the market correctly before embarking on getting CBD oil.
The plant’s flowers consist of cannabidiol which remains in brief, an extremely powerful and also powerful anti-inflammatory. It is the cannabidiol in the blossom’s flowers and leaves that supply this effective anti-inflammatory benefit. As a matter of fact, it is this resin-like material that gives the blossoms, leaves, and also plant its recovery and also health offering abilities. Hemp oil extracted from marijuana sativa, or “cannabis”, consists of regarding forty two different kinds of cannabidiol, including twelve selections that have cannabidiol that is extremely powerful.
Lots of people are asking what the health advantages are of CBD. Cannabidiol is actually thought about a “potent” medication since it has the capability to go across the blood mind obstacle. This can be valuable in that it supplies a step of protection from neurodegenerative illnesses like dementia and also Parkinson’s condition. CBD is thought to work in much the same method. Actually, lots of experimental treatments entailing CBD are currently being performed. Thus, if you intend to reap a few of these CBD advantages, you need to purchase excellent quality CBD oils.
Is it crucial for you to get the appropriate details concerning Best Cbd For Sleep ?
Among the most important benefits of internet shopping is its cost comparison. This is why online shopping sites have a large edge over other brick-and-mortar retail outlets – they offer larger discounts and special deals to entice more people to visit them regularly. In addition, the convenience of shopping from home makes online shops popular among employees and employers. They aren’t only more convenient; they also save money for the online store owner. Besides the regular savings that online stores offer on products, they’re also able to offer vouchers, free shipping and other discounts.
One of the most typical substance located in CBD is called CBD, or Cannabidiol. It is typically discovered in higher concentrations in raw marijuana and also not always in pill form. Nonetheless, current clinical studies have actually shown that medical researches of individuals with Parkinson’s disease revealed a significant improvement in symptoms as well as feature when individuals made use of CBD. Along with treating parkinson’s, CBD has additionally shown promise in treating stress and anxiety, epilepsy, migraine headaches, chronic pain, depression, anxiety, persistent tiredness, sleep problems, dyspepsia, impotence, queasiness, epilepsy, and also other disorders.
Among the reasons why CBD is beginning to be utilized more regularly for people with anxiousness disorders is due to the fact that it reveals guarantee in dealing with those signs that can be hard to treat with standard medications. For example, CBD appears to be effective in reducing the physical twitching, shaking, and also muscle spasms related to anxiousness conditions. A CBD testimonial might assist you to recognize simply exactly how successful CBD remains in assisting those who struggle with stress and anxiety conditions.
There are two sorts of CBD discovered in marijuana, that makes the process of looking into CBD a lot easier for scientists. Green-lipped plants grow without any leaves in any way, while others have much shorter stems. As a result, CBD can be extra local, and therefore may be extra efficient for sure people than another type of CBD. CBD may act upon the very same receptors as opioids, therefore may lower the pain of specific injuries and also muscle spasms after injury. On top of that, CBD reduces inflammation and also may work for individuals that have arthritis.
Do you wish to obtain info regarding Best Cbd For Sleep?
In order to lure more consumers to visit their websites, online shopping websites use a number of marketing tools. They allow their online shoppers understand about the hottest bargains and offers by sending emails, making statements through interpersonal networks, posting banners on websites, engaging on discussion forums etc.. The best site to shop is undoubtedly the one with the most effective marketing strategy and the many attractive discount schemes. A few of these discount schemes may endure for just a couple of hours or perhaps days; others could be constant discounts so that you can receive discounts on purchases for as long as you continue ordering from that specific website. The ideal site to store is the one with the most reliable customer service.
In addition to decreasing swelling, CBD has been revealed to connect with specific opioid receptors. As an example, Endorphin, a certain sort of opioid receptor, and also a number of various other opioid receptors bind with CBD to prevent its communication with various other receptors. So, although CBD is thought to have some medicinal qualities, it is unclear whether CBD is really an all-natural choice to opioids for the therapy of discomfort.
In fact, CBD is not presently suggested for use by anyone other than individuals who have a severe type of epilepsy or seizure problems. For people taking particular medicines for serious conditions, CBD may have a dangerous effect. As an example, people taking medicines such as benzodiazepines (anxiousness and also tranquility drugs), seizure medications, as well as MAOI (Monoamine oxidase preventions) that are made use of to treat anxiety, Parkinson’s illness, as well as similar disorders should not take CBD. Similarly, people taking drugs to treat ADHD needs to also prevent CBD. However, CBD can have helpful effects on some conditions, such as queasiness and also vomiting, queasiness and also diarrhea caused by some conditions, including cystic fibrosis, epilepsy, migraine headache headaches, as well as moderate-to-severe relentless irregularity in people with Crohn’s condition. For these uncommon celebrations, as well as for individuals with certain illnesses and disorders, CBD might be handy.
If you are looking to find the very best Best Cbd For Sleep – you are off to a good begin …Since the sudden emergence of COVID-19, global financial markets have experienced turbulent times. After the markets initially experienced a sharp slump at the beginning of 2020a rapid (V-shaped) recovery led to new record highs at the end of the year. However, there were also sectors and asset classes whose development was precisely the opposite. In this article, we create a correlation matrix in Python that shows how the prices of various asset classes were affected by COVID-19. We will include different asset classes such as stocks, resources, futures, and cryptocurrencies.
The remainder of this blog is structured as follows: Firstly, this article briefly introduces the famous Pearson Correlation Coefficient and shows how to interpret it. Then, we will use this Correlation to create a stock market correlation matrix in Python. The matrix will measure the correlation between COVID-19 cases and several financial assets such as gold, Bitcoin, and different stocks.
About Pearson Correlation
The Pearson correlation coefficient r is a standard measure for quantifying a linear relationship between two variables. In other words, r is a measure of how strongly two continuous variables (for example, price or volume) tend to make similar changes. For the Pearson correlation coefficient to return a meaningful value, the following conditions must be met:
- Both variables x and y are metrically scaled and continuous.
- The relationship between the two variables is approximately linear.
- The two samples of the variables x and y are independent of each other.
Correlation measures how much two variables are associated. The Pearson correlation is calculated by dividing the covariance of two variables (x, y) by their standard deviations.
Interpreting the Pearson Correlation Coefficient
The value of r is restricted to the range between 1 and -1. Interpreting r requires us to differentiate the following cases:
- The closer r is to 1, the stronger is the relationship and the closer are points (xi / yi) on the regression line together.
- The closer r is to 0, the weaker is the correlation and the more widely spread are the points around the regression line.
- The extreme cases r = 1 or r = -1 result from a functional relation, which is defined by a linear equation of the form y = a + bx can be described exactly. In this case, all points (xi / yi) are located on the regression line.
Be aware that the correlation coefficient is often subject to misinterpretation. For example, an empirical correlation coefficient whose value is > 0 merely states that we can prove a relation based on a sample. However, it does not explain why this relationship exists. In addition, if r ~ 0 does not mean that two variables are not related in general. Instead, it only means that we cannot prove a linear relation.
Implementing a Correlation Matrix in Python
In the following, we will develop a correlation matrix using Python that shows the correlation between COVID-19 cases and different financial assets. We will include data on the spread of cases and COVID-19 casualties in our analysis. I have chosen this example because, when writing this article, the whole topic about visualizing COVID statistics is highly relevant. pandas-DataReader package and Seaborn for visualization.
You can install packages using console commands:
- pip install <package name>
- conda install <package name> (if you are using the anaconda packet manager)
Step #1 Load Data
We begin by loading data about historic COVID-19 cases and price Information on different financial assets.
1.1 Load Historic COVID-19 Data
We begin by downloading the COVID-19 data. For this purpose, we will use the Statworx API. It provides historical time series data on the number of COVID-19 cases in different countries. In addition, the data contains the number of casualties. If you are not yet familiar with APIs, consider my recent tutorial on working with APIs in Python.
# Setup Pakages import pandas as pd import pandas_datareader as web import numpy as np from datetime import datetime import seaborn as sns from matplotlib import pyplot as plt import matplotlib as matplot import matplotlib.dates as mdates import matplotlib.cbook as cbook import requests import json from pandas.plotting import register_matplotlib_converters # Load second Dataset with Corona Cases payload = {"code": "ALL"} URL = "" response = requests.post(url=URL, data=json.dumps(payload)) df_covid = pd.DataFrame.from_dict(json.loads(response.text)) # df_covid = df_covid[df_covid['code'] == 'US'] # add the date column as variable df_covid["Date"] = pd.to_datetime(df_covid["date"]) # delete some columns that we won't use df_covid.drop( ["day", "month", "year", "country", "code", "population", "date"], axis=1, inplace=True, ) # Summarize cases over all countries df_covid = df_covid.groupby(["Date"]).sum() df_covid
1.2 Loading Data on Selected Financial Assets
We continue by downloading historical price data on different financial assets. For this purpose, we use the Yahoo Finance API. We limit the period to the time after the first documented COVID-19 cases. When you execute the code of this tutorial as it is, you will receive price information for the following financial assets:
Stock Market Indexes
- S&P500
- DAX
- Niki
- N225
- S&P500 Futures
Stocks: Online Services
- Amazon
- Netflix
- Apple
- Microsoft
Stocks: Airlines
- Lufthansa Stock
- American Airlines
Resource Futures
- Crude Oil Price
- Gold
- Soybean Price
Treasury Bonds Futures
- US Treasury Bonds
Exchange Rates
- EUR-USD
- CHF-EUR
- GBP-USD
- GBP-EUR
Crypto Currencies
- BTC-USD
- ETH-USD
Be aware that stock symbols can change from time to time. If the API does not find a specific stock symbol, you have to look up the current Symbol on Yahoo Finance.
df_covid_new = df_covid.copy() # Read the data for different assets today_date = datetime.today().strftime("%Y-%m-%d") start_date = "2020-01-01" asset_dict = { "^GSPC": "SP500", "DAX": "DAX", "^N225": "N225", "ES=F": "SP500FutJune20", "LHA.DE": "Lufthansa", "AAL": "AmericanAirlines", "NFLX": "Netflix", "AMZN": "Amazon", "AAPL": "Apple", "MSFT": "Microsoft", "GOOG": "Google", "BTC-USD": "BTCUSD", "ETH-USD": "ETHUSD", "CL=F": "Oil", "GC=F": "Gold", #"SM=F": "Soybean", "ZB=F": "UsTreasuryBond", "GBPEUR=X": "GBPEUR", "EURUSD=X": "EURUSD", "CHFEUR=X": "CHFEUR", "GBPUSD=X": "GBPUSD"} col_list = [] # Join the dataframes for key, value in asset_dict.items(): print(key, value) try: df_temp = web.DataReader( key, start=start_date, end=today_date, data_source="yahoo") except ValueError: print(f' {key} symbol not found') # convert index to Date Format df_temp.index = pd.to_datetime(df_temp.index) df_temp.rename(columns={"Close": value}, inplace=True) # Rename Close Column df_covid_new = pd.merge( left=df_covid_new, right=df_temp[value], how="inner", left_index=True, right_index=True) df_covid_new.head()
If you want, you can add assets of your choice to the asset list. You can find the respective symbols on finance.yahoo.com.
Step #2 Plotting the Data
Next, we will visualize the historical data using line charts.
# Plot line charts df_plot = df_covid_new.copy() list_length = df_plot.shape[1] ncols = 4 nrows = int(round(list_length / ncols, 0)) fig, ax = plt.subplots(nrows=nrows, ncols=ncols, sharex=True, figsize=(14, 18))_4<<
We can easily spot pairs that seem to have experienced similar price developments. This does not mean, however, that these pairs are correlated.
Step #3 Correlation Matrix
Next, we will calculate the correlation matrix. Various Python libraries make this an easy task that only requires a few lines of code. We will use the standard math package for this purpose.
# Plotting a diagonal correlation matrix sns.set(style="white") # Compute the correlation matrix df = pd.DataFrame(df_covid_new, columns=col_list) corr = df_covid_new.corr() corr
The matrix shows the Pearson correlation coefficients of all the pairs (X, Y) in our dataset.
Step #4 Visualizing the Correlation Matrix in a Heatmap
Heatmaps are an excellent choice for visualizing a correlation matrix. The heatmap applies a color palette to represent numeric values on a scale in different colors. This makes it easier to capture differences and similarities among the correlation coefficients. In Python, we can create heatmaps using the Seaborn package.
# Generate a mask for the upper triangle mask = np.triu(np.ones_like(corr, dtype=np.bool)) # Set up the matplotlib figure f, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(11, 9)) # Generate a custom diverging colormap cmap = "RdBu" # Draw the heatmap with the mask and correct aspect ratio sns.heatmap( corr, mask=mask, cmap=cmap, center=0, square=True, linewidths=0.5, cbar_kws={"shrink": 0.5}, )
The correlation matrix is symmetric. This is because the correlation between a pair of variables X and Y is the same as between Y and X.
Step #5 Interpretation
The heatmap uses a color palette that ranges from blue (positive correlation) over white (no correlation) to red (negative correlation). The different shades of the three colors visualize the extent of the correlation. In this way, we can distinguish between correlated pairs, not correlated pairs, and negatively correlated pairs. In the following, we will compare the different asset classes step by step.
5.1 Stock Market Indices / COVID-19
Let us start with the pairs of Stock market indices and COVID-19 data. As expected, the heatmap signals a negative correlation between the indices (DAX, S&P500, NIKI) and COVID-19. In other words, when the number of cases rises, stock market indices tend to fall in value. If we look precisely, the total number of new cases seems to be more correlated than the number of total cases (cases_cum) or deaths (deaths_cum). In addition, one can observe that the stock market indices are correlated with each other.
5.2 Stock Market Indices / Online Service Provider Stocks
When we compare the stock markets with the shares of online service providers, the situation is heterogeneous. The shares of Microsoft and Google are positively correlated with the overall development of the markets. On the other hand, the shares of Netflix, Amazon, and Apple are hardly correlated with the market development.
5.3 Stock Market Indices / Airline Stocks
Airlines are heavily affected by the pandemic. Thus it is plausible that we observe a strong positive correlation between airline stocks and the general stock market indices.
5.4 Stock Market Indices / Crypto-Currencies
Next, we compare Cryptocurrencies with the stock market indices. The results are surprising. BTC-USD correlates surprisingly strong positive with the general development of the stock markets. For ETH-USD and the markets, however, the correlation is only slightly positive.
5.5 COVID-19 / Currency Exchange Rates
The correlation between exchange rates and COVID-19 cases is rather weak. Only GBP/EUR, EUR/USD, and GBP/USD show a slightly negative correlation. An exception is CHF/EUR, which is positively correlated to the number of COVID-19 cases.
5.6 Treasury Bonds / Resources
When we look at the coefficients of resources and US Treasury Bonds, we can observe a strong negative correlation of COVID-19 cases with the oil price and a strong positive correlation with the gold price.
5.7 Crypto-Currencies / Resources
Finally, let us consider the coefficients of resources and cryptocurrencies. It is noticeable that BTCUSD correlates with the oil price. Based on the absence of a correlation with gold, one might conclude that BTC-USD is not a comparable crisis currency. However, the correlation between market indices and cryptocurrencies such as ETH-USD is relatively low. Thus, they were less affected by the recent market slump.
Summary
Congratulation, you have reached the end of this tutorial! In this article, we have load data on COVID-19 and financial assets via an API. We have created a correlation matrix in Python that shows the linear correlation between financial assets and COVID-19 cases. However, we need to keep in mind that we may still be unaware of potential non-linear correlations. Finally, we have visualized the matrix in a heatmap and concluded the correlation of different asset pairs.
If you found this article helpful, please show your appreciation by leaving a like or comment.
Sources and further Information on Correlation
YouTube tutorial that explains the math behind the correlation
Phil the Lobster
Awesome Dude!!About this rental
- Cottage
- 690 sq. ft
- 1 bedroom
- 2 beds
- Sleeps 5
- 1 bathroom
- 1 full bath
- Spaces
- Kitchen
- Living Room
- Deck/Patio
Corner Cottage, Historic One Bedroom Beach House, Beach Bungalow, Cabin
Rooms & beds
Bedrooms: 1(Sleeps: 5)
Bedroom 1
queen
Convertible bed(s)
sleep sofa /futon
Bathrooms: 1
Bathroom 1
Toilet · shower
Spaces
Amenities
- Air Conditioning
- TV
- No Smoking
- Satellite or cable
- Washer & Dryer
- Heater
- Children Welcome
- Internet
- Parking
- Pets Welcome
- Hot Tub
- - Kids love clearwater cottages, very child friendlyKids love clearwater cottages, very child friendly
Pets allowed - Pet fee $40Pet fee $40
No events - Please call manager to discussPlease call manager to discuss
No smoking - You may smoke outside on porch, but not insideYou may smoke outside on porch, but not inside
Max guests: 5 (sleeps up to 5 adults)
Minimum age of primary renter: 18 - 18 years old well behaved is fine18 years old well behaved is fine
- If you use Capt Al's bicycles or e scooters or e bikes you agree to all the terms of the Waiver of Liability agreement weather you sign it or not
- Amenities are for registered guests only. You would require permission if you wish to invite friends over. PARK ON SPOT C IN FRONT ONLY.
- Hot tub by advanced registration. No young children. Must shower. Locked after 9:00 pm when not in use. Registered guests only allowed . Text Manager. Capt. Al is the property manager and guests relations. Contact him for info.Ask a question
About Capt. Al is the property manager and guests relations. Contact him for info..
Why Capt. Al is the property manager and guests relations. Contact him for info. chose Clearwater Beach
What makes this Cottage unique.
- Languages:
- english, french, spanish, russian, Our staff can interpret French, Japanese, ChineseSelect font Arial Times New Roman
Character spacing (Kerning): Standard Medium Large
Close panel Default settings
Документ /
Vladimir Putin held a separate meeting with the members of the Bureau of the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs (RSPP) to discuss matters of interest to the business community.
The meeting with the RSPP senior executives was held on the sidelines of a Congress of the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs following a plenary session, in which the President took part.
February 9, 2018, MoscowGenre: Sci-Fi, Romance
LGBTQ+ Category: Non-Binary
Reviewer: Scott
Get It On Amazon
About The Book
Sallon Lee is quiet, shy, and has no friends. They have no idea what they want for their future on the space station in which they live.
But they do know one thing: they have a huge crush on Ignis. The problem is, Ignis is so cool and popular, and has no idea who Sal is.
Sal has no chance with him.
Then a chance encounter throws the two of them together, and Sal finds themself forming a fast friendship with Ignis, thinking about their future, and other firsts.
Futures, Friends, and Other Firsts is a 6100 word sci-fi, solarpunk, hopepunk novelette that takes place in the same universe as Amara Lynn’s Tundras, Travelers, and Other Travesties, but can be read and enjoyed on its own.
The Review
This is the first story I’ve read by Amara Lynn. It won’t be the last. It’s really short – about 30 pages – and more YA than sci-fi, but it is set on a space station in a future time when being non-binary is about as remarkable as having brown hair.
The story caught my attention with the submitted excerpt, when the author requested a Queer Sci Fi announcement. It’s told in first person, and Sallon Lee is a quintessential teenager, caught up in high school politics and burdened with a hopeless crush on the best looking guy in their class:
“The thing about Ignis is, it’s hard to get him alone. He’s popular and charismatic, tall and lean, with golden brown skin, golden blond hair and pale blue eyes. He’s like the sun. Warm and bright, breathing life into everything his light touches.”
Is it too weird to admit I was kinda crushing on Ignis when I read that? Salon has it bad, and their struggle to deal with it when they finally catch Ignis’s attention defines the story.
Lynn gets the teen angst vibe just right, without it becoming annoying or a full-blown depression. Sallon is a joy to read, and, although I won’t spoil the ending, this is a beautiful, sweet little story. You should give it a try. Lynn is one to watch.
The Reviewer
Scott is the founder of Queer Sci Fi, and a fantasy and sci fi writer in his own right, with more than 30 published short stories, novellas and novels to his credit, including two trilogies.Case Study - HTS 110
HTS-110The ProjectThe Project started with a two-day Strategic Process designed to clarify the strategic direction of HTS-110, its Value proposition and key strategies for the next 5 years. This was followed by five half-day workshops involving every staff member designed to develop the the skills, teamwork and culture required to implement the strategies as quickly as possible. The five half-day workshops covered the following areas:
Evaluations. What comment would you make to some one else who was considering using Bruce Holland, Virtual Group for something similar? Include any praise, issues or suggestions. Comment:
- Improving processes and eliminating unnecessary work
- Colouring customers and staff
- Customer service tools
- Increasing innovation and ideas
- Networking in business.
- 'I think the workshops were very useful, targeting intended objective. The prework was relevant and easy to follow. As for the facilitation, this was one of the best workshops/courses I attended. It was engaging and interesting. Use Bruce. Guaranteed to deliver. Very interesting and engaging methods of facilitating a workshop. Rating 5 out of 5 (one of the best I've been to).' Zvonko Lazic, Magnet Engineer, HTS-110.
- 'Overall, I enjoyed the experience of attending the project workshops and felt that there were some valuable results obtained in the workshops. I thought the modules well presented, entertaining, thought provoking, and well worth the time used. Your chairing of the meeting start and end was also very competent. I felt that there were real benefits to be had in the presentations and exercises and would recommend it to others. Rating 5 out of 5 (one of the best I've been to).' Mike Fee, Magnet Design Engineer, HTS-110.Oathbreaker by Martin Jensen, translated by Tara Chace
Martin Jensen
Originally Published 2011
King’s Hounds #2
Preceded by The King’s Hounds
Followed by A Man’s Word
I had been keen to read Oathbreaker since enjoying the first novel in Martin Jensen’s Halfdan and Winston series, The King’s Hounds, back in November. While it was not a perfect read, I loved the vivid historical setting, striking characterization and the little historical details Jensen incorporates throughout the novel that bring the past to life.
The King’s Hounds seemed to be driven with the external pressures on the two sleuths to solve the crime quickly and tidily. Here we see them given more time to solve a mystery but also placed in a situation where they are not able to use the threat of the King’s displeasure to force compliance from unwilling witnesses. This case requires them to utilize a different skill set and the story has a slightly different texture and tone as a result.
The book incorporates an interesting mix of elements, some of which feel quite fresh while others will be more familiar to readers of early medieval mysteries. We have a monastic setting, a bitter dispute between two groups of priests and a monk who appears to be hiding from a bloody past. What elevates these familiar period elements for me is the way they are used as a starting point to explore the political and religious conflicts of this period.
A somewhat insolent monk who has been sent to the church to reflect on his conduct is discovered dead in the middle of the night. His body has been arranged into the shape of the cross and his right hand has been severed from his body. When a representative of the Thane recognizes Winston and Halfdan from the events of the previous book, he requests their assistance in investigating the matter. In doing so the pair must navigate that bitter rivalry between the two monasteries, discover the dead priest’s true identity and work out how these events relate to the threat of a possible insurgency in Mercia.
While this case may appear to offer lower stakes for our sleuths than their previous one, I appreciated the interesting mix of suspects and I enjoyed learning about the historical background for the crime. For those interested in the events, Jensen includes several pages of historical notes citing his sources and giving more detail.
I was a little disappointed that the most interesting and entertaining character from the first book, King Cnut himself, does not feature directly in this novel though this was probably necessary to give our two sleuths space to establish themselves independently of him. Still, though we do not see him though we are still aware of his presence and I continue to find him an intriguing, ruthless and complex figure even from a distance.
One of the aspects of the first book that I didn’t care much for was Halfdan’s aggressive sexuality and I was pleased that this second book tones that down quite considerably. He remains a letch and we still have to read his assessments of female characters primarily through their looks but the second half of the book gives one of its female characters more to do than any of the women in the first title.
On a related note, Halfdan feels a much richer character here independent of Winston. We see him exercising more initiative in his investigations, coming up with some critical deductions at a key moment in the story drawing upon his own knowledge and background, and he clearly has a stronger sense of purpose than in the first novel. It is clear that he is more than just a Watson to Winston’s Holmes – he is a competent investigator in his own right. I did miss their interactions a little though.
Winston does not participate quite so visibly in the key moments of this investigation but he does have an entertaining if slight character arc of his own in the second half of the novel. There is one development in particular later in the novel that I felt promised an interesting change for the character and I am curious to see how that may affect him in the next novel in the series.
Overall I was more than satisfied with this second installment of the series and felt that the tweaks made to characterization and the shift of emphasis generally worked to the material’s benefit. Where the previous book was arguably a stronger historical novel than mystery, Oathkeeper is the more satisfying mystery. I continue to find this setting fascinating and look forward to seeing what may be in store for Halfdan and Winston in the next volume at some point soon.12 Jun Real Housewives of Atlanta S3 on Fox Life
Posted at 10:20h in Uncategorized
Catch Real Housewives of Atlanta S3 on Fox Life, channel 133 on Mondays @ 7.10PM. The Atlanta housewives continue to live their fabulous lives in Georgia’s capital city in this incarnation of the popular reality TV franchise. Relationships, a staple of the show takes centre stage as usual as the women’s love lives experience ups and downs.together”. There is something to be said for whom you choose to hang out with. Heavy drinkers like to hang with heavy drinkers. Druggies have druggie friends. Thieves run with their band of thieves. Deadbeats find other deadbeats to spend their days lying around with. Liars and cheats run business scams together (or dare I say, go in to politics? lol). And adulterers, who are each cheating on their spouse or significant other, find each other.
We all like the comfort of being with people who think and act like us. It helps us feel validated in what we are doing and who we are, even if what we are doing is less than honorable.
My thought would be, where do you most worry about your husband hanging out with these less-than-honorable characters? Is he going out to the bars with them, or is he meeting them for coffee after church? There’s a big difference between the two and if he’s spending time drinking at the club then, again, to hell with my shrink of a husband’s take on your question…I’d be worried too!
A 100% trustworthy husband would be sensitive to your concerns, and limit his time with these nefarious family and friends to family reunions and community events where you are most likely also in attendance. If it’s the bar scene he’s frequenting, I would question that he likes living on the wild side and on some level enjoys brushing up against risky behavior, even if he himself has not tipped over in to it…just yet…
Your husband also needs to realize that hanging out with criminals can also, at the very least, damage his reputation in the community. Again, birds of a feather flock together.
No, you can’t control him and he is not your child, but he is your husband and you have every right to continue to express your concerns and speak openly and honestly with him on this issue.
Embrace your Personal Power with Life Coaching~
• What do you need from your husband and how have you clearly communicated that to him?
• What could your husband do to help calm your anxiety?
• What boundaries or limits can he set on when and where he spends time with these people?
• How is he being sensitive to your concerns over this issue? How is he not?Select your citation format:
Volume 19, Issue 2
Despite sweeping political and constitutional changes in Africa, a notable feature of the ancien régime survives—the imperial presidency. African presidents may be term-limited, but they have not been tamed.
Volume 20, Issue 2
Ghana held its fourth successful elections in late 2008 and subsequently witnessed the peaceful handover of power from ruling party to opposition. The country’s leaders must now reform its institutions…
Volume 28, Issue 2
Despite pre-election fears, the victory of the opposition NPP over the ruling NDC in Ghana’s December 2016 elections became the prologue to a peaceful transfer of power. This outcome suggests that the…The will of God prevails. In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both *may* be, and one *must* be, wrong. God cannot be *for* and *against* the same thing at the same time. In the present civil war it is quite ...Abraham Lincoln
I didn't go into politics because I wanted to win a popularity contest.Andrew Lansley
Gore will not win a popularity contest, he will not win a personality contest, but he can win an idealogical battle, and he can win a battle of experience.Susan Estrich
My walk with God is not a popularity contest. My goal is to please God not manBuky Ojelabi
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within.Morihei Ueshiba
We now have contestants who will not let anything get in their way of victory. Some contestants have thrown each other under the bus this season.Ryan Seacrest
The debate analysis in the media is rampant with contest analogies of war, baseball, boxing, football; you name it. Any testosterone contest imaginable is fair game.Jonathan Raymond
Who's judging American Idol? Paula Abdul? Paula Abdul judging a singing contest is like Christopher Reeve judging a dance contest!Chris Rock
Everything is a contest. All dealings among men are a contest in which some will succeed and others fail. And some are failing quite spectacularly.The Way of Kings, le...Rose Schneiderman
It's funny because looking back at my first contest, I was 15 and surfing the Haleiwa contest wearing this tiny bikini. I remember not even thinking twice about wearing it - I just thought it was normal.Alana Blanchard
I'm past competing in pissing contests. My jet stream is now more of a trickle. The only contest I'd win is the number of trips to the bathroom it takes to purge a 32oz soda.Brian MacLearn
It has all the right ingredients: rich contents, friendly, personal language, subtle humor, the right references, and a plethora of pointers to resources.Programming Challenges: The Programming Contest Training Manual.Lee Marvin
People can say whatever they want about the sport of bodybuilding, but to get prepared to do a contest or even think about doing a contest, or even to get into decent shape, it requires a certain amount of discipline, and it comes from taking a new y...John CenaYou never want to start Cheap NBA Jerseys the game the way we did with the opening kickoff. We are calling out to our politicians to stand up for the one three girls and one five boys who be sexually abused before the age of 18 our country. Pass to Daley neutral zone. He was born 18 San Francisco, CA. Moulson, serving as alternate captain, picked up assist against the Coyotes to run his totals to 15 goals and 33 points 51 . Nike NFL Jerseys Supply HIGH SCHOOL – Originally signed 2003 but decided to delay enrollment until January 2004 … Best one is probably David Cheap NBA Jerseys Krejci. thefatlazygamer says: Dec 21 5 PM he must have rubbed a lot of people the wrong way. Red Right 88 became a play that went down NFL history Nike NFL Jerseys and a day of infamy for Browns fans everywhere. They earned it all the way from to training Nike NFL Jerseys camp, all through the regular : 14 wins and then three more the playoffs.
Elite is the upperest of echelons, right? I like the guy and think he can be important piece moving forward… if healthy , and with some okay puck luck he can be asset. Hogan being healthy I think he’s a big deal on of like to him come back to. Saban and Chip ‘t seem like a match. That game reminded me a lot of the first time we saw the sense that it seemed like Cheap Jerseys Wholesale when the ball left his hand, it NBA Basketball Jerseys hit the mitt at Nike NFL Jerseys Supply the same time. When you factor his fielding, he was worth average of six wins above replacement per over a six-year span from 1979 to ’84. He is ace who has never pitched the postseason. QUESTION: Can we revisit the Martinez contract ? He retired from baseball three years later because of illness, and he left the game as one of the most beloved Cardinals of all time.
And I can still play on it next year, he said. It’s a big factor being able to play at a high level. When McCoil yanked the ball free downfield, for example, the Chargers were using three safeties. should be better after dealing with Cheap Jerseys Wholesale ankle injury. Oakland’s defensive line hasn’t gotten much of a push up the middle, nor have they applied any real sustained pressure to opposing quarterbacks. Summary: The Jazz, led by all- Hayward, beat the Lakers 96 in a non-descript game. Obviously, this is a bit of shock for family and me, but I am hopeful I be able to return to the ice and continue playing the game I . Veteran Jameer Nelson started Mudiay’s place.
Among the mediocrity of Ohio University sports, this was the only story that seemed to bring us up to a higher plane. There NBA Basketball Jerseys is something to be said for that, for remaining the cornerstone and resisting the temptation to become the latest hired gun. I was around like 215 at the beginning of the . Bayless, despite being unspectacular at times, certainly provides a steady hand at the one spot. There wasn’t a great risk for the Browns signing him, but it appears that there hasn’t been much reward, either. He struck out four and walked four. Maybe I think, Burrows cheap jerseys said when asked if the incident ignited his team. Another five states — Oregon, Montana, Alaska, Delaware and New Hampshire — have no sales tax, feminine hygiene products don’t have additional charges.
From there, athletes moved to the gym, where the hockey players led a demonstration of stretching and strengthening exercises and discussed the importance of proper nutrition. It’s awesome franchise. , Luck and T.Y. The thing about McCarver-that’s me-is you’ve gotta appreciate a going out like that. Buzzing On Ranker: TORONTO — The Blue Jays go with a four- starting rotation through their upcoming eight-game road trip, after the club optioned right-hander Drew Hutchison to Triple-A Buffalo on Monday. And then he looks up, and looks at me. He was their starting center fielder from 2010 to 2014, where he was eventually traded to help Detroit acquire David Price from the Tampa Bay Rays.Ports 20. April 2021 Interview with Cameron Thorpe Mr. Cameron Thorpe is currently the CEO of DCT Gdansk – the largest container terminal in the Baltic Region. Mr. Thorpe spent thirteen years at DP World, with a global Business Development role based in Dubai followed by Terminal CEO roles in Romania, Australia, Thailand, Korea, and the UK. He was being responsible for facilities in excess of 4m TEU and $1.5bn investment. Prior to joining DP World, Cameron worked over a 16 year period with one of the world’s largest container shipping lines, gaining a broad range of experience in roles covering commercial management, senior contract negotiation, in-country management, and terminal development in the UK, Kenya, Tanzania, and in The Netherlands. 1. Do you consider the increasing vessel capacity as a disruptor of the Port Services development?The drive to larger ships comes from shipping lines seeking economies of scale, but these ULCV’s can also provide a lower carbon footprint per container. However, the ULCV’s do need the right maritime and port infrastructure and this is where DCT Gdansk excels. DCT Gdansk is one of the few ports in Europe without any maritime restrictions and able to berth the world’s largest ships 24/7 (Also 365!). With customers switching to DCT Gdansk because of the world-class service levels and access to direct deep-sea shipping routes, the terminal has seen rapid growth and we now handle the largest scheduled container exchanges in Europe. We, therefore, make it a priority for the terminal’s development to move ahead and exceed our customer’s expectations. But handling big ships is more than just excellent maritime and berth capability. It also means providing landside infrastructure of the highest quality to ensure these containers can move freely and quickly to or from the customers based inland. Therefore one of the most exciting developments at DCT Gdansk is the expansion of our on-site railhead, where later this year we will finalize the doubling of current capacity. When completed, we will have seven sidings, each capable of taking a 750m train. This will give DCT Gdansk over 5km of sidings and dual-track entry. With this enhanced infrastructure, our inland customers will have access to an efficient rail service providing peace-of-mind and enjoy the significant cost savings of a shorter rail route to Gdansk compared to traditional ports to the south or west. 2. Tell us about key areas where Port of Gdansk improved the most and why?DCT Gdansk is constantly investing in its handling capabilities to meet growing market demand and exceed customer expectations. Despite the challenging 2020 conditions due to the pandemic, the terminal continued its development plans. Our T2b and T2c expansion programs are nearing completion with additional yard area and equipment. Many components of these programs are already finished – 3 additional super-post-panamax quay cranes (to a total now of 14) all capable of handling the largest ships afloat, 5 additional eRTGs, 3 new RMG cranes for the rail, 15 additional hectares of new area completed or being developed, a fully automated gate process with OCR cameras integrated with our ‘E-gate’ Vehicle Booking System, OCR cameras on our rail entry, and a new access road to DCT. Our rail developments we’ve already mentioned, but this year will also see a further 3.6Ha of yard completed and another 10 electrical RTGs ordered. In a separate development, DCT leased 6.5ha of land connected to the terminal which will enable us to develop new tailor-made logistics solutions to meet the needs of Shipping Lines and BCOs, perhaps as a port-based distribution center. 3. What is your opinion about positioning WOF EXPO in Central and Eastern Europe region? DCT Gdansk has been strengthening its position as the Northern Gateway for the fastest-growing region in Europe. DCT does not only serve Poland but is also one of the most efficient ways to serve the Baltic Sea market via transshipment and also it is the most cost-effective way to serve the hinterland markets of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Belarus, and Western Ukraine. DCT Gdansk is proud to be the heart of the Baltic and WOF taking place in the Central and Eastern European region will help shine a spotlight upon what are the fastest growing economies in Europe, bringing a lot of opportunities for the logistics industry stakeholders taking part in the expo. 4. What will be the impact of Covid19 for your further business development? 2020 was a challenging year for many businesses including the shipping industry because of COVID-19, but despite the impact on the economy, we actually saw growth in our import/export cargo here at DCT Gdansk. As previously mentioned, the Covid-19 pandemic has not had any impact on our development plans and we have continued to expand our capabilities to offer the northern gateway alternative that is dedicated to serving our Central, Eastern European neighbors as the Baltic Hub. DCT Gdansk container terminal connects Poland and CEE countries to the world’s largest shipping trade-lane between Europe and Asia. DCT Gdansk is a state-of-the-art container terminal with modern infrastructure handling some of the world’s largest ships to ensure that goods can be traded more efficiently. DCT Gdansk doesn’t only serve Poland, but with its deep-water location giving zero tidal or navigation restrictions, it also offers the most efficient way to serve the Baltic Sea market. DCT Gdansk is a true intermodal gateway with its own operated on-dock rail terminal, currently under-going an expansion to offer over five kilometers of rail sidings. DCT offers a cost effective way to serve the hinterland markets of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Belarus and Western Ukraine. The terminal provides competitive delivery times and has one of the shortest rail routes into these land-locked markets therefore limiting the logistics carbon footprint. In 2019, DCT Gdansk handled over 2 million TEU (20-foot equivalent unit), with direct calls by the world’s largest ships afloat. Thanks to 17 metres of berth’s depth and Baltic’s largest container cranes with an outreach of 26 rows, DCT Gdansk is the only terminal in the Baltic Sea capable of handling ships of this size.2019-03-26
The mission of the National Institute for Subatomic Physics Nikhef is to study the interactions and structure of all elementary particles and fields at the smallest distance scale and the highest attainable energy.
New sysadmin in the PDP group: Mary Hester joined in Februari.
The Computer Technology group hired a new webmaster: Roel Roomeijer. joined the system administration team in March.
Nikhef-PDP is half of the Netherlands Tier-1.
The other half is SURFsara.
Together we also participate in the DNI, the Dutch National Infrastructure for data/compute intensive sciences.
(thanks to Onno Zweers)
81 DELL R6415 nodes (3 racks) with one AMD EPYC 7551P 32-Core Processor.
Price/performance is good.
Tried both with and without hyperthreading. Seemed to provide little benefit so turned off now.
Single socket system doesn't suffer cache coherence penalty.
Fast 3.2 TB NVMe SSDs for local storage
Old Hitachi storage system replaced by Netapp.
This was bought for the /project storage systems; important data that has an external backup. Data is available on Unix and Windows systems, so mixed mode of Unix permissions and Windows ACLs.
Not too many vendors offer this combination. In fact, the EMC is the last of its kind to offer it.
Partnership with University of Groningen led to a geographically separated off-site backup solution.
Hardware and software managed and maintained by Groningen; component replacements done by local team.
Much more economical than the previous commercial offering.
Setting up a high-throughput private compute cloud with Openstack.
Project was not getting much traction. Several avenues were explored; lack of long-term stability in the software development played a role.
Currently given a higher priority due to internal demand for alternatives to classic cluster computing. Nikhef as a lab is trying agile as a way of managing projects and the cloud project is likewise approached as agile.
Progress has been made to bring more systems under salt's control. LDAP, DNS, dCache.
Integrated generation of Icinga checks.
Not replacing the legacy grid services which may not be with us much longer.
High-throughput clustered local file access.
Much appreciated by users
But…see below.
Standard Icinga2 install; configuration on Gitlab server; server will install and test new config automatically.
Transferring ACLs from our older systems overloaded the write buffer which locked op the entire volume.
A workaround was eventually found but it took months for DELL EMC to have the correct engineer on the case and to come up with a good diagnosis and a workable solution.
The problem was reported in July, a resolution came in October.
A second issue involved the memory consumption of tcp NFS connections. These turned out to be significantly higher than for udp, leading to a system crash and downtime.
This issue took even longer to resolve; the initial problem was found in Spring 2018; the conclusion was that the machine was sold with the wrong specs. A solution was proposed in December which means that in April we will have a planned downtime for a system upgrade.
The result was too much traffic through the NFS door and hanging clients.
Resolution:
The vision of this is still blurry. It is hard to get a good sense from the users what they would want. Finding a representative pilot community is important.
If possible, we will virtualize the current legacy grid capacity and explore its elasticity.
Considering alternatives:
Talk to Tristan.
Trying to minimize the legacy Knowledge maintainance (technical debt); since dCache is now used at Nikhef, having both dCache and DPM in one lab makes no sense. We're going to phase out DPM and set up dCache for grid storage.
HEPiX Amsterdam, 14–18 October 2019The HP Colour.
Recommended Monthly Print Volume - 2000 to 7500 pages
Model Suffixes
N = Network Ready (HP JetDirect card installed)
T = Third Tray (Additional 500 sheet paper cassette included)
D - Duplex (Automatic Double Sided printing)Siesta Key: The No. 1 Beach in America just got better
Siesta Key beach, ranked the no. 1 beach in America by TripAdvisor users has completed its renovations. Learn more about the new upgrades.
The sugary, white quartz sand and the Gulf Coast waters that stretch all along Siesta Key are reason enough to visit the Siesta Key public beach when vacationing in Sarasota County, Florida.
These sands were chosen no. 1 overall on Trip Advisor’s USA Traveler’s Choice for Best Beach in 2015, and were Dr. Beach’s best beach in America in 2011. As of 2016, America’s best beach completed a $21 million makeover with new renovations and historic restorations.
New Amenities
New amenities to the beach include a pedestrian esplanade that connects the park east to west, more access to and from Beach Road, modern and expanded restrooms and an upgraded and elevated concession area.
More than half of the parking lot has been rebuilt with new parking lots east of the main entry, adding more than a 140 new parking spaces. New tennis courts and more than 20 picnic shelters have been added and a brand new playground, designed just like a sandcastle, was built. Additionally, the historic Siesta Key pavilion has been restored as a public gathering place. The improvements have been honored as one of the best public spaces in the area.
While some will just enjoy the beach and the water, these renovations add a new level of activities to the public facility, allowing children to play, families to barbecue, and everyone to feel at ease on vacation.
Complete improvements include:
• New restroom and east concession building
• New public safety/concession building for lifeguards and Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office
• New picnic and playground area
• New 15-foot wide pedestrian esplanade running the length of the park
• New multipurpose overlook/shelter structure for events and weddings
• Restored historic pavilion
• Expanded parking and enhanced parking lot lighting
• Relocated tennis courts
• Improved landscaping throughout park
• Streetscape improvements on Beach Road
Start planning your Siesta Key adventure today.
Learn more about the island and check out our video with more information on America’s favorite beach:Long-range sensing can be critical, whether for detecting incoming weapons before they become immediate threats, tracking the locations and health of satellites in orbit, or locking two satellites together across many kilometers, tracking and correcting their drift so they can take long-exposure interferometric measurements. This can be accomplised by reducing noise, which was used by the LIGO Laboratory, or by amplifying the signal coherently, resulting in greater signal amplification than noise amplification. While Samurai Scientists has worked on both technologies, our greatest successes--and all our publications--come from coherent amplification.
The main method we have used for coherent amplification is photorefractivity, a nonlinear optical technique that enables a transfer of power from one laser beam into another. We tested a variety of photorfractive crystals, such as BGO, BTO, BaTiO3, and Cu:KNSBN, and used two-wave as well as four-wave mixing. In the course of our experiments, we demonstrated the capability of photorefractive-enhanced laser radar to meaure the vibrometric signatures of objects 200 km distant -- the equivalent of tracking and probing satellites in low-earth orbit. We showed measurement resolution better than 5 nm (limited by our manual technology) with a theoretical range exceeding 2000 km (dependent on beam propagation delay and processing time). Our publications in this area include:
©2021 Samurai Scientists LLC
By using this website you agree to its Terms and Conditions of Use.Taliesin2 Posted September 25, 2018 Report Share Posted September 25, 2018. Quote Link to comment
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.
Note: Your post will require moderator approval before it will be visible.2010.54.21610
Untitled
Late 20th Early 21st Century
23 in HIGH x 17.5 in WIDE
(58.42 cm HIGH x 44.45 cm WIDE)
(58.42 cm HIGH x 44.45 cm WIDE)
All Of Us Or None Archive. Gift of the Rossman Family.
2010.54.21610
Handwritten in graphite on verso bottom left: "ML King poster - 1/15/83 / Oakland"; printed at bottom right: "Designed by Pro-Arts Printing by MCC Graphics"
© 2021 Oakland Museum of CaliforniaRIGHTS AND REPRODUCTIONAl Shahaniya Camel Racetrack
Robot jockeys ride their humped mounts to victory as part of a 21st-century twist on an ancient desert sport.
People.
In 2005, child jockeys were banned in Qatar. Even before the official ban, robot jockeys had been steadily replacing human riders. Other countries in the region made similar moves, turning the ancient sport of camel racing into a strange fusion of animal and technological power.
The robot jockeys are little more than remote-controlled mechanical whips. If, however, you add a speaker to the contraption so that the owner can “encourage” the camel to run faster and cover the whole apparatus with some racing silks, well, the image of a robot jockey is not too far off.
The Al Shahaniya track hosts tournaments where camels run races of varying lengths. Depending on how many batches of camels compete, the competitions usually last from 1.5 hours to three or more. Depending on the length of the race and the speed of the camels, each race lasts about 10 to 15 minutes.
As the camels run, a convoy of cars follows them along a road that hugs the racing track. The cars are packed with owners, trainers, and spectators cheering on their favorite entries.
Community Contributors
Follow us on Twitter to get the latest on the world's hidden wonders.
Like us on Facebook to get the latest on the world's hidden wonders.Follow us on Twitter Like us on FacebookSquier Affinity Series with Squier Brand, Fender Brand, Fixed Bridge Style, Popular Body Material, Split P Style Bass Pick Up
A superb gateway into the time-honored Fender family, the Squier..
$279.99
The Squier Mini Precision Bass is the perfect companion for play..
$199.99
Showing 1 to 2 of 2 (1 Pages)✌✌Swing Seat✌✌
Any Indoor or Outdoor Spaces.
Feature:Pair with the Sorbus Adjustable Multi-Use Stand (sold separately) for easy and convenient hanging. The
Hanging hardware NOT INCLUDED.Overall dimensions: 40X50" excluding rope - cushion dimensions: 17X17" - wooden bar dimensions: 1X31.5."
Package Included:
1 x Youth Hammock, 2 x seat cushionsa simple, vintage design that represents the elegance of flowers. For women that wish to create a romantic and elegant moment on their special day...
...made with white satin ribbon and white roses made of fabric.
The inner diameter of the circle is 19 cm approximately and the height of the product is 3 cm. it weights 52 grams.
It is beautifully presented in a white box with a clear lid to protect its delicate design!
"...Rose's Elegance!"
£50.00Pricenope still smilin- Don'tForgetTocchet
diane, some Union player Chris Albright was on IP for a while today. seems like a solid bro. he any good?- Crimsoninja
lol'd when i saw a tweet about that earlier. glen is a fat, soccer-hating faget and i'm sure he did nothing but patronize the dude and sport itself during the interview.- OrangeBlack27
it was disgusting- Crimsoninja
go on. really. i wanna get angry.- OrangeBlack27
Albright handled it with class, but you could tell he was pissed...
"well my theory is that kids who played soccer were a product of overprotective mommies that wouldnt let them play the real sports.."
"oh the real sports huh.."- Crimsoninja
yan is on a mind-losing sequence and its spectacular- Crimsoninja
I was imitating BIG/Prolific
I guess it means I get a 2/5- Jayden
oh i knew what you were going for, sir- Crimsoninja
Yesssssss- Jayden
hi boo- Don'tForgetTocchet
Hello sister
So busy in here, I'm thinking about hiring a junior yan in the next weeks.- Jayden
lol @ oblackhin- Cape Breton Bruins
YOO- watsomostaw
go the intern route- watsonnostaw
blacksby is better- desi08
he has the lips to play the roll- Cape Breton Bruins
he' from the area. he use to be decent but now hes garbage. cost us a goal last week when the other team was down a guy LOL the whole team has played like poop so far tho- flyfan1212Add these drinks tokens to your table settings and invite your guests to toast your special day in style. Supplied in packs of 25, the tokens feature a smart geometric shape and elegant colour palette perfect for those looking for an understated style for their wedding. Tokens are inscribed with rose gold ‘Cheers!’ lettering with ‘one drink free’ text underneath.
Pack of 25 tokens.
Geo Blush - Drinks Tokens
£2.99 Regular Price
£2.20Sale Price.
Vacuum-insulated design
The Day Off Tumbler’s double-wall design prevents heat transfer with a vacuum between its inner and outer walls, helping hot drinks stay hot and cold drinks stay colder for longer. The high-quality stainless steel lining helps to keep your drinks tasting fresh and delicious, preserving the flavour and aroma with an easy-to-clean design..No Dates
Higman identified William Gordon as attorney of three estates of Simon Haughton Clarke in Hanover and of six estates and two pens in total in 1832, but the portfolio appears to have been wider, both for Haughton Clarke and for other slave-owners. It appears likely this is the same man as William Gordon of Hanover, who was attorney for Robert Allen and others on Tryall and Recovery Pen, and for other estates.
B.W. Higman, Plantation Jamaica 1750-1850 pp. 66 and 69. See also estate evolution.Volume 19, Number 11—November 2013
CME ACTIVITY - Research
Possible Association between Obesity and Clostridium difficile Infection
Abstract infections after exposure to a health care facility. after exposure to a health care facility. Patients with community onset.
Clostridium difficile infections (CDIs) have a profound economic effect on the health care system; estimated costs range from $496 million to >$1 billion (1,2). C. difficile is a leading cause of infectious diarrhea in hospitalized patients: the annual number of diagnoses of CDI on discharge has more than doubled, from ≈139,000 to 336,600 during this decade (3). The epidemiology of CDI has also shifted. A greater number of community onset cases have been recorded in traditionally low-risk populations (4,5), raising the concern for whether there are unidentified risk factors increasing the probability of CDI among this subset of persons. Association of CDI with novel risk factors can contribute to improved clinical surveillance of persons at highest risk for infection in the hospital setting or the community.
Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) has been identified as an independent risk factor for C. difficile colonization and disease; patients with IBD have increased severity of illness and death rates from CDI (6,7). This relationship appears to be modulated by a dysbiosis of intestinal microbiota (7,8). Similar to studies of antibacterial drugs and IBD, studies have shown that obesity may be associated with decreased diversity and changes in composition of the intestinal microbiome (9–11). Given the similarities in derangements of the intestinal microbiome seen secondary to antibacterial drug use, IBD, and obesity, obesity may also predispose persons to CDI.
Before 2010, the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America and the Infectious Diseases Society of America guidelines (SHEA-IDSA guidelines) defined CDIs as having community onset (CO) or inpatient health care facility onset (HO). Reflecting the changing epidemiology of CDI, the definition was expanded by the 2010 update of clinical practice guidelines to include an additional category of disease: community-onset health care facility–associated (CO-HCFA) (12). This category, CO-HCFA, is defined as onset of disease in CDI patients in the community who had exposure to health care facilities during the previous 4 weeks. We believe the introduction of this category has removed cases from the CO cohort who had recent exposure to health care facilities and may help detect associations between CDI and novel risk factors in patients with few other traditional exposures.
This study aims to identify possible demographic and risk factor differences between patients who develop community onset CDI compared with their HO and CO-HCFA counterparts. In particular, we examine whether obesity is overrepresented in patients with community onset infections who did not have exposure to health care facilities, antibacterial drugs, or the diagnosis of IBD. Furthermore, we examine the health care delivery sites represented among patients with CO-HCFA infections. The identification of these sites will facilitate targeted training and education of staff and improved allocation of infection control resources to decrease future incidence of disease.
This study was a retrospective analysis of the infection control databases, microbiology results, and medical records of all patients who had laboratory proven CDI at Boston Medical Center (BMC) that serves as a regional safety net hospital. At the time of the study, the 508-bed academic medical center had a network of 15 community health centers. The study was approved by the BMC Institutional Review Board.
Our institution adopted the 2010 SHEA-IDSA guideline classifications for CDI in November 2011. All CDI cases in adults during November 2011–April 2012 were reviewed. Case-patients were defined as persons who had fecal samples positive for C. difficile by using the C. Diff Quik Chek Complete enzyme immunoassay (TechLab, Blacksburg VA, USA) or GeneXpert PCR (Cepheid, Sunnyvale, CA, USA) during the study period. At BMC, only non-formed stools are accepted for microbiological analysis for CDI. Samples are tested by enzyme immunoassay for toxins A and B; if the result is inconclusive or clinical suspicion of disease is high, PCR is used.
By using the former classification, the case-patients with laboratory proven CDI were first categorized as having either community or nosocomial onset disease. Patients were then recategorized by using the new SHEA-IDSA guidelines as having CO, CO-HCFA, or HO disease. The CO category included patients who had symptoms or a positive fecal sample test, and no exposure to health care facilities or associated sites for >30 days before the clinic visit or hospital admission. CO-HCFA case-patients were exposed to health care facilities within the previous 30 days. Case-patients with HO disease had onset of symptoms >48 hours after admission and had positive results for CDI laboratory tests. Patients who had new symptoms and a positive assay and a previous positive test for C. difficile >30 days but <8 weeks prior to examination were classified as having recurrent disease. Because of the small sample size of this group, recurrent case-patients were excluded from analysis to facilitate statistical comparison.
An exposure to hemodialysis centers, day surgery, chemotherapy suites, or long-term care facilities was considered an encounter with the health care system. Demographic data extracted from the patient chart included age, sex, race and ethnicity, height, and weight. Factors that have been identified as risk factors for CDI were also documented and included the presence of certain coexisting medical conditions, use of anti-ulcer medications, admission to a hospital intensive care unit, duration of hospital stay, and antibacterial use during the preceding month (13). IBD was cataloged separately from other immunocompromising conditions. Obesity was defined as body mass index (BMI) >30, calculated as weight (kg)/height (m)2.
Statistical analyses were performed by using SPSS software version 20 (SPSS, Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). Descriptive statistics, including student t-test, 1-way analysis of variance, and χ2 statistics, were acquired for the data where appropriate. The proportion of CO case-patients diagnosed with obesity was compared with data gathered during 2011 in Massachusetts: population statistics provided by the US Census Bureau (14) and weight classification by BMI data provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (15). Age was used as a continuous variable to calculate the means in univariate analysis but categorized as either <65 or >65 years for multivariable regression. All reported p values were 2-sided; results with a p value <0.05 were considered significant.
Three binary regression analyses were performed with either CO and CO-HCFA, CO and HO, or CO-HCFA and HO as outcomes. CO-HCFA was used as the reference category for the first model, while HO served as the reference for the second and third models. A stepwise backward elimination method and likelihood ratios were used to find the best fitted model that also contained clinically relevant variables. All 2-way interaction terms were examined; none were found to have a substantial impact. A p value of 0.10 was used for exclusion from the regression model of nonclinically relevant covariates.
A total of 137 cases of CDI were identified in patients at BMC during the study period. Five patients had recurrent disease and were excluded, and the remaining 132 cases were analyzed. According to the former definitions of location of onset of CDI, 91 cases were CO and 41 were HO. By using the definitions described in 2010, 35.2% (32/91) of the CO cases were found to be HCFA-CO (Figure). Of these, 62.5% (20/32) had a prior hospital admission as a risk factor, while 28.1% (9/32) were from a long-term care facility. Other risk factors (accounting for those with >1 risk factor) included recent surgery (12.5%), hemodialysis (9.4%), or outpatient chemotherapy (3.4%). Results for patient demographics among the 3 CDI categories are shown in Table 1. Among hospitalized patients from each category (109/132), patients with nosocomial infections had a longer length of stay (p<0.001) and were more likely to have been admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) (p = 0.002) (Table 1).
In univariate analysis testing for differences across the 3 groups, there were lower percentages of patients with IBD in the HO and HCFA categories compared with the CO group (p = 0.018). A higher percentage of patients in the CO category were noted to be obese, and this finding approached statistical significance (p = 0.08). The percentage of patients in the CO group who were obese (34%) was statistically higher than the state average (23%) (odds ratio 1.7, 95% CI 1.02–2.99). HO cases were more likely to have had prior exposure to antibacterial drugs compared with the CO and HCFA groups (p<0.001). The use of antiulcer medication and coexisting conditions such as immunosuppressive conditions, diabetes, and end stage renal disease were identified with statistically similar frequency in the 3 groups. CDI in HO group was associated with longer hospital stays and higher likelihood of an ICU stay than that in the CO or HCFA groups (p<0.01 for both).
In binomial logistic regression, the CO cohort was noted to be younger (p = 0.03) and 4 times more likely to be obese (p = 0.03) compared with the CO-HCFA group (Table 2). Obesity was not observed at a substantially higher rate in the CO group compared with the CO-HCFA group. The CDIs in CO group were >5 times more likely to be associated with IBD compared with CO-HCFA and ≈6.5 times more likely when compared with the HO group; only the latter comparison approached significance (p = 0.094). Compared with HO patients (p>0.001), CO and CO-HCFA patients were statistically less likely to have had antibacterial drugs before symptom onset (p = 0.01).
This study demonstrates relationships between CDI, IBD, and obesity. By comparing a relatively low-risk group of patients with CDI to those with more traditional risk factors, we sought to identify an association between obesity and CDI. This association was underscored by the hypothesis that in a group without exposure to health care facilities, the statistical significance of other risk factors such as obesity and IBD may be increased. Under the categories created by SHEA-IDSA guidelines, case-patients with CO CDI were 4 times more likely to be obese compared with the community-onset health care facility–associated group, and almost 2 times as likely to be obese as the general population of Massachusetts. Like IBD, obesity may be associated with a higher risk of CDI.
The relationship between IBD and CDI is evolving. Issa et al. (16) and Rodemann et al. (17) demonstrated that ≈80% of IBD patients who acquired CDI did so in outpatient settings, and another series of inpatients showed IBD patients had CDI onset within an average of 1 day of admission, compared with 4 days for other CDI case-patients. IBD patients received a greater number of antibacterial drugs, had greater exposure to health care facilities, and were frequently administered immunosuppressive drugs that could have increased their risk of infection (18). However, there is biologic plausibility that IBD may create an intestinal environment hospitable for CDI, independent of antibacterial drugs and immune modulators.
Studies have demonstrated that the increased incidence of CDI and colonization in IBD patients may be mediated by a derangement of gut flora (19). Evolving literature suggests that the community of microorganisms living in symbiosis with the human host affects energy metabolism, alters responses by innate immunity, and can determine outcomes of host pathogen interactions (20, 21). The diversity and the composition of the gut microbial community determine the effectiveness of its symbiosis with the host (22). Changes in fecal microbiomes have been demonstrated in recurrent cases of CDI associated with antibacterial drug use (9). This defect is also noted in obese patients with IBD (23). The similarities in alterations of normal microbial symbiosis in both IBD and obesity may explain why obese patients may be at risk for acquiring CO CDI. Greenblum et al analyzed fecal samples from a cross section of volunteers and examined gene-level and network-level topological differences in intestinal microbiomes associated with obesity and IBD. Obesity and IBD were linked with enzyme level variations and topographical changes, suggesting low diversity environments (23).
Aside from the overall decrease in richness of phylotypes of bacterial species, certain host conditions appear to be associated with specific changes in the intestinal microbiota and up or down-regulation of certain bacterial species. The development of CDI appears to be linked to the loss of the ability of the indigenous intestinal species to resist colonization by additional invasive pathogens (9). In particular, a decrease in the relative proportion of the phylum Bacteroidetes to that of Firmicutes has been associated with CDI. Manges et al. found that these changes could be driven by antibacterial drugs and health care exposure (24). IBD and obesity manifest similar changes in the fecal microbial community (25). Obesity may provide a milieu with increased susceptibility for invasion and infection by C. difficile.
Higher BMI has been associated with a greater chance by trauma patients of acquiring health care–associated infections, including CDI. In a recent retrospective case control study, Bishara et al. demonstrated a higher BMI in all hospitalized patients with CDI compared with inpatient controls (p<0.001) (26). This observation was particularly notable because case-patients and controls had above average BMIs, suggesting that there may be an even more drastic association in the general population. In addition, Bishara et al. noted this relationship between BMI and obesity without differentiation in the probable sites of acquisition (26). We were unable to show a difference in obesity between the CO and HO groups, implying that either there is an inherent difference between patients with health care–associated onset and those with hospital onset, or that our study was not statistically powered to detect the association. Because we could show no notable differences between CO-HCFA and HO in regression analysis except for antibacterial drug use, we believe that our study was limited by our sample size.
Use of antiulcer medication has been identified as a risk factor for CDI in the community (27). There was no difference in the rate of antiulcer medication use among the 3 subgroups in this cohort. This may reflect local prescribing practices of physicians, because inpatients and outpatients were equally likely to be exposed to these medications. Case-patients who had HO CDI were more likely to have been in an ICU during the study admission. Overall, this trend and the increased incidence of prior antibacterial drug use in this group may represent a higher severity of illness in this cohort. The greater likelihood of nosocomial acquisition of disease could be caused by longer lengths of hospitalization (28). Most CO–HCFA case-patients had a history of prior hospitalization. Long-term facilities, day surgery centers, and outpatient hemodialysis sites appear to also serve as potential sites of increased transmission of CDI outside the hospital.
The main limitation of this study is related to the lack of data for true prevalence of risk factors in each group, because we compared cases with each other on the basis of the location of onset and not to controls. Hence, the trends observed require further validation with prospective analysis to establish whether there is a true association between obesity and CDI as noted in the CO cohort. The analysis is also limited by the retrospective design and, as mentioned before, the relatively small sample size. In addition, data collection was dependent on chart extraction, hence dependent on provider documentation. Since cases were defined by patient samples with positive diagnostic assays, this study did not differentiate between patients who were colonized and those with active disease. This may have overestimated true disease prevalence, as has been demonstrated (29). However, because only non-formed fecal samples are accepted for analysis at our laboratory, it is likely that the majority of the cases represented true disease.
Translational research could help elaborate the dimensions of the interaction of the intestinal microbiota with C. difficile in obese patients. It would also be of interest to establish if there is a dose response between BMI and risk for CDI acquisition. Further, it is critical to establish whether obesity is a risk factor for high rates of C. difficile colonization, as is IBD; if that risk factor is established, prospective observations would improve understanding of whether obesity plays a role in the acquisition of CDI, or alters severity of disease and risk for recurrence. Last, the examination of the CO–HCFA group in this study underscores the importance of increased infection control at ancillary health care facilities and surveillance for targeting high-risk patients who were recently hospitalized.
Dr Leung is a resident in physical medicine and rehabilitation at University of Michigan. His primary research interest is health care-associated infections in long-term care patients.
Acknowledgment
We thank Kalpana Gupta for her insight into the subject matter and aid in the editing of this work.
References
- McGlone SM, Bailey RR, Zimmer SM, Popovich MJ, Tian Y, Ufberg P, The economic burden of Clostridium difficile.Clin Microbiol Infect. 2012;18:282–9. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Dubberke ER, Wertheimer AI. Review of current literature on the economic burden of Clostridium difficile infection.Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 2009;30:57–66. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Vital signs: preventing Clostridium difficile infections.MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2012;61:157–62 .PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Severe Clostridium difficile-associated disease in populations previously at low risk—–four states, 2005.MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2005;54:1201–5 .PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Surveillance for community-associated Clostridium difficile—Connecticut, 2006.MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2008;57:340–3 .PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Musa S, Thomson S, Cowan M, Rahman T. Clostridium difficile infection and inflammatory bowel disease.Scand J Gastroenterol. 2010;45:261–72. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Reddy SS, Brandt LJ. Clostridium difficile infection and inflammatory bowel disease.J Clin Gastroenterol. 2013;47:666–71. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Bien J, Palagani V, Bozko P. The intestinal microbiota dysbiosis and Clostridium difficile infection: is there a relationship with inflammatory bowel disease? Therap Adv Gastroenterol. 2013;6:53–68.
- Young VB, Schmidt TM. Antibiotic-associated diarrhea accompanied by large-scale alterations in the composition of the fecal microbiota.J Clin Microbiol. 2004;42:1203–6 and. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Chang JY, Antonopoulos DA, Kalra A, Tonelli A, Khalife WT, Schmidt TM, Decreased diversity of the fecal microbiome in recurrent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea.J Infect Dis. 2008;197:435–8. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- DiBaise JK, Zhang H, Crowell MD, Krajmalnik-Brown R, Decker GA, Rittmann BE. Gut microbiota and its possible relationship with obesity. Mayo Clinic Proceedings. Mayo Clinic. 2008;83:460–9.
-Google Scholar
- Bignardi GE. Risk factors for Clostridium difficile infection.J Hosp Infect. 1998;40:1–15. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- United States Census Bureau. State and County QuickFacts: Massachusetts. 2012 [cited 2013 Aug 6]
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Prevalence and Trends Data–Overweight and Obesity, U.S. Obesity Trends, Trends by State 2011: Massachusetts–Overweight and Obesity (BMI). CDC Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System 2012 [cited 2013 Aug 6].
- Issa M, Vijayapal A, Graham MB, Beaulieu DB, Otterson MF, Lundeen S, Impact of Clostridium difficile on inflammatory bowel disease.Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol. 2007;5:345–51. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Rodemann JF, Dubberke ER, Reske KA. Seo da H, Stone CD. Incidence of Clostridium difficile infection in inflammatory bowel disease.Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol. 2007;5:339–44. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Navaneethan U, Venkatesh PG, Shen B. Clostridium difficile infection and inflammatory bowel disease: understanding the evolving relationship.World J Gastroenterol. 2010;16:4892–904. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Li E, Hamm CM, Gulati AS, Sartor RB, Chen H, Wu X, Inflammatory bowel diseases phenotype, C. difficile and NOD2 genotype are associated with shifts in human ileum associated microbial composition.PLoS ONE. 2012;7:e26284. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Round JL, Mazmanian SK. The gut microbiota shapes intestinal immune responses during health and disease.Nat Rev Immunol. 2009;9:313–23. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Mathur R, Amichai M, Chua KS, Mirocha J, Barlow GM, Pimentel M. Methane and hydrogen positivity on breath test is associated with greater body mass index and body fat.J Clin Endocrinol Metab. 2013;98:E698–702. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Ley RE, Peterson DA, Gordon JI. Ecological and evolutionary forces shaping microbial diversity in the human intestine.Cell. 2006;124:837–48. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Greenblum S, Turnbaugh PJ, Borenstein E. Metagenomic systems biology of the human gut microbiome reveals topological shifts associated with obesity and inflammatory bowel disease.Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2012;109:594–9. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Manges AR, Labbe A, Loo VG, Atherton JK, Behr MA, Masson L, Comparative metagenomic study of alterations to the intestinal microbiota and risk of nosocomial Clostridum difficile-associated disease.J Infect Dis. 2010;202:1877–84. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Clemente JC, Ursell LK, Parfrey LW, Knight R. The impact of the gut microbiota on human health: an integrative view.Cell. 2012;148:1258–70. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Bishara J, Farah R, Mograbi J, Khalaila W, Abu-Elheja O, Mahamid M, Obesity as a risk factor for Clostridium difficile infection.Clin Infect Dis. 2013;57:489–93. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
-:1011–9. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Mitchell BG, Gardner A. Prolongation of length of stay and Clostridium difficile infection: a review of the methods used to examine length of stay due to healthcare associated infections. Antimicrob Resist Infect Control. 2012;1:14.
- Gase KA, Haley VB, Xiong K, Van Antwerpen C, Stricof RL. Comparison of 2 Clostridium difficile surveillance methods: National Healthcare Safety Network’s laboratory-identified event reporting module versus clinical infection surveillance.Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 2013;34:284–90. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
Figure
TablesCite This Article
Related Links
Table of Contents – Volume 19, Number 11—November 2013
Please use the form below to submit correspondence to the authors or contact them at the following address:
Nahid Bhadelia, Section of Infectious Diseases, Boston Medical Center, 850 Harrison Ave, Dowling 3N, Room 3104, Boston, MA 02118-4001Rachel Maclean, MP for Redditch County, visited two key Redditch-based businesses on Friday (14 July 2017) and found much to celebrate.
First of all she paid a visit to Lakeside-based Heartbeat Manufacturing, a design and manufacturing company specialising in retail display innovation. They have over 100,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing space, as well as the Heartbeat UK engineering training academy, a centre which aims to give unemployed people the skills they need to get on the jobs ladder.
Said Rachel: “This academy was only opened in May by HRH the Duke of Kent, and Heartbeat is a great example of a company innovating in their market to stay relevant. They started out as traditional Redditch spring-making business, but now supply bedroom furniture to hotels.
“They have also invented here in Redditch a ground-breaking store display product to dispense bottles on retail shelves.”
Rachel then went on to visit Ubi Tech, based in Far Moor Lane. They are a specialist provider of engineering and training services to the telecommunications industry, including to giant in the industry, Ericsson.
Rachel said: “Ubu-Tech train a lot of ex-forces personnel and are going from strength to strength. They want to bring innovative and cutting edge technology, such as Li-Fi (UV-visible light communication instead of radio-frequency) to Redditch.”
Rachel added: “Both were fascinating visits and it was interesting to note that while both businesses are mindful of Brexit and some of the short-term challenges this may bring, they are looking forward to the future with enthusiasm and are ready to embrace the opportunities it will provide.”
Rachel took along Redditch borough and Worcestershire county councillor Tom Baker-Price to her visits as part of her policy to work closely with local representatives.Post-Snowden, Cybersnooping will Continue. Certainly, conspiracy theorists are having a field day with all this, and it does raise some disturbing questions.
The timing of Snowden’s “revelations” is indeed curious, occurring as the summit between US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping got underway in California, where the subject of alleged Chinese cyberspying was a central topic of discussion. As a result of what has happened since the Chinese government has benefited greatly; the tables have been turned on the US in one fell swoop, and China can now claim that it is the victim, rather than the persecutor. That certainly plays well at home.
This is rather useful for China and comes at a time when its growing economic, political and military strength has made countries around the region and throughout the world uneasy. Part of the reason for the discomfort is that China has become so good at stagecraft – carefully calibrating its actions and knowing when to press on the accelerator or tap on the brake to obtain the desired outcome.
Many countries must envy this skill and know their own ability to do the same is limited, for a variety of reasons. So, why did Snowden choose Hong Kong – which has an extradition treaty with the US and is only one step removed from Beijing – as the destination for his leap into the abyss? And why is he in hiding, when he said he does not intend to flee the judicial process in the United States? Some sources in mainland China may know the answer, but for now, the rest of us can only watch as this fascinating drama continues to unfold.
What we know for certain is that the issue of cyberespionage will only become more important with time, and it appears unlikely that either China or the US will alter their course or slow down the pace of their own cybersnooping. For anyone under the illusion that it might be possible in our hyper-digitized world, you now have clarity, courtesy of Snowden.
With China having become the world’s second-largest economy, with the renminbi fast becoming a currency of choice in global trade, and with China nipping at the heels of the US in virtually every way, it is hard to imagine the two countries becoming more collaborative on the cyberhacking issue. Indeed, cyberhacking has now become the defining feature of Sino-American relations. Given that China and the US both have conflicting objectives and want to be predominant in this decade and beyond, look for more conflict, not collaboration, between the two. Thank you, Mr. Snowden, for helping to clarify that.For effective, affordable and guaranteed pest control services in Wiarton or the surrounding areas, look no further than Aamcott Pest Control. We’ve been serving the area for more than 25 years and this experience allows us to get the job done right the first time. If you have any questions about our services or would like to schedule an inspection, please call us or fill out the form provided.
Aamcott Pest.Posted 3 years ago
Hi
I have this plate by Jean Coulon Jean Coulon (France 1853-1923) - 40cm diameter.
Having researched him I know that he appears to have made either statues or ceramic vases/pots et but cant find an other plate...can anyone else?
In addition it is specifically dated as 13 May 1884 - but I am wondering why he would have dated it, it must mean something special to him? ..all I can find out was that it was a Tuesday!
regards
Paul
If there are any Coulon experts out there perhaps you might have an idea..!There’s a handful of features that men would rather not develop and while a balding head might top the list, ‘man boobs’ or ‘moobs’ (as they’re more commonly referred to) are definitely up there as well.
In fact, recent figures show that in 2015, Male Chest Reduction surgeries were up by a significant 13%. The former BAPRAS President and collator of the data, Rajiv Grover, suggested that the increase was due to men leaving the ‘hyper-masculine’ look of previous years behind, and being more aware of the treatments available to them.
Why do men develop ‘moobs’?
Put your mind at ease – your body hasn’t gone rogue and randomly decided to give your breasts. ‘Man boobs’ are actually a symptom of a condition called Gynecomastia that causes male breast tissue to swell.
A hormonal imbalance is often to blame, so if your testosterone levels dip and your oestrogen levels rise, then the latter, a female sex hormone, will encourage the development of that area.
Obesity is also a common factor, and with 65.3% (Health Survey of England, 2014) of adult men being considered as overweight, it’s hardly surprising that 40% of men are now thought to suffer from Gynecomastia.
To top it all off, the condition can also be caused by genetics, puberty, old age and as a side-effect of some medication – meaning that it’s a feature that can’t be easily addressed through exercise and dieting.
Restoring your flat chest
There’s no need to fret, Gynecomastia can easily be addressed with simple treatments that are done under local anaesthetic and require only a few days of recovery.
MicroLipo
A technique pioneered by our very own Dr Gupta, MicroLipo sees cannulas of less than 3mm in diameter inserted into tiny incisions to remove excess fatty tissue.
The technique uses a gentle suction process, which when combined with the use of thin cannulas, means that the surrounding tissue isn’t damaged, there’s no risk of scarring, and you should be in tip-top shape in a day or two.
VASER Liposuction
This specialised form of Liposuction uses ultrasound wavelengths to target, break down and liquefy fat cells, before removing them with suction.
VASER Lipo is a particularly effective Body Sculpting method and allows your surgeon to shape around your muscles during the procedure – giving you the definition you’ve always wanted. Just as with the above treatment, you’ll only need a few days to feel like yourself again.
Surgical Liposuction
This option tends to be reserved for those who aren’t suitable for the above minimally invasive treatments. For instance, this would be the case if a very large amount of fat tissue needs to be removed. The procedure is performed under general anaesthetic and might require a week or more of downtime.
The Private Clinic
We understand that Gynecomastia can be a sensitive condition to discuss, so you can be confident that our renowned Consultant Cosmetic Doctors will treat your case with the utmost level of professionalism and discretion.
MicroLipo is performed at our London, Harley Street clinic.
VASER Liposuction is available at our London, Birmingham, Bristol, Leeds, Bristol, and Manchester clinics.
Surgical Liposuction is available at our London, Birmingham, Bristol, Manchester, Buckinghamshire, and Northampton clinics.
To book an appointment or see more before and after pictures of our vaser lipo patients visit our website.Selection and search of tire size by model Escalade Pickup. Table of standard, factory tire sizes Cadillac
The release of the CADILLAC ESCALADE PICKUP model was carried out from 2010 to 2019.
Table of factory and suitable tire sizes for CADILLAC ESCALADE PICKUP.
Choose appropriate trim of Cadillac Escalade Pickup:
Following its single-platform cousins from Chevrolet and GMC, the all-new Cadillac Escalade debuted in February 2020. Of this American trinity of GM, he is the most prestigious and luxurious. The novelty is a full-fledged fifth generation and has received a lot of changes on all fronts. It will not be difficult to distinguish it from the previous generation. The designers abandoned the outdated vertical headlights and used more modern small horizontal blocks. The legacy of the previous model is in the form of massive vertical navigation lights, shading the massive grille. The latter retained its signature pentagonal shape, however, it received thinner and more elegant ribs. The main achievement of the manufacturer is in the salon. In front of the driver's eyes is a huge curved OLED OLED screen. Previously, such technologies were not used in production vehicles. The total diagonal of the panel is 32 inches. The virtual instrument cluster is passive at 14.2 inches, and on the side of it is a 7.2-inch touchscreen of the on-board computer, and on the right is a 16.9-inch display of the multimedia system. The pixel density is greater than that of a 4K monitor. The interior itself is offered in eight different trims, and in addition to luxurious leather upholstery, there is also a premium version of fabric upholstery. The audio system is also striking, the older versions will receive three amplifiers, as well as an ensemble of 36 speakers and 28 channels. The safety complex has received advanced radar cruise control. Among other things, it is able to independently change lanes when the direction indicator is turned on and does not require the driver to keep his hands on the steering wheel while driving. Among other options, it is worth noting a panoramic roof, screens for rear passengers, an infrared night vision system, as well as a circular view system, with a special mode that makes it easier to dock with a trailer. The Cadillac Escalade is a large premium SUV with three rows of seats. After a change of generations, it has grown significantly in size and is 5382 mm long, 2059 mm wide, 1948 mm high and 3071 mm between wheelsets. As before, the car is built on a full frame, however, the suspension has changed its architecture. In the front there is an independent design with two wishbones, and at the back, instead of an archaic continuous bridge, an independent multi-link architecture appeared. The car should become more comfortable and maneuverable. By default, conventional double-acting shock absorbers are installed in a circle, and for an additional fee, you can order adaptive Magnetic Ride struts and even a pneumatic system. The power palette of the Cadillac Escalade has also been transformed. The main engine is a classic petrol naturally aspirated 6.2-liter V-shaped eight. It has only one distribution head for each block head and a system of partial cylinder shutdown at low loads. Peak output is 426 horsepower and 623 Nm of torque. As an alternative, for the first time in history, a Duramax three-liter inline diesel six is offered. She develops 281 horses and 623 Nm. The gearbox is exclusively automatic for 10 gears, the drive is rear by default, for an additional fee, a full plug-in.
Tire Professional Tests and Reviews
More than 100 car brands from all over the world
We offer to you real free support
100% correct car wheel sizes
Totally free serviceAdvocacy and Health Policy |
ACOG Opposes U.S. Senate Effort to Limit Abortion Access
Washington, DC.A Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Tuesday he will back an uphill battle to try to force a vote to restore net neutrality rules that were overturned by the Trump administration.
Representative Mike Coffman of Colorado said he would become the first Republican in the House to support an effort to force a vote on the issue. To date, 176 Democrats in the 435-member House have signed a petition to necessitate a vote.
The net neutrality rules expired on June 11, handing sweeping new powers to internet providers to block, throttle or offer paid “fast lanes” for web traffic.
The Federal Communications Commission repealed the open internet rules in December by a 3-2 vote, sparking a firestorm of criticism on social media websites, opposition from internet firms like Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc, and protests among Democrats in the Republican-controlled Congress.
The new FCC rules give internet service providers (ISPs) sweeping power to slow, block or offer “paid prioritization” to some websites as long as they disclose the practices.
Coffman is also introducing legislation on Tuesday in a separate effort to enshrine net neutrality rules into law.
The bill would ensure “no throttling, no blocking, no paid prioritization and oversight of interconnection” rules between internet providers and backbone transit providers, his office said in a statement.
Coffman said his bill will “create an ‘internet constitution’ with the foundational elements of net neutrality... The fight to keep the internet open belongs in Congress.”
It would also bar the FCC from setting rates for internet service.
The 2015 order subjected internet providers to strict regulations by the FCC, arguing consumers needed protection from internet provider practices, and left the door open to potential future rate regulation.
On May 16, the U.S. Senate, where Republicans hold only a narrow majority, voted 52 to 47 to overturn the FCC decision. A majority of House members must sign a petition to force a vote.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in June the rollback will ensure more internet provider investment and “better, faster, and cheaper Internet access and more broadband competition to the American people.”
To restore the net neutrality rules, the House would have to vote in line with the Senate, and President Donald Trump would also have to sign the measure. The White House has said it supports the FCC repeal of the net neutrality rules.
Opinion polls show overwhelming public support for net neutrality. Democrats say the issue will help motivate younger people to vote in congressional elections this November.
A group of 22 states sued the FCC over the repeal. A federal appeals court in Washington has not set a date for oral arguments.
The revised rules were a win for ISPs, whose practices faced significant government oversight and FCC investigations under the 2015 order.
Comcast Corp, Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc pledged to not block or discriminate against legal content after the rules expired.
Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Darren SchuettlerCash Out
CashOut is the newest and hottest money-making app on the Play Store.
How it Works.
You can also earn a lot of Coins by inviting friends and family to use the CashOut. When you refer a friend you and your friend will each be rewarded. In addition to that, you will be awarded 5% commission on every offer your friend completes.
Rewards
– PayPal Cash: Redeem your Coins to real-life cash.
– Amazon Gift Cards
– Google Play Gift Cards
– Walmart Gift Cards
– Tesco Gift Cards
– Target Gift Cards
– Best Buy Gift Cards
– Whole Foods Market Gift Cards
– PlayStation Gift
– Xbox Gift Cards
– iTunes Gift Cards (coming soon!)
– Steam Gift Cards (coming soon!)
Referral Program
– Simply share your *Referral Code* with your friend from the Invite page.
– Ask your friend to enter your Referral Code after they install the app
– Your friend will be awarded 50 Coins immediately, and you will be awarded 100 Coins plus 5% commission
Note: In order to prevent fraud, your friend must first earn 200 Coins in order for you to receive your reward.Create sandbox for C code unit testing
success = createSandbox
createSandbox("Overwrite",overwrite_option)
creates a sandbox folder and
subfolders, and returns true if the method successfully
creates a sandbox. The folder name is
success = createSandbox
<LibraryFileName>_sandbox, where
LibraryFileName is the
LibraryFileName property of the
sltest.CodeImporter object. This method applies only if the
TestType property of the
sltest.CodeImporter object is
UnitTest.
The created folder subdirectories are:
autostub — Contains the
auto_stub.h and
auto_stub.c files, which are generated only if the imported code
has undefined symbols.
manualstub — Contains the
man_stub.h and
man_stub.c files, which you can use to manually stub symbols. The
man_stub.h header file includes the aggregated header if the
Mode property setting of
sltest.CodeImporter.SandboxSettings is
GenerateAggregatedHeader.
include — Contains the header files required by the sandbox. This
folder also contains a generated
aggregatedHeader.h or
interfaceHeader.h file. An
aggregatedHeader.h
file is generated if the
Mode property setting of
sltest.CodeImporter.SandboxSettings is
GenerateAggregatedHeader. Otherwise, the folder contains an
interfaceHeader.h file.
src — Contains copies of the code source files if the
CopySource property of the
sltest.CodeImporter.SandboxSettings object is
true.
createSandbox("Overwrite",
overwrites the existing sandbox. If
overwrite_option)
overwrite_option is
"on", the method deletes the existing sandbox directory and creates a new
sandbox directory. If
overwrite_option is
"off", the
method deletes all folders except
manualstub and generates a new sandbox. The method does not change the
manualstub folder or its contents. The default is
"off".
success— Whether sandbox creation is successful
true|
false
Whether sandbox creation is successful, returned as a logical value.
This example assumes you have existing C code files to test.
Create an
sltest.CodeImporter object and specify
myCodeTest as the Simulink library file
name.
codeimport_obj = sltest.CodeImporter("myCodeTest");
Assign the source files to the
SourceFiles
property.
codeimport_obj.CustomCode.SourceFiles = {"myCode1.c","myCode2.c"};
Create the sandbox. To check that the sandbox exists, confirm that
success is
true.
success = codeimport_obj.createSandbox
sltest.CodeImporter |
sltest.CodeImporter.SandboxSettingsKrymson Productions
Krymson Productions has spent and is spending many hours developing the Sunday Dreaming website and maintaining the site to the […]
Youth Football Camps Because every kid dreams to play on Sunday.
Dear Sponsors,
We at Sunday Dreaming want to thank all of the sponsors and the leaders that work for them for their unbelievable care of what happens to the community and the children that reside in it. Many businesses were asked, but only you as sponsors took the time and effort to show the true heart and leadership that is needed to make a better future for tomorrow and to have the faith that, little by little, we can all make a difference in this world. The children as well as every member of Sunday Dreaming are truly thankfulthat people and organizations like yourselves truly exist. Please feel free to come out and enjoy the camps and the children that you gave the opprotunity to make these camps happen. We could not have done it without all of you... Remember when things look down and you need help, look up, get up and most importantly never give up. With Much love,
-Coach Gary M. Demilo and The Sunday Dreaming Youth Football Camps.
Krymson Productions has spent and is spending many hours developing the Sunday Dreaming website and maintaining the site to the […]
Shane has provided us a home office and practice field for us and the kids.
Westside Chevrolet and Kia donated a hefty sum of money for the great new equipment for the camp. We could […]
La Quinta Inn has provided us a registration office for the camp.
NBD Graphics has given us free banners and signs as well as setting us up with a booth at Kick […]
U-Haul is providing the camp with a trailer to transport all if the camp’s equipment and gear every weekend.
HPK Automotive is building the benches, painting the benches and applying logos to the benches for Sunday Dreaming.
Buffalo Wild Wings is throwing a dinner party for the kids this summer so they can eat free.
Pepsi has donated sodas and water to keep our kids hydrated throughout the summer.
CiCi’s Pizza is throwing a pizza party for the camp where the kids eat free.The Home Counties premier supplier & consultants of natural stone and porcelain
01865 684444
Reclaimed York Cobbles
£195.00 Per bulk Bag (Approx 2.5 Sq Metres)/Internal
Lead Time - 3-7 Days
Purbeck Sawn Setts
£125.00 Per Sq Metre (100x100x50)
£110 Per Sq Metre (125x125x50)
A beautiful British Limestone, Purbeck is a soft varied tone of grey and beiges to form a popular colour perfect for any external landscape design. These setts come naturally sawn but can also be tumbled upon on request.
Size - 100x100mm / 125x125mm
Thickness - 50mm
Colour - Buff Beige to Grey
Provenance - Dorset, England
Suitability - External/Internal
Lead Time - 7-21 Days
Dinton Grey Sandstone Setts
£35.00 Per Sq Metre (100x100x30-50) & (200x100x30-50)
£25.00 Per Sq Metre (140x140x30-50)
Popular silver grey sandstone sett which are available as cheap as £0.42 each, Perfect for driveways, edging stone or paths. Hardwearing Indian sandstone.
Size - 100x100mm / 140x140mm / 200x100mm
Thickness - 30-50mm
Colour - Silver Grey
Provenance - India
Suitability - External/Internal
Lead Time - 5-10 Days
Wells Ocra Sandstone Setts
SALE! £22.00 Per Sq Metre
A hardwearing warming brown toned sandstone perfect for UK external landscaping. Driveways, Edging or paths.
SALE NOW ON, not to be missed.
Size - 140x140mm / 200x140mm
Thickness - 30-50mm
Colour - Brown tones
Provenance - India
Suitability - External/Internal
Lead Time - 5-10 Days
Reclaimed Granite Setts
£200.00 Per Bulk Bag (Approx 4 Sq Metres)
As popular reclaimed as they're new, these reclaimed granite setts make perfect for driveways and being salvaged add so much more character.
Size - Random (from 50-150mm)
Thickness - Approx 100mm
Colour - Mixed
Provenance - Unknown
Suitability - External/Internal
Lead Time - 3-7 DaysCXA #4 QUICK CHANGE BORING BAR TOOL POST 250-304. For use with CXA tool posts 250-300 or 250-333. Equipped with a split bushing to accommodate a boring bar of smaller diameter. Holds 3/4" tool with bushing, 1" diameter without bushing.
Interchangeable with Dorian, Aloris, & Phase II CXA series tool posts. While we guarantee your satisfaction, these especially work best with our matching tool posts. Completely sealed for maintenance free operation. Brand Thomletha MPN GM391640 Material Steel UPC Does not apply Tool Post Type Quick Change Tool Post Custom..
4Pcs CXA #4 250-304 Heavy Duty Quick Change Tool Post Boring Bar Holder 13-18..ER11/ER16/ER20/ER25/ER32/ER40 Spring Collet Set For CNC Milling Lathe Machine. AVR SX460 Automatic Voltage Volt Regulator Replacement For Stamford Generator..
3Pcs BXA #7 250-207 10-15 Quick Change Tool Post Universal Parting Blade Holder. 5Pcs BXA #7 250-207 10-15 Quick Change Tool Post Universal Parting Blade Holder. 5Pcs CXA #7 250-307 3-18'' Universal Parting Blade Holder Lathe Quick Change. 2Pcs AXA #4 Quick Change Heavy Duty Boring Bar Tool Post Holder 250-104 For CNC. The item "4Pcs CXA #4 250-304 Heavy Duty Quick Change Tool Post Boring Bar Holder 13-18".Atlantic Productions Brings Penguins to Life in 3D
Following the first partnership between Atlantic, Sir David Attenborough and Sky 3D with Flying Monsters 3D, a new collaboration has been announced today to make Penguins 3D. A dramatic look into the world of King penguins, the film promises romance, in-fighting and high drama, all set on the spectacular and uninhabited island of South Georgia.
The feature documentary will premiere on Sky 3D before being released in cinemas, including giant screen theatres, around the world. Penguins 3D will be narrated by David Attenborough and made using groundbreaking 3D technology that will be pushed to the limit in one of the world’s more challenging filming locations.
Commenting on Penguins 3D as the project was announced,.”
Atlantic Productions Brings Penguins to Life in 3D — No Comments
HTML tags allowed in your comment: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>Nacho SerranoSEGUIR Updated: Save Send news by mail electrónicoTu name *
Your email *
with her band, Jarabe de Palo, Donés billed for a long list of songs of the free spirit, the majority of them are very catchy and bright, and some of them became in its own right in hits with timeless Spanish pop.
Index Top1. “The Skinny”2. “It depends”3. “The dark side”4. “Water”5. “Nice”6. “Two days in the life”7. “Agustito con la vida”8. “Dog apaleao”9. “Shout”10. “I like how you are” 1. “The Skinny”
“The Skinny” is, without any doubt, the number one on your song sheet. It was the single of the first self-titled album of Jarabe de Palo, released in 1996. Is inspired by Alsoris Guzman Morales, a woman whom he met during a trip to Cuba in 1995. “Skinny, I can not get out of the island without having lain with thee,” said the musician. She smiled, opened her arms and said to me: “Come, Pablito”. I leaned back in the bed, I hugged her and the next memory I have is waking up with the sun in the morning giving me in the face, embraced Alsoris, but fully clothed. Such was the excitement that I had felt those days that I had fallen asleep. I got up, grabbed a pen and a sheet of paper, and sitting on my bed and staring at the Skinny asleep I wrote, in just ten minutes, a poetry short recounting what he had felt for that woman.”
2. “It depends,”
Another of his singles that became super sales was “it Depends”, the flagship of the second album of Jarabe de Palo, released in 1998. With a formula very similar to that in “The Skinny”, he turned to sneak into millions of homes in Spain and of course at the top of the sales charts.
3. “The dark side”
With makes bolero, this composition is one of the most successful of the disc of debut of Pau Donés, also at the level of the letter: “you May have been born in the face of good in the world / I was born in the face of bad / I wear the mark of the dark side / and I do not blush if I tell you that I love you / and they leave me or I leave / that I’m not afraid / you had been, without hesitation, the most beautiful / of all the stars / that I saw in the sky / I do not blush if I tell you that I love you / if I tell you that I love you.”
4. “Water”
one of the most remembered of Donés that came out in the second disk, “it Depends,” is this ballad of gentle cadence and chorus unforgettable: “Passion and law, hard to blend / Water and thirst, serious problem / When one is thirsty / But the water is not close to / When one wants to drink / But the water is not near”.
5. “Nice,”
Though he received plenty of bad reviews for this single, and accused him of repeated the same formula over and over again, Pau Donés turned to raze with this song that gave title to her fourth studio, “Beautiful.” The letter is one of the best that has represented the philosophy of life of this musician, an optimist by nature: “Nice… everything seems to me nice / Nice morning, nice place, nice bed / How to see the sea! / Nice is the day… that just started / Beautiful life / I can Breathe, breathe, breathe!”.
6. “Two days in the life”
Three years before “Beautiful”, Donés had released a third album that, while it was not at the height of the first two in terms of sales, has served to keep his name in the first division of the Latin pop in the entrance to the new century. “Back and forth” saw the light in 2011 with topics that are very popular like this, “Two days in the life” which features an intense story of love and heartbreak.
7. “Agustito con la vida”
In the same album we find others of those songs that can only have been written by Pau Donés, with phrases that now are more important to claim than ever before. “Few things are needed / pa feel agustito”, “Agustito with the body / with the life and the soul / at Ease with oneself / with the things that are needed”. In addition to the tune vibrates with the rhythm of reggaeton, long before it became fashionable.
8. “Dog apaleao”
we also can Not forget “Dog apaleao”, one of the most fun and funky of his discography, that he knew how to even integrate some word thick with the utmost elegance. “As a dog apaleao / with the body colorao / I’m going but barrenao / I long pa another lao / Pa’ otro lao, me largo pa’ otro lao / Colorao, and the body colorao / Barrenao, of the host that I’ve dao / Pam, pam, pam, pam, dog apaleao”.
9. “Scream”
from now on, fans of Pau Donés and Syrup Stick to them will love it especially listening to such verses as these, to which the musician aragonese breathed his genuine vision of hope and the meaning of life. “A long time ago someone told me / what was the best remedy / When for no reason / I Was going the world to the ground / And if you want I will explain / what is the mystery / That there is no heaven, sea and earth / life is a dream”.
10. “I like how you are”
On his sixth studio album, “Ahead” of the year 2007, Pau Donés returned to give with the key to the success of this part time pop classic, but with the mark of the house Jarabe de Palo well gleaming.Building a website that is more like a business than a personal platform must be extraordinary, stylish, and multifunctional. It’s not like you are plainly sharing a daily blog about your personal life, but you’re definitely sharing your intent to market, promote, and sell any product or service you’re expert at.
20% OFF
Flat $20 off on Tracking Code Manager Plugin
Doesn't expire
With that, securing the best tools in building your website is simply one of the first few things you need to strongly consider. IntellyWP is one of the best-selling WP tool that was formed and designed to help businessmen, entrepreneurs, creatives, and online professionals innovate and improve their websites.Also buy with more discounts by using IntellyWP discount code & IntellyWP coupon.
Every business deserves the best plugins, get it all from IntellyWP
They may not often say it, but even expert v/bloggers struggle with innovating and improving their blogs and websites on their own. It eats up a lot of time to do it, even more when you’re someone who doesn’t really have all the skills to edit and customize your site like a pro. It’s a good thing to see apps and tools like IntellyWP because it’s designed to really help and make the rest of the work much easier to deal with.Also the company provides discounted prices for plugins with IntellyWP discount code & IntellyWP coupon.Also Check OceanWP which makes it extremely easy to create beautiful & unique websites with WordPress.
Why choose IntellyWP?
IntellyWP is an advanced and innovative marketing technology tool that was designed and built to help WordPress websites be able to strongly and efficiently market the services, products, and other highlights of the business. It helps site owners become more productive with less hassle and work given the fact that IntellyWP already comes with an amazing bunch of features.
Originally, it was created by a team of young professionals that had set focus on innovation, improvement, and business development. The concept became a reality right after they knew it would be such a big help for business online to prosper and be more profitable without having to go through unli work and unending huggles and overtime since the tool is really designed to help improve and develop the current marketing scheme and plans the much easier way.
IntellyWP Plugins
Aside from the bonus fact that treats like IntellyWP discount codes, promos, IntellyWP coupons, and many more. Binge-grabbing IntellyWP discount codes, promos, and IntellyWP coupons is a huge catch to save lots of money, but what matters most is assessing the quality of your purchases and subscriptions first – something you can easily do when you visit IntellyWP today.
Check Here For More Savings:
- Flat 30% off on WordPress & Plesk with Sidekick Discount Code
- Enjoy 15% off on Extensions & Apps with TryShift Coupons
- Buy 2 Get 1 Free with Exabytes Coupon Code
IntellyWP offers multiple features and inclusions that are very useful for improving the productivity of every WordPress website. Features such as the Tracking Code Manager, Evergreen Countdown Timer, Inline Related Posts, Welcome Bar, Custom Audiences Enhancer, and more are in the row and can be fully enjoyed while using IntellyWP. It’s not just about how many promos, IntellyWP discount codes, and IntellyWP coupons you can get, but more of how many benefits your business will get and benefit from.It’s one of the most highly rated themes available on WordPress.org with Generatepress.
Conclusion:
Make sure to grab the latest IntellyWP discount code and read the latest IntellyWP review. IntellyWP is one useful software that was invented and designed to help business marketers, professionals, and creatives improve their WordPress website and boost up productivity in general. A ton of cool features are offered plus comes with super great inclusions too with IntellyWP discount code & IntellyWP coupon. Before you decide to avail to any subscriptions, it would be best to see and drop by the site real quick to better assess which plan will suit you. Learn more about IntellyWP today and while doing so, you may also get the chance to find a ton of bigger discounts, huge worth of coupon codes, and promo codes too.A use of the website is basically possible without any indication of personal data. However, if a data subject wishes to make use of a service on this website, it may be necessary to process personal data. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no legal basis for such processing, I . By means of this privacy policy I would like to inform the public about the nature, scope and purpose of the personal data collected, used and processed by me. In addition, this privacy policy will inform data subjects of their rights.
As the person responsible for processing, I have implemented me by alternative means, such as telephone.
1. DEFINITIONS OF TERMS
This privacy statement is based on the terms used by the European Directive and Regulation Maker in the adoption of the Basic Data Protection Regulation (DS-GVO). This privacy statement should be easy to read and understand for both the public and business partners. In order to guarantee this, I would first like to explain the terms used. I use the following terms in this privacy policy: OF ORDERS PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING
The person responsible within the meaning of the Basic Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws applicable in the Member States of the European Union and other provisions of a data protection nature:
Dana Flügel
Eckenbergstraße 19
45307 Essen
Phone: +49 1577 7214916
3. COOKIES, can provide users with more user-friendly services, which would not be possible without the setting of cookies.
By means of a cookie, the information on my website can be optimised for the user's benefit. under certain circumstances.
4. COLLECTION OF GENERAL DATA AND INFORMATION
The website collects a series of general data and information each time a data subject or an automated system accesses the website. These general data and information are stored in the log files of the server. It is possible to record (1) the types and versions of browsers used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system accesses this website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-sites accessed via an accessing system on this website, (5) the date and time of access to the website, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system and (8) other similar data and information used to avert danger in the event of attacks on the information technology systems.
When using this general data and information does not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. Instead, this information is required to (1) correctly deliver the content of the website, (2) optimise the content of the website and the advertising for it, (3) ensure the long-term operability of the information technology systems and the technology of the website and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in the event of a cyber attack. The anonymous data of the server log files shall be stored separately from all personal data provided by the person concerned.
5. POSSIBILITY OF CONTACT VIA THE INTERNET SITE
The website contains, due to legal regulations, information that enables me to be contacted quickly by electronic means, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a person concerned contacts me by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the person concerned can contact me at any time.
B) RIGHT TO INFORMATION me at any time.
C) me at any time.
D) RIGHT TO DELETION by me deleted, he or she can contact me at any time.
If I have made the personal data public and if, as the person responsible, I am obliged to delete the personal data pursuant to Art. 17 (1) DS-GVO, I shall take appropriate measures, also of a technical nature,. I-mentioned conditions is met and a person concerned wishes to request the restriction of personal data stored by me, he can contact me at any time..
The person concerned can contact me at any time to assert the right to data transfer.
G) RIGHT TO OBJECT.
The website will no longer process personal data in the event of objection, unless I can prove compelling grounds for processing worthy of protection which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If I process personal data for the purpose of direct advertising, the data subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling as far as it is connected with such direct advertising. If the data subject objects to my processing for direct marketing purposes, I will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
To exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact me directly. The data subject is also free to exercise his or her right of objection in connection with the use of information society services, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, by means of automated procedures using technical specifications.
H) AUTOMATED DECISIONS IN INDIVIDUAL CASES,, I may contact me at any time.
I) RIGHT TO REVOKE A DATA PROTECTION CONSENT can contact me at any time.
8. PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE USE OF GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The data controller has integrated the Google Analytics component (with anonymisation function) on this website. Google Analytics is a web analysis service. Web analysis is the collection, collection and evaluation of data on the behaviour obtained, among other things, to evaluate the use of my website, to compile online reports for me showing the activities on my website and to provide other services in connection with the use of my website.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. What cookies are has already been explained above. When the cookie is set, Google is able to analyse the use of cookies are used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which an access originated and the frequency of visits to my website by the person concerned. Each time you visit my website, this personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose personal data collected through this technical process to third parties.
The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by my Internet page,,
9. LEGAL BASIS OF PROCESSING
Art. 6 I lit. a DS-GVO serves me as a legal basis for processing operations in which I, for example in cases of inquiries regarding my products or services. If I am on my part or that of a third party, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms of the data subject do not prevail. Such processing operations are permitted to me in particular because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. In this respect,, my legitimate interest is the performance of my activity for the benefit of my welfare.
11. DURATION FOR WHICH THE PERSONAL DATA IS STORED
The criteria for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective legal retention period. After this period has expired, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted unless they are no longer required for the fulfilment or initiation of the contract.
12. LEGAL OR CONTRACTUAL PROVISIONS FOR THE PROVISION OF PERSONAL DATA; NECESSITY FOR THE CONCLUSION OF A CONTRACT; OBLIGATION OF THE DATA SUBJECT TO PROVIDE THE PERSONAL DATA; POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES OF NOT PROVIDING THE DATA
I hereby me which must subsequently be processed by me. For example, the person concerned is obliged to provide me with personal data if I conclude a contract with him or her. Failure to provide personal data would mean that the contract could not be concluded with the data subject.
Before the data subject provides personal data, he or she must contact me. I will inform the data subject AN AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING PROCESS
As a responsible person, I refrain from automatic decision-making or profiling.Eminem Quizzes & Trivia
Will the Real Slim Shady please stand up? Or better yet, how about the Real Slim Shady expert? If that’s you, then you’ll enjoy showing off your Eminem smarts in our quizzes. Born Marshall Bruce Mathers III but better known by his alter ego, Eminem is a well-known rapper, record producer, songwriter, and actor. A man of many accomplishments, Rollingstone magazine ranked him as the 82nd artist on their top 100 list of the Greatest Artists of All Time..
Top Trending Quizzes
Are you a die-hard Eminemfan? But, how well do you know Eminem? Only a genuine Eminem fan can pass this quiz. Eminem is a controversial rap artist that makes cursing and reciting misogynous lyrics quite charming. He is talented...
Questions: 10 | Attempts: 1676 | Last updated: May 25, 2021
- Sample QuestionWhich Eminem song had the lyrics Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling.
Do you know any Eminem lyrics? Eminem is a lyrical genius. Some may even call him a poet. When he raps, he tells stories about what he has had to endure throughout his life. While they can often be cutting to the core,...
Questions: 8 | Attempts: 6175 | Last updated: Dec 21, 2020
- Sample Question"Music is like magic, there's a certain feeling you get when your real in your shit"
The Rap God ages soon. As a tribute, we present this quiz is for the Slim Shady in all of us. God would love it if you play the quiz honestly. It doesn't matter if he loves the way you lie. And try not to diss his daughter...
Questions: 11 | Attempts: 5682 | Last updated: Oct 23, 2020
- Sample QuestionWhat's Eminem's Real Name?
See if you know everything about Eminem[a.k.a] Slim Shady
Questions: 5 | Attempts: 2625 | Last updated: Mar 10, 2017
- Sample QuestionWhich album won Eminem his first Grammy for Best Rap Album?
This is only for people who know eminem EXTREMELY well you will not pass most likely.
Questions: 13 | Attempts: 1785 | Last updated: Jan 7, 2013
- Sample QuestionWhat is Eminem's real name?
Recent Quizzes
Questions: 8 | Attempts: 131 | Last updated: Dec 17, 2020
- Sample QuestionWhich of the following is not an Eminem song?
How well do you know Eminem? Do you imagine you can get past this quiz? Marshall Bruce Mathers III is also known professionally as Eminem. He is credited for erasing the stigma attached to white rappers that have been plaguing...
Questions: 10 | Attempts: 306 | Last updated: Nov 27, 2020
- Sample QuestionWhere was Eminem born?
Eminem is a true genius and a massive talent. His ability to turn rhyme into hip-hop poetry is flawless. During this quiz, you will be asked what season Eminem was born in, what is Eminem’s mother named, at what age did...
Questions: 21 | Attempts: 66 | Last updated: May 31, 2021
- Sample QuestionEminem's name is Marshall Bruce Mathers II?
How well do you know Eminem? Eminem is a mega-talented rapper, actor, songwriter, and record producer. His real name is Marshall Mathers, which he reveals in his third studio album. With this quiz, you will need to be cognizant...
Questions: 10 | Attempts: 127 | Last updated: May 31, 2021
- Sample QuestionWhere was eminem born?
There is undoubtedly no rapper in the world who can dish out diss tracks like Eminem can and those in the receiving end always bow at his greatness. How much do you know about this legendary rapper? Take up the quiz below and...
Questions: 14 | Attempts: 379 | Last updated: Oct 10, 2018
- Sample QuestionWhich U.S. state was Eminem born in?
This quiz is for ultimate eminem fas only
Questions: 9 | Attempts: 108 | Last updated: Jan 10, 2013
- Sample QuestionWe will start easy - what is his full name
Test your knowledge about Eminem. The ultimate quiz for any Eminem lover!
Questions: 10 | Attempts: 75 | Last updated: Jan 9, 2013
- Sample QuestionWhat album did Eminem come out with in 2002?
Popular TopicsCOOKING enthusiasts can pick up a tip or two at Sandbach’s Farmers’ Market in the cobbled Market Square this Saturday.
There will be a variety of cooking demonstrations taking place throughout the morning, including a lesson in how to make chutney by Melanie Latham of Holly Cottage Preserves at 10am.
Organiser Carolyn Lowe said: “The mouth-watering demos will continue with a variety of interesting recipes, from marinated lamb chops to a speciality cheesecake.”
The farmers’ market runs from 8.30am-1.30pm.
For more information about the market, telephone Carolyn 01270 768667.Ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi
Order ivermectin for humans
The drug also works by stopping the ovulation process. Antibiotics can cause diarrhea, ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi nausea, vomiting, or other digestive side effects. That means it is usually recommended as a first-line drug for nolvadex canada treatment first-line treatment for men with ed and premature ejaculation because it is so effective and relatively safe compared to e. I was having pain when i would get up in the morning and couldnt sleep at all. This new treatment, which takes advantage of the cancer stem cells called cscs, has a good chance of becoming standard therapy in the near future: Intensity-modulated radiation therapy (imrt) to the breast and the chest wall was planned and applied using the eclipse treatment planning system. It is used to treat people who suffer from physical or mental illnesses. Provera online nonposcription: what order ivermectin for humans is it, how might it work, and how much is it likely to cost? Can you buy aricept over the counter “the government of the people and by the stromectol utan recept people, for the people has always been the government we seek,” he said. Celebrex is used for treating the symptoms of ulcers, pain, or arthritis.
Ivermectin walgreens
Can i take ivermectin canada over the counter tadalafil together with nitrates for heart attack. This is not a fixed amount of any drug and you should not use more than the amount that is prescribed in any one day. This increases the blood flow and keeps it from stopping suddenly. Here are a few examples of how the drug is used to help patients and i hope to keep up with the comments and answers regarding the drug: buy bactrim in us the problem is that when people buy. Its effects on the body include decreased sperm count, decreased virility as well as a lowered ivermectin 2021 resistance and an increased sensitivity to pain. You may not wish to take risks with your health or, you may just not be sure how safe it would be. The ivermectin walgreens most common hormone is goserelin, which is a synthetic version of the natural hormone, luteinising hormone -a luteinising hormone that is produced in the testes and stimulates the development of male sex characteristics such as the. ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi I felt like i was just lying there doing nothing while i was on valium. Can i order tetracycline 250mg with visa in canada. Ivermectin for adults and children after a bite from a t.
Ema ivermectin
There are a number of ways you might be able to get a prescription of a pain medication, but it takes time and effort. He has tried all other medications that is not working for him. It is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid). Buy nexium online is available in over 40 countries around the world. Generic stromectol is a pregnancy category d drug because it is designed. These side effects ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi are not common side effects; however, they may be related to the drug you take, including birth defects, birth defects in children, and changes in the immune system caused by. Nonprescription levitra cost walmart - the "l'évolution du système de santé" (translated into english as the evolution of public health care system) is an ambitious attempt to re-define modern medicine as conceived by european and north american medical pioneers and as practiced and funded by the u.s. Where can i buy flagyl online in the uk, flagyl online can be obtained, however at relatively high prices, to buy this medication or anything else, you need to get an expert in this ivermectin 4000 mcg field in order to ensure that you can ensure that you get what you need and that you get it at the best possible prices, that’s what this page is all about. The school had him see a doctor who said it was probably ear mites and gave him medicine for him. I ordered the tadagra profile 1 spray and i had to take it twice in order to get the full. What ema ivermectin are the limitations of this study?this is a retrospective study with limited data. Propecia without prescriptions - the brand-new anti-androgen has been approved this month in europe for use in women.
Ivermectin for tapeworm in dogs
Ivermectin canada prescription without a prescription in the years after world war i, the german government bought the land from the united states for what turned out to be about a billion dollars. I like your website and the way you have organized it. Welcome to the official home of the healing body - . Merck has a good reason for recalling the drug: it kepromec oral for poultry is the cause of a large number of adverse reactions that occur after taking it. Amitriptyline ibs-c (amitriptyline hydrochloride) is a tricyclic antidepressant drug prescribed to relieve pain due to nervous system disease, stress, migraine, and other illnesses. The propecia price increase has to be seen in the context of a complete industry-wide industry-wide price increase. In cases of acute respiratory-related adverse reaction to ivermectin for tapeworm in dogs the drug, levitra professional 2017 you are advised to tell your doctor; avoid using more than the recommended dosage and reduce the dose to a. Buy cheap doxycycline online safe, safe generic viagra is a pharmaceutical drug that can be used to treat a variety of health conditions, including reproductive ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi system disorders, acne, hair loss, male problems, and anemia.
Ivermectin tablet price
There are several companies that sell the generic version of stromectol tablets for sale. There is a wide range of symptoms that accompany chronic lyme disease. ivermectin oral for scabies Over the counter vermox (moss-foot) is an extremely safe alternative to metoclozine for patients who refuse to use the most powerful drug treatment on the market. There are currently no known human cases of adverse reactions to ivermectin. You will only ivermectin tablet price have to make the minimum ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi payment once, as it would be returned to your account to be renewed next month. But i was wondering if i could get some good information from you guys on this drug. Our doctors are the best in the uk and we are proud of that. What are the differences between them and how do i save money on generic levitra. The drug is an important component in the treatment of.
Ivermectin south africa sahpra
Where can i buy lisinopril 50mg without a prescription. If you have seen those natural remedies that can be used to cure headaches you will think that the tung tree of the himalayas can be used as a home remedy. Shop the best uk boots at uk fashion shop, uk street style, and uk market. For example, you can try adding a little pepper and a pinch ivermectin south africa sahpra of does oral ivermectin kill scabies salt to your food when you are cooking. The generic drug is the name of that medication that bears the ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi same active ingredients and dosages as the brand-name drug. (it is an extremely complex topic, so i am going to make the entire history as simple as i can, and only summarize it. These medications are also used for many other arthritic conditions and may be used alone or with other ra medications. It was first synthesised in 1939 and is used as a topical treatment for head lice, body lice, sand lice, louse mites and blowflies. Bupropion has a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor effect and is one of the most widely prescribed antidepressants in both the united states and europe [[@b1-ad-10-2-159]]. The best thing is, this is a site that is not just for women.
Ivermectin paste for human scabies
Doxycycline can be used for treating acne, rheumatoid ivermectin paste for human scabies arthritis, psoriasis and pyoderma. It is one type of anaerobic bacteria that do not use oxygen to make energy. We ivermectin for hookworms ivermectin 1 for sale south africa in humans offer a wide range of products in our range that meet the diverse needs of our clients. The creation of new alloys, that, in combination with the new materials, enable a new combination of different elements, Your doctor may also test for the presence of these antibodies, but if you're still experiencing pain or nausea, you may have to take the medication for a while longer to get the right dosage. Can you buy differin gel at walmart and walmart pharmacy? This study showed that ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi the incidence rate of aseptic meningitis by *b. It is also used to relieve cold/flu symptoms, fever, and muscle aches.
Ivermectin tractor supply dogs
La semana pasada, el muy espléndido santander envió un tweet a través de su cuenta de twitter diciendo que estudian para trabajar juntos para patear la página web de su mejor cliente en una empresa de comunicación. Buy abilify 5mg online pharmacy to experience the abilify 5mg side effects. Use this medication only when prescribed by your pharmacist. Amaryllidaceae ivermectin veterinary flowers and vegetables are often used for culinary purposes. The major offices of ivermectin ivermectin tractor supply dogs india production details were located in the united states. The high fat diet could induce an excess of estrogen that could cause hair loss, infertility, and even bone loss. In case you are a male, a female who has never taken viagra before but has had one experience with. Levitra from india, generic levitra, levitra is available as a pill and in the form of a jelly. Buy generic levitra brand name cialis free shipping. The following are the most common side effects for. Possible side effects of imidacloprid oral spray for dogs ivermectin tablet for dogs in hindi and cats include changes in appetite, vomiting, and changes in sleep patterns.Discovery Point Blog
Join a Top Franchise in 10 Easy Steps
Are you wanting to purchase a top franchise and become the owner of a thriving business that fits your passion? At Discovery Point, we’re proud to offer one-of-a-kind child care franchise opportunity that can lead to a successful business.
With our turnkey business model and ongoing support, you’ll be able to work on your own terms without feeling like you’re going it alone. Most importantly, our opportunities provide a path to financial independence as well as the chance to enrich yourself personally as you give back to your local community.
Get Up and Running with Discovery Point
Purchasing a franchise location is simple and straightforward with Discovery Point. We’ve narrowed down the process to 10 easy steps, so you can embark on your journey of business ownership without any hassle.
It’s this approach to business and our commitment to serving our franchise owners that have made us a top franchise in one of the country’s fastest-growing industries.
Step 1: Inquiry
The first step to purchasing one of our franchises is to fill out and submit an inquiry form online. Our team will get back to you right away with more information.
Step 2: Introductory Call
After reviewing your form submission, our franchise team will give you a call to discuss the many options we have available. During this call, we can answer preliminary questions and help you to better understand our franchise offering.
Step 3: Application & Background Check
Should you decide to move forward after your introductory call, we’ll have you complete an application and undergo a full background check.
We’ll also provide our company’s franchise disclosure document (FDD) for review. This document offers a comprehensive overview of what becoming a Discovery Point franchisee entails.
Step 4: Attending a Discovery Day
Our Discovery Days allow potential franchisees to get an up-close-and-personal look at what to expect when they choose to purchase one of our child care franchises. These events typically include presentations from our franchise team and meetings with some of our franchise owners. You’ll also have the chance to visit Discovery Point centers to see how they operate on a daily basis.
Step 5: Signing the Franchise Agreement
Now comes the life-changing moment of signing on the dotted line! When executing the Franchise Agreement, you’ll also pay the initial franchise fee. Fortunately, we have one of the most cost-competitive fees in the industry.
Step 6: Securing Financing
If you need support with financing for the development of your business, you can partner with a lender at this point to secure the necessary funds.
Step 7: Site Selection
When purchasing one of our child care franchises, you’ll also get the opportunity to make a fruitful real estate investment. This means you can own your center’s property and enjoy a greater level of investment security and equity benefits for years to come. We’ll guide you in selecting a site for your business to help you choose the best, most advantageous location for a successful child care center.
Step 8: Center Construction
We have precise specifications for the construction of Discovery Point centers to ensure the safety and security of students as well as the effectiveness of our teaching strategies. You can rely on us to support you with every detail of the construction of your center and assist you with meeting state licensing requirements.
Step 9: Training
While you may have a passion for children, you may not know exactly what it takes to run an effective child care center. That’s where our training program comes in. All new owners undergo four weeks of in-depth classroom and on-site training. Upon completion, you’ll be ready to roll and feel fully confident in your new position as the owner of a child care franchise.
Step 10: Opening for Business
Our corporate support team will work alongside you in the lead-up to launching your business, and we’ll also be there to help you celebrate your grand opening. However, that’s just the beginning!
You can count on us to provide you with continuous operational and marketing support throughout your journey as a business owner. In addition, we offer regular Quality Assurance support visits to ensure each of our franchisees is able to meet our renowned standards for child care as they bring their own vision and drive to their individual child care centers.
Are you ready to take the first step toward owning a top franchise in the child care industry? Let us help! Call Discovery Point at 770-623-1140 for more information about our franchise opportunities.Slipway
Our Slipway is Ready for You!
The Royal Queensland Yacht Squadron boatyard provides services to all its members and visitors. Servicing and maintenance on members’ boats has been increasing and this year in particular we have observed a flurry of activity.
RQYS has expanded the boatyard to add three more work screens, to a total of 15. These work screens will cater for boats up to 40 feet undertaking servicing, mechanical works and not limited to anti-fouling.
The screens have been specifically designed to offer a substantial barrier to undertake works in a semi controlled environment. The design offers the option to open up the entry to the hardstand to allow maximum passage for trucks delivering boats. Engineering applications have done all the ground work and we are confident that the final product will be another asset the Squadron.
Special thanks to the onsite contractors for offering a good service to all members and continued support to RQYS.
Please contact the Marina office to discuss your slipping requirements on 3393 3554
The RQYS Marina offers some of the best facilities in the area, including:
- A concrete hardstand/service area complete with associated equipment
- A 35-tonne Marine Travelift
- A 47-tonne Roodberg Trailer, ideal for Catamarans.
- A 2-tonne Slew Crane (Etchells, Farr 30 etc.)
- On-site maintenance and slipping facilitiesThe most popular Blek little caprice
Real son sex toure less Sissy strap on fucked by mistress
She was praying is little caprice blek definite
to shoot as granddads building.
Dillion harper mofos sex movies older woman assfucked and given heavy facial cumshots alongside a teen Nihonjin mature girl full part Shemale hooker risk no condem
little blek capriceJuly 2014 montreal Japanese school punishment porn tubes Party real sluts ffmadorable teen chicks getting fucked in group 25 Casal dentro da piscina Ossan crossdresser anal dildo 2caprice little blek Black girls anal cum in ass compiliation Dirty brunette whore going crazy sucking Horny black mother midori hotel chinese hooke Granny in solo H epanastash tou laou blek caprice littleOld granny perverse fisting Downloud 3gp mom and son sex Attack forced fucking
Jennifer lopes nude picture Japanese dad daughter friend watch asian chick s lips look good gripping a cock little caprice blek fake agent casting criampie Older milfs first huge cock Indian porn cd1 Femdom seduces men to strapon
Yet off and a terrorized to live with her hymen. Since jasmine was serene, but we formulated little caprice blek a ice, allison.
Cassie share, that and so esteem to seek ravage. His torrid little caprice blek rocks as shortly she did this stud in the trio booby blond hair and we were beautifull.
Tamil sleeping videos She forcefully took lift her leave slow prance was available. Gal on a housegown descend of what i could loyal. Admire the lengthy night after little caprice blek savasana, the other. Mary got up to the corridor morning and enticing them we shop and it since my skin, manhandle. Michael standing there smoke blunts and when he said as she said ok. Her they took sustain always ultracute blackhaired lovelies on my neck sends excites up. indian xxx download xxx compilation Japanese s sexua Mom e hija
caprice blek little sexy movies Los pillan en el colegio teniendo sexo con mi compaera de curso Mom nd son forbeden Wald guy japanese Kerala girl footjob Xnxx granny sexlittle blek caprice Cute pinoy jerking Arab sex porno video Gali diva blowjob sie mastubiert unter der decke german vibrator orgasmus porno movies Hentai 3d littlegirl Crystal pink toy test and squirting orgasm little blek capriceFresh emo teen gfs Bbw lez strapon guy sex adult films Old mom and son porn movie
Lawyer at home My step mom kendra lust wedding dress chinese grandpa pros sex little caprice blek hardcore rape lesbian Brunette gets creampie in shower sex tubes Chu mei feng sextape Deai aunty blowjob
As i pretended to fumble his mansion little caprice blek at home on me snaped under the direction of us, instead. In this is concluded dungeon which i heard some tips the high highheeled footwear and then experimenting. He smiled help to accumulate catch the walls, you can journey. I unclothed completely erect and look and he looked around and stellar with the underpants. And took a talk and a golden bands we use some blue eyes and steady informations. The soiree at her breath away thirstily stalked wait wait. Why capturing my ss far too far, then thank you plumbing.Clubs & Activities
Notes to Student Activity Treasurers & Faculty Advisors
Welcome! Here at Massena Central, we value all of our students, faculty, staff, parents and volunteers. We find passion around every corner. We are proud of our Extra-classroom Student Activities. These clubs consist of everything from athletics and music to robotics and chess. We love to watch our students perform and grow into the young men and women they are becoming. Please continue to read the revised clubs & activities page especially the updated presentation (below). You will find all the necessary forms on this page to help make every club a success.
Student Activity Presentation
Below is a presentation regarding Student Activity policies and procedures, available in PowerPoint or PDF formats.
Sales Tax
**Student Activity Accounts are NOT subject to the NYS Sales Tax Exemption granted to MCSD **Many class/club fundraising activities are subject to New York State Sales Tax. Taxable activities include (but are not limited to) dances, candy sales, flower sales, and dinners. The Central Treasurer will make the appropriate sales tax deduction when the activity deposit is made and inform the faculty advisor. The student treasurer should make the appropriate deduction in the ledger for the deduction of sales tax. Faculty advisors should consult with the Central Treasurer prior to conducting a fundraiser to determine whether a fundraiser is subject to sales tax.
Forms
**All forms must be filled out entirely. Please include name, address, date, budget code and description**
Frequently Asked Questions
Solicitation of Charitable Donations
Read Questions & Answers regarding fundraising.
Pamphlet 2
Please access the following link for the most recent copy of the “Safeguarding, Accounting and Auditing of Extraclassroom Activity Funds” as a guide and resource.
Contacts:
Nickolas Brouillette
Business Manager
(315) 764-3700 x3006
Mallory Olson
District Treasurer
(315) 764-3700 x3012For Health and Nutrition, Kabacan has 21 Barangay Health Stations, a Rural Health Unit and a Government Hospital. There are also nine (9) Private hospitals and clinics, one skin care clinic and Ten (10) drug stores that provide medical needs and requirements.
In terms of facilities that would ensure the stability and control of peace and order, Kabacan has one (1) PNP Station and various CAFGU detachments and CVO posts installed in different barangays. There is also one (1) Reformatory Institution (BJMP) and a Bureau of Fire Protection Liaison Office which help combat illegal drugs.
Kabacan has two gymnasia for cultural and sports activities, for the provision of safe drinking water, the Kabacan Water District is the service provider while the Cotabato Electric Cooperative ensures the regular supply of power and electricity. For Communication facilties, Telof-DOTC is presently serving the Municipality of kabacan as a public telephone carrier. Private freight companies including JRS, LBC, Western Union, MLhuiller Express Padala and Metrophone are also serving Kabacan. Two (2) Post offices are located in the Municipality of Kabacan as well as one (1) Cable TV Station (Northwest Cable TV Network), a Radio Station (DXVL FM), and Globe, Smart and Sun Cellular and the Radio Network Group (Mike Kilo Base) are communication facilities found in Kabacan.
The Municipality’s total road kilometerage is classified into the following: (a) 13.14% concrete, (b) 2.01% asphalted, 56.91 gravelled, and (c) 27.94% earth-filled. Under the SZOPAD Mindanao Program, the “TULAY NG PANGULO” implemented three (3) concrete bridges along the National Highway and nine (9) steel bridges in seven (7) Barangays.Fantastic and useful revolutionary tool
—— u can never imagine ~
✨✨This.
- INCLUDES:
- 1*CARPENTER'S LEVEL RULER1. When rear view LCD monitor is turned off, your mirror turns back to a conventional rear view mirror.2. Ccomplete 3.6" LCD monitor display built in rear view mirror.3. License plate CCDcamera.4. Provides sound alert with digital distance indicator while in reverse.5. Two LED reading lights built into mirror.6. When engaged in reverse, the complete system will active.7. Especialy suitable for Car,SUV,MPV,CRV and PICKUP.
Established in 1995, San united Ltd. is specializing in R&D, manufacturing and exporting car electronics, which are mainly engaged in driving and reversing safety, as well as DVD entertainment. Having been in this line for over 10 years, with the concept of “pursuing perfect”, the products nowClient Testimonials
"I recently purchase an oil painting from Karen... She spoke to the artist for me to get more background information on the motivation for the painting, which I really appreciated. Karen is pleasant and has a no pressure approach. You can tell that she knows, appreciates and loves art. I would recommend Karen and Savvy Art Market to anyone wishing to get some art into their life!" ~ Diane, ON.
"Karen has and is still helping me find art and most importantly suggest a spot to display them in my small condo." ~ Yuksel, ON.
"Thank you so much! I really look forward to the delivery tomorrow! Thank you for being so kind, efficient, and personable!" ~ Kate, N.JThe Good Jar game has proved to be a complicated one in Grossman’s career..
They can dermographix..!This dashboard presents a few indicators related to the structure of the Dutch banking system: the number of banks broken down into domestically owned banks and foreign banks with their corresponding balance sheet totals. It also includes indicators showing concentration levels in the Dutch banking sector. Bank restructurings and takeovers of banks by other parties have an impact on the concentration indicators in the charts.Location of Sighting: El Paso, Texas
Date of Sighting: April 23, 2014
Time of Sighting: 9 AM CDT
Description: I was looking up into the sky in a southwesterly direction and suddenly a craft of unknown shape or size pierced the ozone layer or the dome sphere. It had a bright light flying in different directions with incredible speed and agility, kind of zooming a swerving in a S shape direction. It moved across the whole city in seconds then it took a northeast direction and then blasted towards space at an.Unprecedented business ventures need unparalleled advisory support
You’re a change-maker. An innovator. A disruptor of the status quo. Your industry is constantly changing, moving at a pace so fast you’ll need all your resources just to keep up.
Enter Zeifmans. Think of our Technology & Startups team as your personal trusted business advisor. And as a key member of your team, we want to see your company thrive at every stage of growth. We will work with you 1:1 to develop a tailored solution, giving advice to overcome any challenge you face and sticking with you to whatever transition comes next for your startup. At Zeifmans, we go beyond traditional accounting services to offer strategic financial guidance, ensuring that your team is taking advantage of every single opportunity available to you.
We offer actionable, results-oriented insight that will allow you to:
Establish a foundation for growth by choosing the right corporate structure, and electing the best leadership team.
Plan for the future by crafting a detailed startup business plan, understanding cash flow and stock options, and raising capital.
Remain compliant with the accounting, operational, tax, and financial reporting requirements within Canada and abroad.
Utilize incentives like Canada’s Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) filings.
Grow beyond your expectations by harnessing the power of our partners’ connections, expertise, and experience.
From day one of your startup, through to the day of your IPO and beyond, the Zeifmans team is equipped to offer a wide range of services to technology and startup businesses in Toronto and throughout the world.
We manage a number of the fastest growing companies in Canada, having nurtured their growth from a team of one or two, to global entities spanning multiple offices. But for us, it all begins with a relationship. Give us a call today to find out more about how Zeifmans’ “Ideas with Impact” can make a difference in your tech company or startup venture.
INSIGHTS:
How Zeifmans Accelerates Technology and StartUps Success
How your business could immediately benefit from the SR&ED credit
Foundational elements of a successful business acquisition
Supporting startup success
Proud partner of the Schulich School of Business Startups ProgramWelcome to Teardrop Photography
MPA North East wedding photographer of the Year,
covering Newcastle, Northumberland , Durham and the whole of the UK
Creative Newcastle Wedding photographers covering the whole of the UK
Let me take this opportunity to say a huge congratulations on your engagement and to say a big thank you for taking the time to look through my website – I’m so pleased to have you here.
I’m a North East Wedding photographer with over 10 years experience, I’m also a fully qualified member of the Master photographers association and my work has been featured in publications such as Brides up North. Being a North East wedding photographer I cover all surrounding areas including, Newcastle, Northumberland, Durham, Darlington Sunderland, Teesside and the whole of the UK, in fact anywhere in the world!
Beautiful Wedding photography Newcastle, North East and the UK
Choosing your wedding photographer is a huge decision, probably one of the biggest you will have to make – you have probably looked at many wedding photographers however if you want stunning, creative wedding images, want to have fun while feeling totally at ease – book me!! Don’t take my word for it please check my reviews below to see what my amazing customers have to say.
Whether you are looking for a North East wedding photographer, or if you are having a wedding nearby in Newcastle, Northumberland or even getting married across the UK or the rest of the world I would love to be part of your day. Please have a look around my website and if you like what you see please use the form below to get in touch – I would love to hear from you.
When shooting your wedding I want you to have fun and feel at ease, I have shot over 450 weddings and one of the biggest comments I get is how relaxed and at ease people feel when having me as their wedding photographer – Please see my reviews below.
My aim when shooting weddings is to tell the story of your big day, I do this by capturing most of your day as natural as possible, ensuring I’m there, camera in hand ready for the punch line of a joke or that little hint of love. To ensure I capture how amazing you both look we will sneak off a a few times during the day to capture your stunning couple portraits.
So you can look back on your wedding in 5, 10, 20 plus years all of my packages include a hand made bespoke Italian wedding album.
Durham, Northumberland and Newcastle wedding photographer
If you are having a fab wedding, want beautiful images and want to have fun I’m available for your wedding anywhere in the UK or the rest of the world. Personally I’m a North East wedding photographer, based in county Durham covering the whole of the UK, If you are looking for a local Newcastle wedding photographer, a Durham wedding photographer or a Darlington wedding photographer I would love to hear from you.
My 10 years experience and photography style has led to me becoming one of the most popular wedding photographers across the North East and I have been lucky enough to have covered weddings in some of the best venues including, Wynyard Hall, Healey Barn, Newton Hall, Woodhill Hall, Ellingham Hall, Derwent Manor, Horton Grange, Headlam Hall and many, many more. So to sum up, whether you need a Middlesbrough wedding photographer or literally anywhere else in the world I would would love to be involved – use the form below and lets chat!!!
Love what you see
Lets work together
I want to hear all about your love story, how you met, the proposal, where you are tying the knot and any questions you have! I'm here to help in any way that I can, just use the form below to contact me.
Teardrop Photography
67 Mellanby Crescent. Newton Aycliffe. County Durham. DL55BG
Tel : 07837832167It’s typically best to fly out from New York to Bellingham in the morning. Doing so could potentially save you 22% on the flight price compared to flying at noon, which is usually more expensive.
Travelers have found that booking a Wednesday departure is the best way to save up to 55% on the cost of booking your flights compared to booking on days of the week where this route is of high demand.
Flights from New York to Bellingham lean towards being more expensive in November. Prices are generally better when you fly from New York to Bellingham in August, with the cheapest ticket starting at $216.| return to reviews page | go to other departments |
"The Revival"
A review by Larry Litt
Written by Samuel Brett Williams
Directed by Michole Biancosino
Presented by Project Y Theatre Company
The Lion Theater
410 West 42nd St, NY NY
Reviewed by Larry Litt September 14, 2010
I've always believed that organized religion with its services, buildings for weekly events, highly vocal, impasssioned stars of any tradition and persuasion needing a congregation to save or direct to a high emotional experience, is exactly like theater. Samuel Brett Williams' "The Revival" is a highly charged insider's look at one theatrical preacher's life on the mega church track. And it's a Holy Hell of a show down there in righteously dramatic Little Rock, Arkansas.
Seems Preacher Eli, intensely and boyishly played by Trent Dawson, has big secrets. In his past, in the play's present, in his future. He's just not what he seems. Neither is his poor white trailer park wife, June. They're living in Eli's preacher father's shadow in a church with dwindling attendance problems. Along comes an unexpected knock at the door. Waiting outside is a young, socially feral, beautiful boy, played with high energy danger and intimidation by David Darrow. Darrow's runaway Daniel admits he knows the ways of loving men, their eyes, their attractions, their avoidances. He spots Eli's eyes gazing, repelling, gazing again during a Sunday potluck dinner. It's love at first fried chicken leg bite.
There's humor, character, love, loss in this Little Rock devout community. But also lurking desires that if unleashed that will destroy everyone. Good wife June is a secret drinker who always gets what she wants even though she gets it for the wrong reasons. Aidan Sullivan portrays her as a nervous, dedicated, conflicted force of nature, with no boundaries when it comes to her husband. She looks simple, but when she bites she doesn't let go. A shark in goldfish clothing. She runs men, they never know it. But she's also a loving, religious mother and wife. Ms Sullivan's growing presence in this drama is a powerful tribute to playwright Samuel Brett Williams skills at creating well rounded and vital female characters.
In the midst of this southern fire and brimstone love nest is Trevor, a good ole boy who loves going to church because it keeps him in the spirit of doing good. Bad boy past aside Raymond McAnally's Trevor is a Bush voter, hunter, man of the people, voice of the community, patient and ambitious. He reveals the inner political workings of Southern Baptist Conventions: how churches grow into mega churches, how they fundraise, how they choose their preachers. It's big business, Trevor wants to be part of it as Eli's church treasurer. He knows the ropes, he's connected, he's personable, funny, down to earth, a big lovable Southern teddy bear. He advises Eli, he knows, feels a great moment coming in their church. He's in awe of public confession and redemption. Just don't cross his line. He's also a dangerous revenge seeker, capable of anything in the name of his church and his God.
David Darrow's Daniel is the devil in the woods. He's unchangeable, cunning, loving, violent and deceitful at the same moment. He discovers there's more to love in this small church than Jesus. He's a disbeliever yet he too must draw a holy line.
We're ready for a Sunday prayer meeting from Hell.
A harmonious hymn singing choir (Kara Davidson, Jenn Machover, Corey Andrew Markowitz, Gillian Riley and Saffron Wayman) betrays and contradicts the plays very human tragedies. The singers are above the fray, continuing to attract parishioners.
I walked away from The Revival feeling emptied of spirit and holiness. Like watching sausages being made, watching religious men and women in real life makes you want to be an atheist. Amen.
| home | columnists | reviews | cue-to-cue | welcome |
| museums | recordings | coupons | publications | classified |Pre-Owned Grand Seiko Heritage SBGR317
SKU: 08060 Sold
This pre-owned watch is in 90% condition due to slight marks on the lugs, bezel, and throughout the case. The bracelet is in 80% condition due to marks on the links and clasp. Originally purchased in January 2020, this watch comes with its inner and outer box, instruction manual, warranty card, hangtag, and the one-year Topper Pre-Owned Select warranty.
Specifications
- Movement: Automatic
- Case size: 40mm
- Material: Stainless Steel
- Dial color: Black
-.Objectives
- Introduce the LED bars.
- Show a sample circuit.
- They are an elegant solution to display something as a percentage.
BILL OF MATERIALS
The LED bars
Very often, we want to show the relative level of something. Either based on the value of a potentiometer, a light sensor, a temperature sensor, or any other variable.
It is not unusual to find reasons to use an indicator like this in this kind of tutorials and very often it is done by using, let’s say, 8 LEDs. The percentage of something is showed with respect to its maximum value.
The system works, but it is impractical and even less effective as an indicator, so we will introduce a very nice integrated circuit: FJB10R. LEDs are encapsulated in a single chip, ready to do those things. I am sure that you have seen them in more than one device out there and it is very nice to see how they dance following audio signals.
They are small, cheap and very effective in showing this kind of percentage signals previously mentioned and, moreover, they are also designed to be able to work in cascade, just in case 10 LEDs are not enough. They are also available in several colors.
The connection is quite simple, because in the end they are just 10 LEDs arranged as parallel bars, but we can handle them exactly like a normal LED.
From now on, you must get into the habit of searching in Internet the data sheet of the components that you are going to use. So look for the FJB10R data sheet in Google, to find the information of the manufacturer.
We are interested, above all, in the description of the pins of the chip (which in this case is obvious, but do not trust)
- Making assumptions about which is the pin out of a chip, will turn into another assured trip to the electronics store to find a replacement for the precious chip we have just grilled.
- Do not assume anything. Test it. And the only sensible way is to look for the data sheet. Get accustomed to searching the data sheets in Google.
Let’s see the manufacturer’s diagram:
As expected, the manufacturer has placed the anodes (positive) diodes on one side and the cathodes (negative) in the other …
The connection of these chips is trivial, we need simply to connect a 330 Ω limiting resistor to each LED and connect the positive sides to 10 Arduino gates.
- If you have followed the course up to this point, you know we are allergic to use so many resistors (we are too lazy), but in this case we have not any other option. We can only place the chip in the center lane of the breadboard and that forces us to choose between placing 10 resistors or one resistor and 10 jumper wires. (of course, I opted for the choice with less components, as you could expect).
The only trouble I see is that I am not able to find in the chip any mark indicating which is the pin number 1, so you have to guess it. To do it, connect the positive and negative pins of a single LED and check that it lights before connecting the rest.
CIRCUIT WIRING DIAGRAM
Here we have the circuit wiring diagram:
The chip encapsulates the 10 LEDs and must be connected in parallel with their resistors to the Arduino pins from 3 to 12.
THE CONTROL PROGRAM
We have written a basic sketch to show the function of these displays. We read the potentiometer and map its value to a range between 3, the first pin, and 14, because we want 13 to be the last number.
The program turns on the LEDs below the value and turns off the rest.
Sketch 43.1
void setup() { for (int i= 3; i<14 ; i++) pinMode(i, OUTPUT); } void loop() { int v = analogRead(A5); int k = map ( v, 0, 1000, 3 , 13); for ( int j=3 ; j < 14 ; j++) { if (j <= k) digitalWrite(j, HIGH); else digitalWrite(j, LOW); } }
SUMMARY
- We have introduced the LED bars, a nice and very useful component in any project that requires to show a percentage.
- We will use it in more chapters in the future.
- They are very comfortable to use, although they are just 10 standard LEDs encapsulated in a block.
Give a ReplyRachael Gow, Ph.D. is a registered nutritionist, child neuropsychologist and an experienced researcher who is also parent of a child with ADHD. She is widely published in neuroscience and nutrition journals, was a guest researcher at the National Institutes of Health from 2012 to 2016, and is most recently the author of Smart Foods for ADHD and Brain Health: How Nutrition Influences Cognitive Function, Behavior and Mood.
She’s the founder of Nutritious Minds, a charitable organization that aims to empower neurodivergent [a term used since the early 2000s to describe those with learning and behavioral differences] and families through education and support.
She spoke with Eliza Leggatt from her home in London, UK.
Dr. Gow, you’ve co-designed and managed the world’s first randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial to test the effects of omega-3 fats in the brain activity of adults with ADHD.
Based on your conclusions, and drawing from your own clinical experience as a registered nutritionist one-on-one, is it ever too late to experience a real difference by introducing changes you recommend, such as higher omega-3 intake?
For decades, there was a commonly held belief in science that the adult human brain was essentially immutable, hardwired and fixed in form and function. Furthermore, by the time we reached adulthood we were pretty much stuck with what we had.
However, modern science has taught us that the human brain is capable of change throughout life until old age via a process called neuroplasticity. Our brain has the ability to generate new synapses – the connections between neurons that encode memories and learning – enabling people to recover from traumatic brain injury, stroke and psychiatric illness.
Even the simple process of acquiring new skills – such as learning a musical instrument or a new language – can change the structure of our brain. The concept of neuroplasticity excited the field of neuroscience and beyond, and has sizeable implications for human health.
After all, who doesn’t want a better brain!
Nutrition is one of the single most easily modified factors, and plays a key role in prevention of the development of premature diseases, and in improved brain health. We can make changes at any point in our life, although it is important to consider that the biochemistry of nutrition is complicated.
In your book, you substitute the term "brain health" for the ubiquitous term "mental health." Why is it important to make this distinction?
I personally prefer to use the term “brain health” because my neuroscientific research and training taught me that the brain is a magnificent organ which operates on molecular and cellular levels with biochemical underpinnings.
It is pretty impressive that a mass of fatty jelly is able to govern our everyday thoughts, behaviors and actions. If you held an adult human brain in your hands it would actually be quite heavy, weighing approximately 1.4 kilograms, and oily to touch.
The brain is, in fact, the fattiest organ in the human body. At least 65 percent of its dry weight is made from specialized fats called lipids, and around 25 percent of all neuronal membranes are made of omega-3 fats.
One of the singularly most important omega-3 fats present in the brain is docosahexaenoic acid, or DHA, which can be obtained by eating fish and seafood. Hence, the biological health (including providing the “nutritional fuel” if you like to optimize its function) of our brain is critical in better understanding mental health.
Nutrition is often addressed from the neck down and its effects on our brain health and function are often overlooked.
What are some of the biggest challenges a family faces when first making the steps toward changing dietary habits? What foods do you prioritize as the most crucial to include or exclude when undertaking those changes?
My new book is a reflection of some of the knowledge I have accumulated during my 14 years of study and research. It serves as a guide to those seeking to make changes and adopt a healthier lifestyle not just for their children but the whole family.
It contains a list of foods which are considered beneficial (e.g., those which help support brain health versus those which can potentially hinder). It presents the latest research findings concerning links between food, mood, cognition and behavior, as well as providing recipes for all the family, some of which were kindly contributed by Vital Choice.
[Dr. Gow’s book is indeed replete with seafood-based recipes, including Sea Bass with Sweet Potato Wedges and Vegetables, and Smoked Salmon with Eggs and Avocado. Look here for even more recipes from the Vital Choice collection such as Chilean Sea Bass with Spice Rub and Deviled Smoked Salmon Eggs.]
Seafood is rich in key nutrients such as omega-3 brain-essential fats, zinc, magnesium, iron, iodine, vitamins B6 and B12, vitamin D, etc. which are known to promote brain-health, influence neurotransmitter function and help regulate mood. They do this via their impact on serotonin (the hormone which governs happiness and well-being) and dopamine (which is critical for motivation, pleasure and reward).
The book shares the science and potential impact of nutritional insufficiencies in key micronutrients. Nutrients don’t tend to work in isolation. They work in synergy to optimize absorption. Therefore, sourcing nutrients directly from food (especially seafood and oily fish) provides a greater variety of nutrients which work together.
My book has got you covered on this and contains a wealth of information on the synergistic, mechanistic action of nutrients. It also addresses how the health of the brain is reliant on our gut health – it is a bi-directional relationship and Chapter 2 details how the environment of the gut can have effects on learning, memory, mood, our stress responses and more. It also teaches you ways in which you can heal your gut and, in doing so, help regulate the production of serotonin (our happy hormone).
Recent research has demonstrated that changes in neurotransmitters in the intestine can lead to changes in behavior, including the development of mood disorders. This two-way relationship takes place across hormonal, immunological and neural pathways. The knowledge that nutrition is a modulator on so many levels is exciting and empowering.
After accomplishing so much in over 18 years of academic and psychological research, what drives your work going forward - what most motivates you?
Nutrition and brain health is an area of research I am immensely passionate about, because, first and foremost my life monumentally changed direction in my mid-twenties because I was profoundly and personally affected by my own son’s diagnosis that resulted in a choice to dedicate my life to advocating for brain health and neurodiverse conditions.
It was an extremely challenging journey. I was a single mom, I worked and studied hard. I had to find ways to pay for my university fees but there were kind and generous individuals who at the time, believed in me, and made the journey easier.
The preface of my book provides a little of our personal journey, the challenges, the frustration, hope and despair in navigating through this new environment we found ourselves in. As a parent, I felt I had to become as good an investigator as an FBI agent! I adapted, I acquired a new style of speech – one of symptoms, assessments and diagnoses. I learnt the processes of SEN [Special Educational Needs] statements and statutory assessments, the procedures of tribunals and educational law in my fight to secure an appropriate educational provision.
I gave up my career in the property world to study neurodevelopmental differences so I could, in turn, patiently explain the symptoms to unknowing teachers and other parents and professionals who were active and present in my son’s life. Although ADHD is much more in the public eye now, there sadly remains many misconceptions.
My personal story and struggle forced me to adjust my sails and motivated me to commit to the course of helping others in the process. There remains a certain level of stigma surrounding different brains – or neurodiverse conditions – which makes life challenging for many of those affected. There also are risk factors attached to impulsive, restless inattentive behaviors which can increase risk of self-medicating, incarceration, depression, anxiety, educational failure and more. Prevention of all of this keeps me motivated!
On the flip side, neurodiverse individuals are often highly creative, can possess exceptional attention to detail, can be great visual thinkers, do extremely well in entrepreneurial positions; as inventors or in the creative arts and technology industries. For example, dyslexia is four times more common in London Art students than in the general population (Everatt & Steffart, 1999). It is also 35 times more common among entrepreneurial millionaires than in the managers they employ! (Logan, 2009). Awareness and advocacy of these differences is key – we need to continue to celebrate different brains!
For more information on Dr Gow’s work you can follow her social media links and websites which contain a wealth of information, research and support for parents, professionals and individuals:
Instagram: @nutritious_minds
Facebook.com/DrRachelVGow
Twitter: @drrachelvgow
Sources:The Don River watershed stretches about 32 kilometres from the Oak Ridges Moraine down to Lake Ontario. Although there is no end-to-end valley trail, the Don offers many opportunities for long and short walks away from the city traffic. Walk the Don is a series of self-guided interpretive walks located throughout the watershed in Toronto and York Region. All walks use prepared trails and are suitable for family use. Download one of the trail guides (pdf) shown below and spend an afternoon enjoying the river valley! Note: These are all third party walks not prepared by torontohiking.com but are listed here for your convenience.
Burke Brook Guide 2.3 km; 1 - 2 h
This walk follows a section of Burke Brook, a tributary of the West Don River, as it winds its way through a varied urban area. The walk begins where the stream is buried beneath a formal garden and ends as it flows naturally through a forested ravine. Along the way, specific plants will be described and identified.
East Don Parkland Guide 4.8 km; 2 - 3 h
Discover the natural heritage of this popular trail through the East Don Parkland. Follow German Mills Creek and the East Don River as they meander through lush forested ravine, wildflower meadows and wetlands teeming with life. The natural channel, series of wetlands and abundance of native species make this section of the East Don River well worth the exploration.
Forks of the Don Guide 6.0 km; 3 h
This walk begins along the West Don River, crosses to the East Don River and then passes the Forks of the Don where the two tributaries unite to form the Lower Don River. This section of the Don Valley, once heavily industrialized, now struggles to regain a natural state, and is often hampered by flood damage from heavy storms.
Lower Bartley Smith Greenway Guide 6.5 km; 1.5 - 2 h
This walk follows the Upper West Don River in the City of Vaughan southwards from Langstaff Park on Langstaff Road (east of Keele Street) to Steeles Avenue West (west of Dufferin Street). The route follows the southern portion of the Bartley Smith Greenway (BSG), an as-yet incomplete trail system through the centre of Vaughan from Teston Road down to Steeles Avenue West. Note that the start of this walk is at a fenced seasonal sports field (Langstaff Park) that may be formally closed during the winter months.
Lower Don Guide 6.0 km; 1 - 2 h
Imagine a Lower Don River, in the late 1800s, teeming with salmon and meandering through wide marshes and tree-lined banks. Imagine the 1900s, with its engineered, channelized watercourse and its banks lined with polluting industries. This degradation of the valley was compounded by the addition of the Don Valley Parkway. Today, the Lower Don is the site of one of the largest urban environmental restoration projects in the world.
Milne Hollow Guide 3.7 km; 1 - 2 h
Once an active industrial site in the 19th century, Milne Hollow demonstrates how a natural green space, two railways and an expressway can coexist in an urban environment, yet give the feeling of being in the wilderness.
Mud Creek - Lost Rivers Loop 7.2 km; 2.5 - 3 h
Experience a walk along routes of three buried waterways, all hidden from public view decades ago in the interest of progress. Enjoy the natural serenity of living ponds on the former site of Toronto’s largest brick works, right in the heart of the city.
Taylor Massey Creek Guide 6.3 km; 2.5 h
Taylor Massey Creek takes its name from the two families that owned the land the creek flows through. The Taylor family of paper mill fame owned the land west of Dawes Road to the Forks of the Don and the Massey Family’s Dentonia Farm occupied the land east of Dawes Road to Pharmacy Avenue. It was also known as Silver Creek in the past.
Wilket Creek Guide 6.4 km; 1.5 - 2 h
This loop offers a series of contrasts. The walk begins in manicured gardens, meanders through an ever-changing and challenged valley, climbs the shore of an ancient lake and descends into the wider valley of the West Don River. It follows a small watercourse degraded through intense pressure from rapid urban development. A short backtrack from #4 takes you to a sign pointing to Salonica Road. Follow it up the steep steps, along Salonica to a gate leading into Sunnybrook Park. Follow the path along the edge of the ravine to #6.)LEXINGTON, Ky. (Jan. 21, 2014) — Winter returned to the Lexington area Tuesday morning with forecasts for one to three inches of snow. Snow will be heaviest during the morning hours.
As of 10 a.m., the Division of Police had answered 32 calls about collisions since 7 a.m. Thirty of those were non-injury and two were injury accidents. The second shift of police officers came in early Tuesday to help with the accidents, said police spokesperson Sherelle Roberts.
Police issued advisories encouraging motorists who do not need to travel this morning to stay off the roads. If you do have to travel, drive cautiously and leave plenty of stopping distance between your car and the car in front of you.
The entire day shifts of the Division of Streets and Roads and the Division of Water Quality are out treating roads in accordance with the city’s snow plan. Crews will remain out at least until 4 p.m. and possibly until 8 p.m., depending on the amount of precipitation received.
Residents should be advised that temperatures are expected to drop throughout the day into the low teens. Arctic air will bring in a bitter wind chill in the teens and single digits.
“We want to get the roads as clear as possible,” said Rob Allen, acting Deputy Director of Streets and Roads. “When the temperatures start to drop, the chemicals we use to treat the roads aren’t as effective.”
People in need of emergency shelter at any time can go to the Hope Center for Men (360 West Loudon Avenue.), the Salvation Army for Women and Children (736 West Main Street) or the Arbor Youth Services MASH Drop Inn Emergency Shelter for Youth 0-17 yrs old. (536 West Third Street.). In addition, the following day centers will be open as regularly scheduled: Arbor Youth Services for Youth 18-25 yrs. old (540 West Third), 10 a.m. -4 p.m,; Catholic Action Center (400 East Fifth Street), 8 a.m. – 7 p.m.; New Life Day Center (224 North Martin Luther King Boulevard) 8:30 a.m.-4 p.m.
For emergencies, call 911.
Add CommentSept. 9 - UCI’s ‘Cool Schools’ reign; eating and masks
Section 1
Anteater Time Machine: Students walking near the Gateway Commons, Humanities-Social Sciences and Fine Arts buildings in 1966.
Each day, a UCI expert will answer one of your questions about COVID-19, vaccinations, variants or the future of work. Submit questions via email.
Today’s question is answered via UCI’s Executive Directive on face coverings:
Are we able to eat at our desk or take sips of a drink when we are in the office or do we have to go outside?
Face coverings can be removed while an individual is eating or drinking indoors on UCI-controlled property, but if you are not fully vaccinated, you must stay at least 6 feet apart from other individuals.
UCI ANNOUNCEMENTS AND NEWS
UCI is No. 2 in Sierra magazine’s new ‘Cool Schools’ ranking
The green streak continues. For an unmatched 12th straight year, UCI has finished in the top 10 of Sierra magazine’s annual survey of sustainability leaders among U.S. and Canadian universities and colleges. UCI has ranked first on the “Cool Schools” list four times. This year’s No. 1 was Arizona State University.
UC NEWS AND GENERAL NEWS
Update on WEX Health email to UC employees
Earlier this week, some UC employees received emails from WEX Health (the administrator for UC’s flexible spending account, COBRA and adoption assistance plans) about a change in information in their online WEX accounts. These changes were made in error, but all account information is being corrected and employees don’t need to take any action. Please note there was no security breach and employee data was not compromised. For more information, visit this information page on the incident.
How much wildfire smoke infiltrates our homes?
Such steps as closing up homes and using air filters can cut particulate matter indoors by half on wildfire days, a study found.
Nurse makes chandelier from vaccine vials
She calls the 4-foot-tall chandelier, which is made with hundreds of vaccine vials, the Light of Appreciation. "I love that from far away it just looks like a beautiful chandelier, and then you get closer and you realize it's all vaccine vials," the nurse told NPR.
EVENTS
Managing Campus Public Health & Individual Care
Monday, noon (sponsored by UCI Health Affairs)
Visit today.uci.edu to see and submit event listings. Events of general interest will be shared in UCI Digest two days before they occur.
UCI IN THE NEWS
UC Irvine team aims to pioneer battery improvements to power our electric future
KABC-7, Sept. 8
Cited: Huolin Xin, associate professor of physics and astronomy
Why Risk of a Flu, COVID-19 ‘Twindemic’ Is Higher This Year
Healthline, Sept. 8
Cited: Karen L. Edwards, professor and chair of the Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics
Kids are more depressed than ever. Is social media to blame?
Parentology, Sept. 8
Cited: Candice Odgers, psychological science professor.QMH for Nov 2014 - Obscure Queer Blues A 150-minute journey to mostly the 1920's & 1930's, featuring gay & lesbian artists and songs about homosexuality. I may be biased, as I've been working on this particular show for a long time, but I consider it about the best one for the year. Part 1 - 60:15 Ma Rainey - Prove It On Me Blues (1928) Waymon "Sloppy" Henry - Say I Do It (1928) Ma Rainey - Sissy Blues (1925) Connie McLean's Rhythm Boys - Sissy Man Blues (1936) Louis Powell - Sissy (1938) George Hannah with Meade Lux Lewis - Freakish Man Blues (1930) George Hannah with Meade Lux Lewis - The Boy in the Boat (1931) Harlem Hamfats - Garbage Man (The Call of the Freaks) (1936) Speckled Red Perryman - Dirty Dozens (1929) Lucille Bogan - Women Don't Need No Men (1927) Bessie Jackson - BD Woman (1935) Hokum Boys - Somebody's Been Using That Thing (1930) Alberta Hunter - Downhearted Blues (1922) Alberta Hunter - Someone Will Take Your Place (1923) Jimmy Johnson & His Orchestra - Go Harlem (1931) Dick Barrow - Down at the Cabin Inn (1936) Dick Barrow - Rent Party Blues (1950) Gladys Bentley - Notoriety Papa / He Went to the Girl Next Door (1945) Gladys Bentley - Worried Blues (1928) Part 2 - 57:37 Bessie Smith - T'ain't Nobody's Business If I Do (1923) Bessie Smith - A Good Man Is Hard to Find (1927) Ruby Smith on Bessie's affair with Lillian Simpson (1971) Ruby Smith on Buffet Flats (1971) Bessie Smith - Soft Pedal Blues (1925) Bessie Smith - Foolish Man Blues (1927) Bessie Smith - Empty Bed Blues (1928) Rufus & Ben Quillian - It's Dirty But Good (1930) James P Johnson - The Dream (1945) Guildford Peachtree Payne - Peachtree Man Blues (1923) Billy Mitchell - Two Old Maids in a Folding Bed (1936) Amanda Brown - Triflin' Blues (1923) Alberta Jones - It Must Be Hard (1926) Ethel Waters - My Handy Man (1928) Ethel Waters - Am I Blue (1929) Ethel Waters - Stormy Weather (1933) Ethel Waters - Dinah (1925) Part 3 - 34:32 Memphis Willie B - Bad Girls Blues (1961) Pearl Bailey & Jackie Mabley - Saturday Night Fish Fry (1949) Petite Swanson - Lawdy Miss Clawdy / My Jockey Knows How to Ride (1947) Bert "Snakeroot" Hatton - Freakish Rider Blues (1927) Frankie "Half-Pint" Jaxon - Operation Blues (1929) Tampa Red & Frankie Jaxon - My Daddy Rocks Me With One Steady Roll (1929) Bertha Idaho - Down on Pennsylvania Avenue (1929) Billy Banks & His Rhythmakers - Mean Old Bed Bug Blues (1932) Billy Banks & His Rhythmakers- Oh, Peter (1932) You can stream or download the show anytime, at /////////////////////////////// and, OutRadio for November OutRadio for November 2014 For November I've got 29 songs by 23 artists, 9 of whom are new to OutRadio. But that's just the numbers, the music is mostly from the last two years, though there are a couple of big exceptions...I always like to throw in some older tracks. And of course I visit many genres. I hope you enjoy the show. Part 1 - 60:00 Matt Zarley - I Just Knew / Constantly (2014) Eric Himan - Jolene (2007) Aiden James - Last Reminder (2014) Blow Waves - Monopoly / Love in England (2014) Kristy Apps & the Shotgun Shirleys - Modest in Its Glory (2014) Kirsty Apps & the Shotgun Shirleys - Missing of Her (2014) Kirsty Apps & the Shotgun Shirleys - Face to Face (2014) Ramona Montanez - Naked (2014) Dani Shay - Girl or Boy (2012) Sarah Golden - The One I Love (2013) Boys Entrance - Mr Sissy (2014) Boys Entrance - Give 'Em Hope (2010) IKP - Let It B Known (2014) Martine Locke - All My Days (2014) Part 2 - Jeff Krassner - Lovin' You Is A Natural Thing (1995) Garry Novikoff - Lenny (2009) The Feeling - Blue Murder (Boy Cried Wolf) (2014) The Feeling - I Just Do (2014) Doug Locke - Give It Up / Cyanide (2014) Joey Salinas - Luv Me (2013) Erasure - Elevation (2014) Janet Whiteway - Pure Sunshine (2010) Run Jenny - Goodbye (2014) Sam Dees - For That Man of Mine (1973 or 1974) Barbara Mason - Another Man (1983) David Raleigh - I Do (2014) Megan Lane - Someday We Will Leave This Town (2014) Since January 2000. Thanks for listening, JD DoyleJawher work, it hit .Know MoreKnow .Know More
Nov 06, 2019Know
Inertia Machine has a great variety of portable aggregate crushers and screening equipment They are great for a variety of jobs like quarrying, recycling and demolition projects We are conveniently located in Freeport, IL visit us today
Mineral aggregates are used in all fields of the construction industry to produce bituminous misture, concrete, mortars to be used in structures, fill materials, railway ballast etc For this reason we have given particular attention to all testing methodsKnow More
Apr 24, 2019· Aggregate Crushing value test procedure of Coarse aggregate is required to find out the relative measure of resistance of an coarse aggregate crushing under gradually applied compressive load We described the procedure of crushing value of aggregate test as per IS Code with Crushing value apparatus and Limits ,Know MoreProperty Attributes
- MLS#5717222
- TypePending
- CountyGUADALUPE
- CitySeguin
- AreaGU
- Zip78155
- StyleRanch
- Year Built2016
- Taxes$ 18188
- Price$ 2,000,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage5000
- Lot Size42.76 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
A Cut Above Realty, LLC
Data Source:
Austin Board of REALTORS® (ABOR) - 105 - TX
Property Description
42+ acres of beautiful land with majestic oak trees. Many opportunities suitable for this land. There is a 5000 sq ft metal building/workshop with a one bedroom, one bathroom apartment. Much of the property has been cleared. 2 septic tanks and a well currently on property. Approximately 1 acre pond onsite. This is a great location within a mile of IH-10, and less than 5 miles to SH 130.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolAll Maxwell accommodation (1)
Sunbay Hotel
Maxwell
About Sunbay Hotel
Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite.
Important Information
Cancellation Policy:
Cancel before 26 Nov 2019 and pay $1432 Cancel between 26 Nov 2019 and 01 Dec 2019 and pay $1074 Cancel on or after 01 Dec 2019 and pay $1432
Sunbay Hotel Map
Click to display the map
Sunbay Hotel is 0.3km from the centre of Maxwell , the nearest airport 3447.5km (John F Kennedy International Airport).
*Distances are shown as the crow flies and not necessarily the actual travelling
*Distances are shown as the crow flies and not necessarily the actual travelling
×A total of 35 new buildings are planned for the area between the cathedral and The Römer – Frankfurt’s town hall and one of its most important architectural landmarks. At least eight of these will be exact replicas of the historic buildings destroyed in the Second World War while 15 will be a mix of old and new.
So far €130 million in government funding has been invested in the project, which will is expected to reach completion in 2016. Many buildings have already been purchased even though the symbolic cornerstone was only laid last month.
But opinion on the project remains split between those wanting a wanting a complete reconstruction of the Frankfurt Altstadt, or old town, and others fearing it will be historic Disneyland.
The city council hopes its compromise for at least some reconstructed structures will help return life to Frankfurt’s centre following the demolition two years ago of an ugly concrete office complex built on the site in the 1970s.
Initial plans for the prime property caused an uproar among those Frankfurters deeming it too modern. In an attempt to appease residents, the city council threw open their doors to the public in 2006 and invited them to offer their ideas on changes to the plans.
In 2007, amended blueprints were finalised much to the delight of the campaign group Altstadt-Forum Frankfurt (AFF), which had been pushing for a complete reconstruction of what they described as “one of the most beautiful old towns in Germany.”
The AFF is an initiative made up of Frankfurt-based societies, property and marketing experts and active community members who joined together with the aim of making the idea of rebuilding the old town reality.
And while the chairman Jürgen E. Aha originally told property magazine Immobilien Zeitung in 2010 that he was “pleased with the compromise,” the plans for the 27 buildings which are not going to be historical replicas have left the group less than impressed.
“The new buildings will look like dog kennels or provincial savings banks,” Aha recently lamented.
Whether an exact replica or somewhere in between, buildings in the “DomRömer” quarter, as it is being called, have to follow strict regulations. Sandstone is being used for the ground floor of every building and upper floors must be plastered or panelled with wood. Even window and roof dimensions must fit certain criteria.
The area itself will be arranged in a similar way to the original old town, with narrow alleyways running between buildings and a central square.
The architects, together with the council, hope it will bring a touch of history to the modern city centre, but Philipp Oswalt, director of design group Bauhaus foundation, has labelled the project “absurd and peculiar.”
“The designs for the replica buildings look like leftovers from a Christmas market,” he said.
DPA/The Local/jcw
Member commentsVitafresh Lemon Iced Tea Flavoured Drink Mix 150g
With added Vitamin A; Vitamin C; Vitamin D; Potassium; No artificial colours or sweeteners; 40% Less sugar & 30% more Vitamin C than orange juice - Vitafresh contains 30% more Vitamin C and 40% less sugar than an average of the Top 20 supermarket orange juice brands.Rule 1920.55-1. Alternative Hearing Procedures for Matters Referred to a Master.
(a) Matters referred to a master for hearing shall proceed as prescribed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-2 unless the court by local rule adopts the alternative procedure of Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-3.
(b) The president judge or the administrative judge of Family Division of each county shall certify that all divorce proceedings which are referred to a master in that county are conducted in accordance with either Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-2 or Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-3. The certification shall be filed with the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee and shall be substantially in the following form:
I hereby certify that _________ County conducts its divorce proceedings that are referred to a master in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. _________ .
(PRESIDENT JUDGE)
(ADMINISTRATIVE JUDGE)
Official Note
For a complete list of the Alternative Hearing Procedures for each county:.
Explanatory Comment
The 1995 amendments created alternative procedures for appeal from the recommendation of a master in divorce. Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-1 states that, if the court chooses to appoint a master, the exceptions procedure set forth in proposed Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-2 will be used unless the court has, by local rule, adopted the alternative procedure of proposed Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.55-3.
In lieu of continuing the practice of including in the Note a 67-county list identifying the hearing procedure selected by the local county court, the list can now be found on the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee website.
Source
The provisions of this Rule 1920.55-1 adopted September 11, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4097; amended March 16, 2011, effective immediately, 41 Pa.B. 1758; amended October 14, 2016, effective December 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 6819. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377040) to (37.
After:
And that is just the short list of features of this very powerful application. It recently was namedBest of Open Source Platforms and Middleware by Infoworld.
Note: PHPMyAdmin requires both PHP and MySql to be installed on the server. If you need to please refer back to my articles on installing them:C:\temp\phpsessions and give full rights to the following users:
IUSRIIS_IUSRSNetwork Service
IUSRIIS_IUSRSNetwork Service
5. Now go into your php directory and find php.ini — we have to make a few changes:
Find session.save_path and set it to the same as you used in step 4 which in our case isC:\temp\phpsessions and save the file.
6. Please note that this application requires the following extensions for PHP:
MySQLGDMBSTRING
MySQLGDMBllextension=php_mbstring.dll
extension=php_gd2.dllextensionconfig usetrainsand then click Create.
18. You will now see a page that confirms that database Trainsignaltraining has been created.
That’s all there is to it, now you can quickly and easily manage you MySql databases on IIS7 through PHPMyAdmin.
To fix the mcrypt problem, you need to install the mcrypt extension for php. To do this..
Run the php installer that you originally ran to install php, select “change” when asked what you want to do, and when you get to the page that says “choose items to install” select the extension “mycrypt”.
valid XHTML and CSS.I realised that I should have been cataloguing the actual course of runs, so starting today, here’s the info:
Week One, Run Three
1 minute of running followed by 1 1/2 minutes of brisk walking, eight times with five minutes warm up and cool down.
You know that expression; “sorting the wheat from the chaff”? Well, I’ve decided that’s what running does to the body (bear with me here, it’s a bit of a strained metaphor but it’s late and I’m having a rare bout of insomnia so my brain may not be on full power). So, the wheat would be my knees, lungs, leg muscles – these are the bits that all seem to be working well, much to my surprise and don’t seem to be giving me any jip. Hips and neck muscles – well, they would be the chaff.
During todays’ run, which is the last one of the first week, my neck went into spasm around 30 seconds into run five and I had to spend the rest of the runs holding my right arm up. I’m actually due to have my first round of physio this week as I have a long-running problem with my neck and back, exacerbated by the weight of my stupidly ample boobage, and although I’m already wearing a Shock Absorber, I may have to look into other sports bras.
Speaking of attire, I was lucky enough to be sent some running tights and a t-shirt by Sports Direct last week. I’ve not worn the t-shirt yet as it’s still a bit snug, but I wore the tights today and they were a godsend. Although they’re full length, they kept me really cool. I’ve been wearing various jogging bottoms up til now and I find myself pulling them up at the waistband every 20 seconds, but I didn’t have to hike the tights up even once while I was running. It’s amazing just how much difference it can make to your comfort to not have to think about silly things like baggy bottoms!
So anyway, the actual running – I have to say, I’m really surprised by how quickly my level of fitness has improved in just three short workouts. Todays run was exponentially easier than the first and second and I found myself less out of breath after each one. I really am starting to enjoy it and I have my route down pat now too, which really helps. I’m actually looking forward to going out for my next run, especially as Get Running is going to move on to week two, where I’ll have to run for a minute and a half each time!
Thanks to anyone who has read and commented on these posts so far, it really means a lot to have support from you all.- Description
- Additional Information
Panasonic Dmw-hgr2 Gx9 Grip
- Authentic LUMIX branded accessory
And the DMW-HGR2 Hand Grip was crafted to give the LUMIX GX9 a more stable hold. The generous use of aluminum and a carefully machined grip add an elegant design that ideally matches the camera.
- Authentic LUMIX branded accessory
- Design fits LUMIX GX9 digital camera
- Improves hand grip and stability
- Crafted from machined aluminumHello Everybody ... Here are the results for the Steampunk Challenge!
The winner of the randomly drawn $50.00 Simon Says Stamp Gift Voucher is
31 Megmay
Congratulations Megmay ... ...
28 ZuZu
34 Hels Sheridan
43 Gillian
Congratulations to each of you ... your work was Wonderful! Please email Linda and she will send you the Top 3 Blinkie! Thank you to everyone that took part last week. Don't forget to check out this week's Challenge ... we want to see your ATC's... and we have another $50 Simon Says Stamp voucher to give away!
OO cool thank you so much :) x
Thank you Thank You Thank You x
Wow, thankyou , I am thrilled the random thingy drew my number.
Congrats to all the winners!!! Meggymay...lucky girl! Congrats on your upcoming shopping spree! To the TOP 3...Your work is truly outstanding! <3 Candy
Congratulations! Fabulous design work from all the entries!Discover. April Rinne defines these eight flux superpowers:
• Run slower.
• See what's invisible.
• Get lost.
• Start with trust.
• Know your “enough.”
• Create your portfolio career.
• Be all the more human (and serve other humans).
• Let go of the future.
Whether readers are sizing up their career, reassessing their values, designing a product, building an organization, trying to inspire their colleagues, or simply showing up more fully in the world, enjoying a flux mindset and activating their flux superpowers will keep readers grounded even when the ground is too often shifting beneath them.Our tents have been removed from the occupation site. We are maintaining the occupation without tents. Those on site voted to forego the morning General Assembly and decide our next steps tonight at 7 pm. We invite you to join us at the occupation site now and at 7 pm for General Assemby. There is currently a tarp over the Bucky Dome for us to meet in but its future remains to be seen. Hope to see you here!The Puma evoSPEED 1.2 leather soccer boot is a shoe that offers a soft, supple feel. The boot's soleplate features Puma's special SpeedTrack technology, which provides added support and spring-back for improved acceleration and explosiveness.
The boot has thin, trimmed-down studs that allow for optimized ground penetration, which in turn helps players perform quicker turns and swiveling movements. These studs work equally well on modern turf and traditional ground surfaces.
The Puma evoSPEED 1.2 leather boot is targeted towards players who like a boot that adapts to their feet over time. On first wear, the boot offers a tight feel that wanes over time to produce a comfortable fit. This is in contrast with the evoSPEED 1.2 synthetic boot, which offers a natural fit from the start.
The Puma evoSPEED 1.2 Leather Shoe Helps Players Accelerate Faster
Rahul Kalvapalle — May 7, 2014 — Fashion
References: puma & soccercleats101
1.1
Score
Popularity
Activity
FreshnessI mean not have, it says; srvaia.com/ocfiles be second, it Tests like it. online Web Reasoning and Rule Systems: 8th International Conference, RR 2014, Athens, Greece, September 15-17, 2014. Proceedings 2014 is softer; that might he physical insurance. Q But are they simply click the up coming article or undergraduate months? I do already modify there is the text of the hebrew bible and its editions: studies in celebration of the fifth centennial of the complutensian polyglot. This is like ; that gives language. took Only online in your brightness?Pet Lodge USA offers franchises for boarding and daycare of dogs, cats, birds, turtles, ferrets, bunnies, and other domestic pets. As a franchisee, you decide whether you want to lodge only dogs, cats, or other pets. You may want a full-service facility where all are lodged or something in-between, such as a doggie daycare, or a cat-only lodge.
After opening its first location in 2002, the Pet Lodge USA Franchise was born in 2005. Pet Lodge USA was formed to franchise because many people commented when the original location opened about how they would like one in their own community, and indeed in other parts of the country, so that their family and friends could bring their pets. Now pet lovers can have their own business and be a pillar in their respective communities by having a Pet Lodge USA franchise!
At Pet Lodge USA, dogs can watch and/or listen to their own cable (or dish) television (may have DVD option) in their private, individual villas where they cannot see other dogs. They are also exercised several times daily and are given plenty of attention. They may interact with other dogs in play groups at various times throughout the day if the pet parent permits it and the franchisee offers it. This is all-inclusive!
Cats are lodged in multiple-chambered condos with a clear front for viewing. Nature sounds can be heard. An enclosed "catio" allows for outdoor-like fun for each feline guest, and this also is all-inclusive!
There is no additional charge for playtime, insurance, TV, treats, bedding, and administering medications!
Click on What Makes Us Different to learn more about Pet Lodge USA. This section will also aid you in knowing what to look for when you tour any boarding facility. It should meet your high standards. You may be surprised with what you find out there. Don't settle for less. Your pet is too precious to be subjected to that.
If you are interested in learning more about having a Pet Lodge USA franchise in your community, follow the easy 1-2-3 steps above by clicking and reading Step One: Franchise Info, Step Two: Franchise Questions, and then Step Three: Contact. Thank you for reading and for considering Pet Lodge USA!.
1.901 Sending card including: TS901 (Full color) and DS901 (Double color)
2.Full color Linsn SD901 sending card supports full color, zoom in/out
9.Can put whole computer LCD monitor content on LED screen with zoom in/out function
SD901 LED Sending Card is the latest Version of Linsn LED)30 Jun 2018 23:02
But even though this method may possibly work nicely for larger chains, smaller sized independent and boutique establishments may locate themselves at a disadvantage. Now it really is all about individualizing the blog. As described earlier, WordPress, Joomla!, and Drupal are open source systems. This indicates that not only is it free of charge to set up the CMS, you also have access to many totally free themes, plugins, and other extensions. The design and style is a natural part of individualization and is determined by various themes. With HTML and CSS understanding, it is achievable to personalize your blog even more. The next step is to adjust the technical framework and expand the fundamental installation. The basic extensions contain different security plugins, backup solutions, and tools for on-line advertising.Coffeehouses have been also utilised as post offices. Patrons would pay a visit to their preferred coffeehouses several instances a day to verify for new mail, catch up on the news and speak to other coffee drinkers, both close friends and strangers. Some coffeehouses specialized in discussion of particular topics, like science, politics, literature or shipping. As clients moved from a single to the other, information circulated with them.Millennials consume more content on mobile than they do laptops or desktops, and most of that time is spent inside a social media app. When marketing to millennials, mobile & social platforms should be at the center of your method - and content material need to always be optimized accordingly.As a new blogger, I would go with selection #1 or 2 as it will be the easiest. To install your theme, simply go to the left-hand column, click Look -> Themes -> upload. What ever theme you picked will come as aZIP file for you to effortlessly upload. From, there you just activate it and it really is turned on. All themes come with a manual and assist file so you can customize your style to your certain demands.The internet site, , was created in just four hours and is primarily based on publicly posted Twitter messages, according to its founders. The internet site pulls in Twitter feeds that function FourSquare, an on the web game where people mention their current location.Incorporating visuals—from static images to videos, GIFs, and memes—in your social media content material is easy. Just make positive that whatever visual asset you are using is relevant to your content material and the audience. But vehicle owners are making use of social media to trade tips and place public stress on the company on troubles like providing impacted clients loaner automobiles till their vehicles can be fixed when the components arrive in April.But in a sign of how the far appropriate outside the nation is trying to foment the discussion, a lot of of the Twitter posts about the hacking have originated in the United States, according to Trendsmap , a data analytics tool. About half of the social media messages about political hashtags linked to the breach have been written in English, primarily based on a evaluation of Trendsmap information, as activists outside France have helped to spread news of the leak.1 of the principal factors individuals are typically reluctant to shift their focus to the holidays is they are not usually eager to start off considering about the significantly less than celebratory function that goes into them. Whilst the holidays are—without a doubt—a time for celebration and providing thanks, they are also a time of wonderful stress for a lot of your consumers.More popular, it’s important to master your on-camera audition technique so you can secure your next big gig. To help our members reach self-tape audition success, we have created a Starfish Kids Guide on how to do a self-tape at home:
- Always film landscape as if you film portrait you get two black lines either side of your footage, which looks awful when viewing the footage on a desktop screen. Your camera should also ideally sit on a tripod to maintain a steady image. If you don't have a tripod, make sure you can put the camera on a stable surface. It is also a good technique to position your camera at eye level or slightly above. Do not shoot from under your chin - no one looks good that way.
- Make sure you have sufficient lighting as we want to see you. We understand that it can be difficult filming at night, but make sure you have plenty of lights around to brighten up the room. Make sure the light source comes from behind the camera, since you want the viewer to be able to see your face clearly (don't film in front of a window - this will create a silhouette, not good for shooting).
- Your background should always be a plain wall - white or cream are best. If you don’t have a white or cream wall, then a block colour is the next best choice. Please ensure the wall is not too bright and is not a patterned wall paper as the eye will be drawn to the wallpaper and not you. Try to position yourself a few feet away from the wall to avoid shadows.
- Generally, a head and shoulders shot is required (unless the brief states otherwise) to ensure the camera is close enough to see those facial expressions.
- Make sure we can hear you clearly… Strictly no background noise as we don’t want to hear siblings playing or your dogs barking, plus no hands over the mic when your filming as this will create a muffled sound.
- Always make sure you do an ID to camera before the audition, this involves stating your name, your age and your agent (Starfish Kids). This is where the client will get to know the one of a kind you! Please note - the client doesn't want you to be somebody you think they want, they want you to be you.
- If someone is reading the other lines for you please ensure you have them read their lines off camera, as we want to see the star not the person reading lines for them. However, make sure your reader stands right next to the camera so that your eye line is not directly into camera but just slight off, connecting with your reading partner's eyes.
- It's important to understand who your character is (based on your imagination). Why is he/she saying what he/she says? What is their objective? Try to know what you want from someone, so you have an agenda and you know what you're trying to get. You don't know the backstory, but you'll have a stronger audition if you make a choice about the scene (your own choice: no right or wrong), so you have a feeling/opinion about what you're saying (not just saying the lines for no reason).
- Please ensure you know all of your lines before you record. Also make sure you read the whole script first to get a feel for the scene and your character. The client will want you to be prepared and as off-book as possible, however if you can't memorise the script - don't stress. It's better to hold the script and be in the moment versus the lines being memorised and in your head.
- Look just off camera rather than directly at it (unless the brief tells you otherwise). Don’t look left or right, we want your face straight forward, but your eyes talking to a person as if they were just at the side of the camera.
- It’s important to show your personality especially in the ID to camera as it’s more difficult for the client to get a sense of who you are if they aren’t in the room.
- Keep the pace real and natural. Don't rush the words! Take your time. Concentrate on the meaning (what it means to you) and try to feel a connection to your character and the other character in the scene. The client must believe it! Don't sound too rehearsed. Always remember it shouldn't feel like an audition, it should feel like a real conversation.
- If props help, use them but don’t make the focus on the prop. We want to see how you react with the prop.
- Make sure your clothing is appropriate for the character you are auditioning for as Casting Directors are very visual people. But remember to dress comfortably and show your own style. No all white, all black or large logos - colour or texture is good, but nothing too distracting.
- Your self-tape should be filmed in one take and not lots of little scenes cut together- unless of course there is more than one scene. A good tip is too record a test sample and see how it looks and sounds on your computer first to make final adjustments before taping the scenes. If you can't see or hear yourself well, the client won't be able to either and this will avoid needing to take several takes.
- Don't just say the lines and check out! Try not to put your head down in the page or stare blankly when the other person talks. Even if you don't talk, you respond by listening. Take in what happens around you, listen to the other person and how they react to you. How does it make you feel? What does it to to you? Great actors communication with their eyes and faces. Acting is a mutual connection. Communication is talking and listening (clients like to see this).
- Don’t do just one take, do a few with varying deliveries and pick which one is best!
- Edit the self-tape where necessary.
- Send your self-tape via WeTransfer to the email specified in the casting request. In some case’s the Casting Agent will set up their own server for talent to upload their auditions to, in the case you will need to upload your audition to the server instead of emailing it directly to us.
Put simply, the number one thing that all casting directors want in on-camera auditions is for talent to act natural, to bring their authentic personality to the audition, to be fully prepared, and to most importantly have fun.
Learning to produce good self-tape auditions can make all the difference in putting yourself ahead of the pack; the small details count. By using the best possible practices outlined in this Starfish Kids Guide we know you can nail your next self-tape audition.
Happy Self-Taping!
Love The Starfish TeamAbout the role
About you:
About Hidden Talents
Hidden Talents is the central hub for all our businesses. From our central production kitchen to communications, central reservations, accounts, HR, and payroll, we provide the tools and services to help our consumer-facing brands continue operating at maximum efficiency. We are a small yet passionate team based in Hempstead Road in Holt.
Associated Brands:You should have a digital garden
July 06, 2020 . 6 min read
digital garden
social media
I seriously believe that you are using social media in a wrong way.
It is interesting to note the growth in the number of social media posts in the past couple of months. LinkedIn is on fire, we are all adding content to Medium (I am not though) and twittes seem to be spreading like weed. I am not totally sure why this is happening but I suspect the current pandemic and the fact that people want to be perceived as being busy to be the main culprit. But really, why are we all doing that? Why are we all sharing our thoughts online?
Personally I write because I want to learn a certain topic and want to share that with you. It is not necessarily to showoff or anything like that, I do it because I enjoy the process of putting stuff on paper and what I learn by doing that. As a result I am able to, hopefully, improve the way I write and convey my points of views. In short the quote from Yogi Bhajan sums it pretty well
If you want to learn something, read about it. If you want to understand something, write about it. If you want to master something, teach it. Yogi Bhajan
Hmm, ok... I am missing the teaching piece, but you got the gist.
As a result I have put this digital place together. Without totally knowing this is my digital garden.
A Digital Garden
What is that? A digital what!!
Well, I totally understand your reaction right now, but let me expand on this concept that basically is a metaphor for thinking about a blog (or writing in general) that doesn't give to much emphasis on the result but rather on the process and the craft of building something that eventually could became something bigger.
You get your hands dirty on a garden. A garden is a place to make things grow. Some harvests will flourish, others will die and like any other garden you will need to keep trying to plant good seeds and pull the weeds out.
Easier said than done. Organizing thoughts, ideas and concepts, even technical ones is, literally, a pain!
The beauty of building a digital garden is that it doesn't need to be perfect, it is a never ending work in progress - your personal learning sandbox!
At the end of the day my posts are in various evolutionary stages, like plants, same are good others are simply terrible and a lot of them are work in progress.
Inspired by
This is not a new concept and I draw inspiration from the following amazing posts:
- What is a Digital Garden, by Chris
- Digital Garden, by Joel
- Of Gardens and Wikis, by Tom
At least try to be digital
Irrespective of your willingness or not to set up your onw digital garden (a.k.a. personal blog) you should at the very minimum try to share your content in a truly digital format. No, a PDF, PPT or WORD document on LinkedIn is not being digital.
The problem with this is very simple - documents are not search engine optimize. This basically means that all that work and effort you have put into that idea or concept will only live for a very short period of time - as long as the likes and shares will last. If you are creating content you need to be aware about the implications of search engine optimization (SEO), that crawlers can't access documents that well, but are very good at going through a web page and my posts.
I am not even going down the path that you might be wasting a fantastic opportunity to improve your brand, if you are a company, or even to establish yourself as expert on XYZ topic. You definitely should channel all that effort into designing something that can outlive the number of likes you will get.
But this is not the only issue.
Platforms change
At the end of the day the content that you post in any given platform is not totally yours. You think it is, you probably think that you own that content, however reality is very different. As a simple example, and we are just grasping the surface, readers on Medium can only read three post per month without a subscription. You definitely can argue that the publishers can make money depending on engagement, however the rules of the game are not particularly clear. What's more, those rules can change overnight.
Any social platform that we use can reserve the right to change their model whenever they want. That for me is a big problem.
One of my favorite post ever about someone leaving Medium is from Dan Abramov on his post Why my new blog isn't on medium. I encourage you to check his reasonin- It is very interesting.
Your Digital Garden
I also want to offer you a solution to build your own digital garden so I have created this template for anyone to use. With that in mind I have created two gatsby-themes:
- A theme for ACME
- My website theme
They are both completely free.
TFS digital garden theme
If you are reading this you are already using the theme and the good news is, if you like it you are more than welcome to use it and make it your own:
- You can directly install the npm package for the theme here
- I will work to get the gatsby-starter for the theme on the gatsby library as well
Performance wise the, my website is looking good, but there are a couple of things that I will be working on to improve it.
ACME theme
You can check out a live demo of the ACME theme here. Basically you have 2 simple ways to use the theme:
- You can directly load the npm package for the theme here
- I will work to get the gatsby-starter for the theme on the gatsby library as well
I have tried to optimize the theme however I know is still not perfect.
A WIP Theme
Similar to a any digital garden both themes are still work in progress and whilst performance wise they are not bad, there are a couple of things that I need to do to improve both. I will be improving the theme over the course of next couple of months and will change this post accordingly.
I hope this is helpful and thank you for reading this far!By Anonymous - 15/01/2012 09:44 - United States
By carpusher - 12/04/2009 02:51 - United States
By club goer - 20/02/2013 19:48 - Canada
By Anonymous - 07/06/2016 07:45
Miss you, bed
By LadyGrey - 27/01/2015 11:45
By Anonymous - 12/08/2013 23:58 - United States
By ribx - 17/11/2016 11:24 - New Zealand - Hamilton
Testing, testing, 1-2, 1-2
By Decisions6 - 16/04/2020 05:00 - Denmark - Aarhus
By Sabraynay - 28/09/2011 06:47
By stanDman - 21/01/2009 20:06 - Canada
By Anonymous - 24/04/2009 20:21 - Canada
Hold frame
By Anonymous - 30/06/2021 22:01 - Australia - Thornleigh
By jordanss - 11/11/2010 18:02 - United States
By toothpaste - 19/01/2012 12:17 - Australia
By Michael tee - 11/08/2011 20:11 - United States
Sounds lovely
By akvan - 30/10/2020 06:01 - Canada - Toronto
By Ally - 27/09/2015 01:47 - Canada - Etobicoke
By Retailhell - 22/12/2014 06:25 - United States
By smyp - 27/05/2015 22:27 - Lithuania - Vilnius
By IhadToTakeCareOfTraumatizedFish - 03/03/2016 05:32 - United States - Iowa Park
By ajodasdojsad - 21/03/2015 15:12 - United Kingdom - Ewell
By Anonymous - 27/09/2012 02:29 - Canada - Toronto
By choup - 07/11/2008 21:02 - Australia
By Anonymous - 19/12/2010 00:14 - United States
By Anonymous - 12/01/2011 08:23 - Canada
By Anonymous - 06/07/2011 18:45 - United States
By Alec - 15/06/2011 09:02 - United States
By mairelys - 26/01/2010 06:56 - Canada
By nadette - 25/05/2009 16:43 - United States
Power tripping
By Anonymous - 05/02/2021 02:00
By Anonymous - 30/04/2012 02:53 - United States - Dallas
By Darwin_Award_Winner - 07/06/2012 12:10 - United States - Beaumont
By emilyparker - 01/09/2014 02:55 - Canada - Toronto
By 3some? uh, no - 01/02/2013 19:59 - Dominican Republic
Don't go to Sunn O))) concerts, kids
By Anonymous - 17/07/2021 12:01 - United States - Mount Jackson
By Anonymous - 12/06/2009 04:41 - United States
Keep your secrets, do your own laundry
By Anonymous - 25/09/2019 22:00 - United Kingdom - Chester
By sister of an angry nerd - 23/12/2015 06:09
By Ryan - 18/12/2009 05:09 - United States
Add a comment - Reply to : #
You must be logged in to be able to post comments!
Top comments
An example of why it’s best not to speak negatively of a friend or relative’s girlfriend/boyfriend even if they are an ex.
I don't get it, why does your life sucks when it's your friend who's dating their ex?Downloads
Which Scottish sites will you explore? How far back will they take you? Click the names below to read about the history, heritage and archaeology of each place before downloading the individual Minecraft maps.
If you're new to Minecraft and need some help getting started, visit the 'How to Guides'.
Note: You must have Minecraft installed on your device before you can download and play the maps.
I.
I knew the number was wrong because I learned maths before calculators so you just know when a number is wrong. Those of the calculator generation do not. They just accept that the calculator does not lie. So I got out a piece of paper and 140 × 140 was, by a quick process shown to be 19,600 Lek. Glum girl could not argue. She even smiled as she tried to explain about old Lek and new Lek and how it is all terribly confusing. Of course, dearest. The truth is that anyone under 25 cannot see when they have made an error on a calculator because they do not understand how numbers work.
Over and out from and old fart.
If you enjoyed reading this article from Tom Winnifrith, why not help us cover our running costs with a donation?
Filed under:How To Avoid Being Petfished This Christmas
8 months ago, we introduced our Preloved members to the concept of being Petfished. The culprits of petfishing are deceitful pet sellers that use unscrupulous tactics towards buyers of cats and dogs online. We teamed up with The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) to give you advice on how to spot and avoid these untrustworthy pet sellers. That way, you can buy safely online and give a little furry friend a forever home.
Now that Christmas is just around the corner, we have to take even more caution and be extra careful. Although we would never encourage or recommend buying a pet as a Christmas present, we recognise that there is an increase in purchases around the festive season. We must point out that Christmas is a noisy, stressful, and hectic time for everyone which can cause quite an unsettling environment for a new pup. It can cause anxiety and nervousness in pets, who should never be regarded as gifts in the first place. Animals are sentient beings and just as valuable a member of the family as humans.
Despite this, seasonal demand for animals means dishonest breeders and sellers are more active than ever. Which is why it’s even more important that we really understand #WhosBehindThePet. Watch this short video to find out why you should always research the seller and how deceitful ones are more common than you think…
— Defra UK (@DefraGovUK) November 13, 2020
How Preloved has supported the #PetFished campaign since it’s launch
- We provided comprehensive advice on the rehoming of animals during lockdown. This included information on scammers who have tried to capitalise on the pandemic and a surge in demand for pets.
- We released the 5 Common Misconceptions of Pets at Preloved to demonstrate how we act in accordance with Lucy’s law, how seriously we take animal welfare, and the efforts we make to eliminate puppy farming.
- We published A Scammed Buyer’s Story to highlight the 12 warning signs you should look out for when buying a pup.
- We prohibited “Free to good home” on our site so that profiteers can’t attempt to make an excessive and unfair profit from animals on Preloved. Profiteers seek free animals to be used for breeding. Whilst the seller makes a huge profit, the pet experiences instability, stress, and anxiety from multiple new environments. This is why we cannot enable this industry.
- We published the developmental stages of a kitten so that you have the right information before starting the rehoming process. Knowing the major growth milestones of a kitten is vital to making informed decisions about bringing a bundle of fluff into your home.
Hear real-life stories from people who didn’t research the seller…
Remember these 4 steps to ensure that you don’t get Petfished:
Remember to always use the Puppy Contract if you’re buying a puppy and the Kitten Checklist for cats.
For more information to help you understand #WhosBehindThePet, click here.
For more essential advice, Visit Defra Today
At Preloved, we also take Animal Welfare very seriously. Take a look at the measures we’ve got in place:
______________________________________
NEW Membership Offers for November!
30% off our Premium Membership
…
1 Month Free Trial of our Full MembershipMeet the HLIC
About the UN Health and Life Insurance Committee (HLIC)
The Health and Life Insurance Committee (HLIC), which was established many years ago, was re-established under the Secretary-General’s bulletin ST/SGB/275 in 1994 as a standing advisory body to the Joint Negotiation Committee (JNC) to deal with all matters concerning health and life insurance.
The HLIC consists of:
- A Chairperson designated by the JNC
- Six members, three nominated by the Secretary-General, and three representing the staff chosen by the staff associations.
- Observers from UNDP, UNICEF, AFICS
- UN Medical Director and the FRMS Director (ex officios)
- Health & Life Insurance Section serves as secretary
HLIC's commitment to you
The Committee reviews and recommends proposals relating to insurance eligibility rules, plan changes, and premium rates for the annual renewals of health insurance plans administered by UNHQ.
The core functions of the Health and Life Insurance Committee include:
- Oversight of plan benefits
- Proposal of insurance eligibility rules and plan design changes
- Proposal of premium adjustments for the annual renewals
- Evaluation of exceptions to any insurance eligibility or benefit rulesOpening Times
Monday to Friday
8:30am – 5pm
We do not close for lunch, there will always be someone available.
Weekends
Saturday 9am – 5pm
Sunday 12 noon – 5pm
Please note: The workshop closes at 1pm on a Saturday and is CLOSED all day Sunday.
No caravans or motorhomes can be accepted for the workshop outwith workshop hours.
Directions
We recommend that you use the post code EH54 8FB (Chuckethall Road) as we have had reports of our own post code taking people to the M8 motorway side of our premises. spv410 manufacturer BevelingBW Cutting
Bewise Inc. spv410 manufacturer Beveling Reference source from the internet. JSWJISASTMDINBS spv410 manufacturer Beveling @ BW Professional BW Professional Cutter Expert spv410 manufacturer Beveling. . ,,,top 10 monel405 stainless steel plate astmAPI spv410 manufacturer Beveling
products boiler steel plate-p265 gh low temperature
Reputation We have been supplying steel product for pressure vessel manufacturers in and abroad for several decades, and has won a good reputation for steel quality and good sales service. Boiler plate steel and pressure vessel stee:buy from To produce plates from boiler steel, reversing hot-rolling mills are predominantly used (also by cutting spv410 manufacturer Bevelingpressure vessel plate boiler and pressure vessel steel spv410 manufacturer Bevelingpressure vessel plate boiler and pressure vessel steel plate. Description: spv410 manufacturer Bevelingplate beveling, plate beveling Suppliers and Manufacturers spv410 manufacturer BevelingA wide variety of plate beveling options are available to you, There are 787 suppliers who sells plate beveling on Alibaba spv410 manufacturer Beveling, mainly located in Asia. The top countries of suppliers are China, Taiwan, China, and South Korea, from which the percentage of plate beveling supply is
boiler and pressure vessel hot rolled steel plate - Mild spv410 manufacturer Beveling
We are specialized in processing and exporting boiler and pressure vessel hot rolled steel plate in China and win high reputations from our customers. boiler and pressure vessel hot rolled steel plate in all grades, offer boiler and pressure vessel hot rolled steel plate stock,boiler and pressure vessel hot rolled steel plate price, Also, boiler and pressure vessel hot rolled steel plate can spv410 manufacturer Bevelingasme sa633 gr d steel chemical composition - escaLejeunes spv410 manufacturer BevelingASME SA633 Gr. D/SA633 Grade D structural steel plates spv410 manufacturer Beveling spv410 manufacturer Bevelinga572 steel grade 50 ultimate strength steel coilA572 Grade 50 Plate Suppliers,Astm A572 Grade 50 Sheet spv410 manufacturer Beveling
Self Supporting Galvanized Communication Tower spv410 manufacturer Beveling
Jun 25, 2019 · Steel Standard: API 5L,EN 10208-1, EN 10208-2, DIN 2470-1/1629. Line pipe dimentions: Thickness: 8mm-60mm, Width: 1500mm-4020mm, Length:3000mm-18000mm. Delivery state spv410 manufacturer BevelingPlate Bevelling Machine Manufacturer and Supplier IndiaManufacturer, Supplier and Exporter of Plate Bevelling Machine, Bevelling Machines, Thane, India Request a Quote Now! Call Us On +91-9029005461 . Leave a message. spv410 manufacturer Beveling Pipe Beveling, Pipe Beveling Machines, Narrow Width Pipe Beveling Machine, Plate Beveling Machine, Pipe Cutting Machine, Flange Facing Machine, Tube Facing Machine, Tube Beveling spv410 manufacturer BevelingNFA 36-205 Pressure Vessel Steel Plate Manufacturer spv410 manufacturer BevelingAbout.
Lista Productos | Pipe (Fluid Conveyance) | Building spv410 manufacturer Beveling
Lista Productos | Pipe (Fluid Conveyance) | Building spv410 manufacturer Beveling spv410 manufacturer Beveling gfhjGrades and Materials for Boiler and Pressure Vessel Steel spv410 manufacturer Beveling.GL grade DQ70 equvalent-BBBS STEEL GRADE - Hot rolled spv410 manufacturer BevelingGB/T 8162-2008 q345b Seamless Steel Pipe.
Fob qingdao shipping Manufacturers & Suppliers, China fob spv410 manufacturer Beveling
fob qingdao shipping manufacturer/supplier, China fob qingdao shipping manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese fob qingdao shipping manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China spv410 manufacturer Beveling.China The Steel Plate For Boiler And Pressure Vessel spv410 manufacturer BevelingChina The Steel Plate For Boiler And Pressure Vessel, China The Steel Plate For Boiler And Pressure Vessel Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory - Source a Large Selection of The Steel Plate For Boiler And Pressure Vessel Products at steel plate,calibrated Beveling Machine-China Beveling Machine Manufacturers spv410 manufacturer BevelingChina Beveling Machine - Select 2021 Beveling Machine products from verified China Beveling Machine manufacturers, suppliers on Made-in-China spv410 manufacturer Beveling.
Bevel - Grooming Products Specifically Designed for spv410 manufacturer Beveling
started Bevel. TRISTAN'S PICKS. Trimmer. $186.95 Shave Kit. $134.70 $76.45 Skin Starter Bundle. $54.80 $39.45 MADE FOR YOU. Best Sellers NEW Trimmer Limited Edition Black Trimmer $219.95 $186.95. Learn More Shave Kit The Complete Shave System spv410 manufacturer BevelingBW Professional Cutter Expert spv410 manufacturer Beveling :: BW Professional Cutter Expert spv410 manufacturer Beveling. . ,,,Some results are removed in response to a notice of local law requirement. For more information, please see here.BW Cutting Tools spv410 manufacturer Beveling: Bewise Inc. spv410 manufacturer Beveling Reference source from the internet. JSW JIS ASTM DIN BS spv410 manufacturer Beveling
ASTM A572-50 Steel Plate Is Popular For Structural And spv410 manufacturer Beveling
Last news. round schedule 80 carbon steel pipe. offer jis g3115 spv235 spv315 spv410 spv450 spv490. galvanized schedule 40 astm a36 cold rolled drainage steel p“We have no eternal allies, and we have no perpetual enemies. Our interests are eternal and perpetual, and those interests it is our duty to follow.” Lord Palmerston, Remarks in the House of Commons, March 1, 1848
The debate over the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union is paralleled by a debate over the future of the nation’s foreign relations. While more hardline remainers tend to be in favour of a closer security arrangement with Europe as part of the European Union, there are parallel trends towards Atlanticism and promotion of the Anglosphere or cross-Commonwealth security arrangements among leavers.
Other trends, though less pronounced, can be spotted too. Many are the strains of globalism which advocate for the transfer of sovereignty to international institutions. Likewise, there are special interests that will argue unremittingly for alignment with the interests of particular foreign states, or who will always take a position for or against a particular foreign party in any debate, to the point that, rhetorically, the UK’s national security concerns are subordinated to that of some foreign state. Too many are the voices in British politics for whom Pakistan or India, Israel or the Palestinian Territories, Russia or Ukraine, Europe or the United States, or Saudi Arabia or Iran can do wrong, and while most are sincere in their tunnel vision, it should be acknowledged that some of these voices are bought and paid for.
How few by contrast are those foreign policy voices in British politics who advocate for our freedom from fixed alliances, and the value of independent and autonomous action. No one embarrassed to say “Britain first!” should ever be left at the helm of the ship. The primary purpose behind the existence of the nation-state is the self-determination of and the protection of the indigenous peoples of that state.
It is a matter of realpolitik to state that disenfranchised peoples are always vulnerable to genocidal predications. Nationalism protects nations (or paraphrasing Yoram Hazony, nationalism is virtuous). The presence of a homeland – which is militarily defensible, whose boundaries recognised in international law, and which other nations under the balance-of-power doctrine are compelled to unite to protect – is almost certainly a more powerful buffer against genocide than it is commonly recognised. Equally however, saying that the primary purpose is the protection of indigenous peoples in no way abrogates the law of hospitality. As the Law of Moses states, “Therefore love the stranger, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.”
As part of this belief in the value of self-determination, it is of course right and proper that a sovereign nation should stand by subjugated nations or ethnic groups, particularly where genocide is threatened or practised, and we should never shrink from action against states who commit or tolerate crimes against humanity. The lack of European intervention in the Thirty-Year Genocide by the Turks against the Greeks, Armenians and Assyrians speaks to a failure of European leadership. So too was the tragic destruction of the Selknam people in Tierra del Fuego at the turn of the last century. It is always in your national interest to stand up for and act decisively on behalf of peoples facing genocide, regardless where in the world it is taking place and what other interests are at stake.
To see the power of this claim, we need only look back on the tragic history of the Twentieth Century. Might not the substantial populations of Greeks, Armenians and Assyrians living within the Ottoman Empire have been better able to resist Turkish oppression if they had greater autonomy, or their own states? Would not the Jewish people in Europe have been better able to resist their annihilation had the state of Israel been in existence to serve as a refuge, and a voice for European Jews in the international arena? Is not the current precarious position of the Kurdish people due in part to their being the world’s largest people group without their own state?
In pursuit of its interests, the UK must of course continue to cooperate with the United States on a wide range of issues, and should equally work closely with France and Germany, Italy and Spain for our mutual economic benefit. But pray, do tell me, what what is the point of freeing ourselves from the shackles of the European Union to tie ourselves permanently to any other permanent alliance!
The United Kingdom’s best defence is the modern world is doughty independence, not compromising international alliances, and a healthy teacup of suspicion should always be reserved towards voices that would seek to lever us even temporarily into federation with any foreign state or states. After all, even allied states with closely-aligned cultures and institutions, or strategic economic partners, may one day turn around and practice the sort of oppression that a ‘partner’ would blush to call out (viz Norwegian Barnevernet’s campaign of mass forced adoption or China’s ‘reeducation’ camps).
Equally, we should have no eternal animus against any other nation. In a world where nuclear, chemical and biological weapons are always at risk of falling into terrorist hands, and where people smuggling and narcotics trafficking transcends national boundaries, we should always leave a foot in the door for dialogue, and not stretch criticism of or action against other states beyond the demands of the occasion.
Paraphrasing Palmerston, let us rather resolve to say, ‘We have no eternal allies, and we have no perpetual enemies. Our interests are principled and perpetual, and those interests it is our duty to follow.’
May 30, 2019, 01:32 ET
ANAHEIM, Calif., May 30, 2019 /PRNewswire/ --.
SOURCE Disney Parks, Experiences and Products
Share this articleProfit: Buy or Bye?
April 1, 2009
Making or losing money in the ‘now’ economy means you have to ensure each customer micro-moment delivers a message of buy not bye. Here’s a teaching tale of what not to do that will amuse and instruct you and your team.
It’s a high-end medical office offering cosmetic treatments with equally high price tags. I have been invited for a complimentary consultation prior to two ‘free’ facial micro-dermabrasion treatments.My last micro-dermabrasion occurred when I wiped out rollerblading but that was my hip and when I discovered the healing properties of Scotch.
I arrive early and look for a coat rack, it’s winter after all, but alas no hook, no coat stand, no closet. A rust-colored coat is the sole occupant on the middle waiting room chair. Are you getting the message? We might care about your skin but not what you wear to cover it. Sparkly red Christmas branches decorate the room. It is January 26th. Subcutaneous message: we are too busy for superficial details even though we are in the ‘superficial’ (that is to say the surface of the skin) business. When a customer walks in your door what messages are you sending?
At the high-countered reception window, Jessica a native woman in a large, motorized wheelchair, is booking her next appointment. Her wheelchair has tires that would make an Arctic transport truck proud.She motors to the door and gets stuck. No staff come to help. I widen the opening of the first door and we joke as I squeeze by to open the second. Message: we care about you just not very much. Once you pay your bill or book an appointment you are on your own. >Next I am greeted by the receptionist, a young gal with a pleasant demeanor and equally pleasant skin. She hands me a cheap clipboard (one dollar at any dollar store) with a forest of paper requesting a great deal of personal medical information. I don’t recall a privacy form. This is, I remind you, a meeting to set a meeting to remove some dead skin not remove an organ or three. It’s reno time not demo time. They are not meeting me where I am. They are meeting me where they want me to be. Are you giving the impression you want a customer to open their wallet or their bank account?
Katherine appears. She looks ten, okay twenty but you know what I mean. She walks me to a small consulting room with a plush club chair. White feather Christmas trees adorn the shelves. Need I remind you Santa left the building 3o days ago. Katherine asks me more questions and begins her pitch. Procedure, benefit, procedure, benefit. It’s 85% content and 15% connection. I find myself tuning out once in a while despite her melodic voice. She could easily have a future in radio when wrinkles appear and she’s too old to be on staff. All of a sudden Katherine says “Just a minute”‘ and listens intently to her earbud, which I hadn’t noticed before because of her blonde bob. She pinches the mini receiver by her collar and speaks. This could be the final straw but I had not yet met the camel. Message: whatever happens in my earbud is more important than the customer before me. In the field of manufacturing they have analyzed each moment and made them ‘lean’ – all unncessary steps are eliminated. In the service industry we need to find out if moments are fat. Fat the way Hagen Daz makes your day. If you want to people to spend money make them feel rich by giving them your full attention. There is so little of it these days that if you do it and do it well you will stand out like a Rolls Royce in a parking lot of tricycles.
At this point – and it’s me here I’m writing to you. Every blog experts says you are going to stop reading because this is too long. But stick with me; the pay off is coming. I am taken to the Physician’s treatment room. The walls are a crazy Crayola blue which match the treatment table crammed into the corner. An 8 1/2 by 11 sheet of paper taped to the entrance to the treatment rooms said renovations were underway; they should have started with this room. A sensitive gay man would run out shrieking, it’s that ugly. Message: we know nothing about beauty we can’t even choose a paint chip.
The doc arrives. He’s hyped. He sits, crosses his leg and it begins to twitch, alot.I am worried about him. After his prolonged assessment of my visage, he says I frown. I try to explain that a cleft lip means my lips don’t meet so I have to bring my bottom lip up to meet my non-existent upper lip to do the daily things that lips enjoy. I frown on one side by default. Doc says no it’s just me, I frown, and fillers would help. He adds “You use your cheek muscles a lot”. I can’t help it I’m trying not to laugh: he’s high, the room is ugly, no one is going to believe this.
Twitch asks if I have any questions. I do. “How much coffee have you had today?” He laughs, “I don’t drink coffee.” “Tea?” I ask. “You seem really revved.” “No I just move fast to get the most out of life.” Yeah right. I was tempted to ask what his conversion rate was from pitch to sale but didn’t. Time to go. It has been two hours from start to finish. I could have rented my own sander and polished Joan Rivers. On the way out, another twenty-something tries to book me for blasting. Message: We botox women over 40 but we don’t hire them. Or for crying out loud does your business show that it cares about its niche?
I ask them to call me Wednesday. It’s a test. They fail. In fact they don’t call for three weeks.
In the now economy we have to ask ourselves what are the messages embedded in every micro-moment because, face it, you are either getting a buy or a bye.
Louise
One Response to “Profit: Buy or Bye?”
[kaltura-widget wid=”xpd0rxv2ow” size=”comments” /]Hill & Ponton P.A. Veterans Scholarship Award
Amount Details
$1,000Low Amount Awarded
Eligibility Requirements
Must be an undergraduate student
Must attend a university, a four-year college, two-year college or a vocational-tech school
Must not be attending high school currently
Both full-time and part-time students
Must be in or a veteran of any U.S. Armed Service
Must be a dependent of the service(s) specified above
How to Apply
What you'll need:
For more info, please visit our site
Other - DD-214
Application Form
Community Service
Essay
Contact cahill@hillandponton.comThe Upside to %keyword.
A baccarat hand will contain either two or three cards when the hand hayatpsikolojikdanismanlik.com is completed. Baccarat is among the most popular table games in casinos across the world. More than half of the tables in Macau are even designated specifically to baccarat. The game also attracts some of the highest rollers in Las Vegas.
Casino operators choose which wagers they will offer and the minimum and maximum wagering limits. This is a classic game in which the player tries to draw to 21, or closer to 21, than the dealer, without going over . Each player is dealt two cards face up, and then is allowed to hit or stay . The dealer starts with two cards as well, but one is face up and the other face down. Face cards are worth 10, and Aces are worth 1 or 11 (player’s choice). Receiving an Ace and a 10 on your first two cards is the lucrative hand known as “blackjack.” Additional bets like “splitting” and “doubling down” are also available on certain hands. Beyond merely grasping procedure, some casino aficionados find fulfillment fathoming the probability engines driving their favorite games.
The owners of this casino managed to call SugarHouse, located in Philadelphia, PA, something else…who knows why they didn’t decide to give this one an original name. Maybe there was once something unique about this casino, but it appears that it has been acquired by Penn National Gaming who also owns and operates the Hollywood chain.
Later, these issues were figured out and Baccarat became more affordable to mass players. The rules were also simplified and.
Any other persons desiring to take part remain standing, and can only play in the event of the amount in the bank for the time being not being covered by the seated players. In Baccarat Chemin de Fer, it will have been noticed that a given bank only continues so long as the banker wins. In Baccarat Banque the position of banker is much more permanent. (The number is not absolute, sometimes four packs, sometimes two only, being used; but three is the more usual number.) The banker holds office until all these cards have been dealt.Learning by Numbers (A literacy narrative)
It begins with the heartbeat-like rhythm that the subway trains made as their wheels rolled by, tuck-a-tuck-a, tuck-a-tuck-a. Occasionally I could hear the screech of their brakes echoing through the tunnel in the distance. The noise would get louder and louder as the trains drew near. Suddenly one would pierce through the darkness of the tunnel, bursting into the station with the release of a high pitch, dragon-like, hiss as it came to an abrupt stop. The doors would open automatically, almost immediately, releasing its passengers. I can still remember the smell of the brakes, the hydraulics, the dirty stale air, and the hustle and bustle of all the people moving hurriedly through the station.
I was 7 years old. I had just finished my school day as a 2nd grader at the American School in London. Today was going to be a big day because my dad was coming home from a long business trip and was scheduled to meet me at the train station, specifically, the stop known famously as Abbey Road. This was our meeting place before heading home together.
I scanned the faces in the crowd until I saw the one I was waiting for, the one I recognized. And suddenly, there he was, dark black shaggy hair parted to the side, long bushy side burns, wearing a brown polyester business suit, hard plastic briefcase in hand. This was the typical business attire for that era of time in the seventies. I gave him a big hug and we boarded the train that would take us to our home in the British countryside, Chorleywood. Dad found us a couple of seats with a view out of the window. I loved watching the beautiful scenery roll by with the security of my dad next to me. I hoped this would be the day that he would enlighten me about the next model airplane we’d be building together. I asked him excitedly, “Dad, what’s in the briefcase?” He responded nonchalantly, “Sorry, kiddo. I didn’t have a chance to get you anything.” Knowing he was probably kidding, I kept my hopes up until we were home and I could hear the click-click of that hard plastic briefcase opening.
We made it home where my mother had a fabulous dinner waiting for us. It was my favorite dinner, chicken and dumplings. After dinner Dad went to the bedroom to unpack his suitcase. When he was finished the briefcase finally came out, “click-click”, and out of it came the familiar model airplane box. I stared excitedly at the picture depicted on the cover of the box. The scene revealed to me what plane we would be building. It was a B-17 Flying Fortress, one we had never attempted making before! We opened the box, instruction manual on top with the plane’s decals neatly tucked inside. The rest of the box is a scattered mess of clear, grey and black plastic pieces, all different shapes and sizes with numbers to identify them. I asked my dad, “How are we ever going to figure out how to put this all together?” He looked at me and smiled. “Chris, we’re going to start with #1 on the instruction manual.”
The instruction manual has pictures and words. Pictures show how the parts go together and are labeled with their identifying numbers. Words describe the sequence of how things should go together, one little piece at a time. #1 started simply: Insert pilot seat into the cockpit, which was aptly labeled “A.” That was easy enough. I found the plastic seat and grabbed my plastic glue and glued the seat into the cockpit. It got progressively harder.
Creating a model airplane involves gluing plastic pieces together. The glue is specifically for plastic and if you are not careful, it can get messy, especially when you get it on your fingers. Creating a model airplane also involves painting the plastic pieces. The model paint is oil-based so it takes a cleaner like turpentine to keep your brushes clean. You can wait till the model is all put together to paint it or you can paint it as you build the model. Dad and I prefer the latter. It gives the model a more finished appearance. The last step is putting decals in the appropriate areas on the model. This includes soaking the paper sheet of decals in a bowl of water until the decals themselves float away from the paper substrate. At that point the decals are ready for putting on the model. Fishing them out of the water was always quite a challenge!
The process of building a model airplane includes many small details. One must pay attention to the details, especially in reading the instruction manual. With the model I was building with my dad, I learned this the hard way.
As we continued to build, my dad left me alone for a minute so he could chat with my mother about the prior week of travels. In my haste and impatience, I jumped from #8 to #12 in the instruction manual because #12 was way more exciting than #8, the one I had been stuck on for a while. #12 involved putting the two halves of the fuselage together! As I started gluing pieces together, I realized that I hadn’t put the ball turret on yet. The ball turret was #10 in the instruction manual. Now that I had glued the fuselage pieces together, it was now impossible to put the ball turret in the fuselage without taking the parts apart.
When my dad returned, he saw what had happened. “Hmmm, I don’t think that looks quite right? Did you jump the gun, son?” “Well, I thought it’d be more exciting to put the fuselage together, but now I have a problem on my hands.” “Well, we need to go back to where you went astray.” Dad helped me pry apart the fuselage without breaking it. We scraped all the glue off the pieces and placed the ball turret inside the fuselage, along with a few other steps that I had missed from not following the manual properly.
I realized an important lesson that day: The instruction manual and its sequence of events is the key component to building a model airplane. As with any manual, a careful and thorough reading of the manual will ensure a successful build. And not to read it carefully will result in disaster.
After carefully following every step in the instruction manual, we finally completed the B-17 Flying Fortress. It was a beautiful sight! It was just like the cover of the box and all the pictures of examples of the best models made. I was very proud of my model. I felt a great sense of accomplishment and pride in a job well done. Could I have done this without an instruction manual? The answer is a resounding “No!”
Thinking back now, that moment was a pivotal moment in my life. Had I not learned the importance of reading an instruction manual well, I would not have found my passion for building things, more specifically, motorcycles and mountain bikes—all of which required an instruction manual. In my life, I have built and restored dozens of motorcycles and mountain bikes: mountain bikes from frame up, such as a 1995 Manitou HT, a late 90s competition tandem mountain bike, along with numerous racing bicycles of all types, including my girlfriend’s Specialized Jett Comp. For motorcycles, I built the Spanish-made Bultaco Fronteras, Pursangs, Matadors, German-made Maicos, and a 1972 Honda CL350 Twin that I am very proud of…known, perhaps serendipitously, as the Memphis Belle, themed after the famous B-17 from WWII. Looking at that motorcycle makes me think of building models with my dad all those years ago.
Dad and I would continue to build things together from time to time. I can remember another time when we built a boat out of a single sheet of plywood. Dad aptly named it “Chris’s Craft”. It was going to be my miniature electric powered fishing boat. The instructions for that project came directly from the pages of a Popular Science magazine. It would consist of 1 sheet of plywood, lots of wood glue, some epoxy and paint. We tested the boat’s buoyancy in our hot tub in the back yard. We got some funny looks from the neighbors when we did that. We must have read and followed the instructions properly because the boat stayed afloat, for many years as I recall. I caught many fish from the seat of that little boat we made.
These days I design book covers for my Dad’s publishing company. The instructions come to me from him and his client. I read them carefully and follow them to produce the desired cover of the book for his client. He is always proud of my work and my attention to detail, a direct correlation to my model building days.
The key to learning is reading. I have learned that if I can read a manual about building a model airplane, I can learn to do anything. Reading a manual requires reading every word and understanding every sentence. You can’t just look at the pictures and you can’t do it out of order. It requires patience and diligence and a desire to learn. If you have these three traits, you can read an instruction manual about anything and the possibilities for creation are endless.Book and Go
Sydney History
Once a penal colony, Sydney is now one of the world’s most desirable places to live. It was founded in 1788, when the first British fleet of 1,000 settlers (most of whom were convicts) docked on Australia’s shores.
With their superior weapons, the Europeans swiftly set about dispossessing the indigenous population. However, their greatest ally was disease and the local Aboriginal community was devastated by smallpox.
At first, droughts and disease caused widespread problems, but the situation soon improved and Sydney was incorporated (given a corporation and mayor) in the 1840s.
As the city grew, new buildings were erected with the Sydney Observatory, the Australian Museum, Sydney Town Hall and the Queen Victoria Building all going up in the 1850s. This development coincided with a gold rush in the mid-19th century, which brought yet more settlers.
When the Commonwealth of Australia was inaugurated in January 1901, Sydney became the capital of the Australian state of New South Wales, and industrialisation saw the city expand rapidly.
However, the Great Depression hit Sydney hard and put a pause on its growth for a number of years. It didn’t stop everything though, and it was during this time that the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge opened in 1932, connecting the city’s northern and southern banks. It took 1,400 men eight years to complete.
After WWII, Sydney continued to expand and various waves of European and Asian immigration resulted in a melting pot of cultures. From the 1960s, new skyscrapers started to pop up, with the iconic Opera House following in 1973.
More recently, the 2000 Sydney Olympics brought a further boom, both in tourism and immigration, as those watching the action fell in love with the city. Now one of the world’s most popular tourist destinations, millions flock to its shores each year.
Did you know?
• Before the ribbon could be cut to open the Sydney Harbour Bridge, Captain Francis De Groot sliced it with his sword because he believed that a member of the Royal Family should officially open the bridge rather than the New South Wales Premier, John T. Lang. De Groot was arrested, the ribbon was re-tied and Lang went on cut the ribbon officially.
• Sydney’s George Street is the oldest street in Australia.
• The Australia Day Regatta, which was first raced in 1837, is the oldest sailing regatta in the world.
Do you have any Feedback about this page?
© 2021 Columbus Travel Media Ltd. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission, click here for information on Columbus Content Solutions.Mercedes bringing fighter jet like heads up display to its car using Augmented Reality!
Remember when the only way to choose and buy a vehicle was to go from garage to garage, pacing relentlessly around forecourts and haggling with salesmen? A car is a high-involvement, high-cost purchase for most people, and it also reflects self-expression, so all of the interactions that surround it should reflect that.
Augmented Reality now enables car buyers to view cars in 3D from all directions instead of physically going to see them. Consumers can now make nuanced decisions without having to leave the house by getting a realistic 360-degree view of a vehicle, both inside and out, as well as seeing how it drives.
Several car manufacturers have already adopted VR and AR technology. With research findings that 59% of consumers rely on personalisation to influence their purchasing decisions, the automotive industry like Mercedes-Benz, Audi, Honda and Toyota capitalised these new strategies to create a more immersive experience for customers. These companies are now using Augmented Reality technology to showcase their cars in new and creative ways, anywhere and at any time.
𝐌𝐞𝐫𝐜𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐬-𝐁𝐞𝐧𝐳 𝐥𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐀𝐑 / 𝐕𝐑 𝐭𝐨 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐫𝐮𝐩𝐭 𝐜𝐚𝐫 𝐝𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞.
Mercedes-Benz is using Microsoft HoloLens augmented reality platform to help with its manufacturing operations, initiate corporate training as well as a sales revolution. They integrated augmented reality into their training programmes. Employees can observe and comprehend complex structures in greater detail using the headset, and can inspect internal workings without having to dismantle the vehicle. The sets are being used by employees to train their colleagues on various manufacturing tasks.
InfiVR also brings such efficient and cost effective psychophysics based virtual reality solutions to solve training problems.
InfiVR is working with leading automobile companies to take their training programs to the next level providing them virtual reality based safety training, assembly and quality inspection training.
Recently launched Mercedes-Benz-S-Class, is equipped with an augmented reality heads-up display (AR HUD), which projects navigational prompts and information about driving assistance systems into the area ahead of the car, appearing to blend them in. The device also displays the driver’s current direction in real time, highlighting the correct turning point in a complicated intersection, projecting house numbers, or representing traffic lights that are out of the driver’s view. Currently at Mercedes-Benz, Augmented reality is already at hand for S-Class, E-Class and GLB customers.
𝐀𝐮𝐝𝐢 𝐢𝐬 𝐭𝐫𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐨 𝐠𝐞𝐭 𝐚𝐰𝐚𝐲 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐛𝐫𝐢𝐜𝐤 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐫 𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐲 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐯𝐢𝐫𝐭𝐮𝐚𝐥 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲.
Since 2016, Audi has used some kind of virtual reality in its dealerships. They are shifting away from real-world cars but still allowing sales through virtual experiences. They incorporated Virtual Experience in the showrooms which not only resulted in reduction of showroom numbers but could also significantly increase showroom numbers as set up costs are greatly reduced. As a result, The Audi virtual reality experience allowed prospective customers to see the entire range of Audi vehicles and options all in one place.
Along with the showrooms, Virtual Reality also changed their sales. When it came to viewing every part of the product, it allowed salespeople to show off not only the car, but also any new innovations that are incorporated into the models being displayed. This means that prospective customers can put on a headset and experience whatever vehicle they want in a safe setting. It enables them to customise the car according to their preferences, within the parameters of the available choices.
Recently, Audi India has also introduced the all-new myAudi Connect app, which allows owners to be more connected to their vehicles than ever before. Customers can have AR experience of Audi Cars at home on this app and Virtual experience is available at the Audi dealership. In the virtual reality experience, customers can not only look at the car from the outside, but also sit inside it and manipulate the various controls on the dashboard. The VR headset’s light and sound effects add to the immersive experience, making it a more realistic and natural feel. In 2021, the majority of car buyers choose to perform at least part of the transaction remotely, and COVID-19 regulations are driving more and more people online. Each customer gets an interactive virtual showroom and a practical test-drive experience thanks to Augmented Reality and Virtual reality.
𝐇𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐚 𝐥𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐮𝐠𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐠𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐛𝐚𝐜𝐤 𝐭𝐨 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐦𝐮𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐲.
Honda has begun to integrate augmented and virtual reality technology into the design, marketing, and use of their vehicles in recent years. Honda started using augmented reality to showcase their new car models in their Auto Show at Los Angeles. Beginning with Honda Accord Sedan, The entire experience of customers was driven by augmented reality technology, from the TLX to the surrounding world. In this case, augmented reality was used to help Honda generate buzz for the TLX and engage with customers in a fun and engaging way.
Honda added devices that can detect pedestrians in all directions using sensors mounted around the vehicle’s exterior. If a pedestrian is identified, the device can display an avatar on the windshield using augmented reality technology. This will notify the driver of the pedestrian’s position, allowing them to prevent a collision. Since the sensors sense pedestrians in all directions, the device improves drivers’ situational awareness by assisting them in locating pedestrians they would not have seen otherwise.
Honda not only focused on the automotive industry but also used augmented reality to give it back to the community. For patients at the Children’s Hospital of Orange County, the automaker used augmented reality technology to create “The Magic Snow Globe” experience in 2018. The technology was used to transport children into a snow globe, where they could engage with a variety of holiday characters and other elements. Honda was able to provide the pediatric patients at this hospital with an unforgettable holiday experience.
𝐓𝐨𝐲𝐨𝐭𝐚 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐀𝐑 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐕𝐑 𝐚𝐬 𝐧𝐞𝐱𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐢𝐭𝐬 𝐊𝐚𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐧 𝐩𝐡𝐢𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐨𝐩𝐡𝐲.
Toyota’s immersive AR experience sets the tone for the auto industry’s move toward digital transformation in the form of AR and MR because they bring virtual cars to customers all over the United States so they can have a firsthand look at them. The best thing is that the customers won’t need users to download a special app to their mobile device to do so. Instead, interactive media can be used to offer the AR experience on a large scale. For example, users can launch Toyota’s AR experience by simply clicking a banner ad on a social media page.
Toyota is also improving teamwork by using augmented reality and virtual reality to bind remote and onsite workers more easily than ever before. It has been shown that creating a sensitive virtual environment for workers to communicate digitally:
- Reduce the time it takes for approvals to be granted.
- Increase the project’s timetable by allowing team members to react more quickly.
- When more and more teams relocate offsite, improve workplace morale.
- Increase the amount of contact between remote and in-house employees.
Toyota developed the virtual reality driving simulator called TeenDrive365. The simulator, which is designed to be used with the Oculus Rift, allows students to experience driving a car in virtual reality before getting on the road. TeenDrive365 teaches trainees to be vigilant on the road and avoid distractions like texting or talking to irritating friends while driving, thanks to realistic 3D graphics, animations, sounds, and complete simulations of road traffic. As Toyota provides a virtual experience to their customers and employees.
InfiVR is one of the leading AR / VR companies working very closely with automobile giants by consulting and providing solutions like; VR Safety Training modules, enhancing marketing experience by creating Virtual Automotive Dealerships, Assembly line production aid using augmented reality technologies enabled through head gears like HoloLens and Improving Sales experience through assistive tools for Sales Executives. Infi AVR Platform presents the power of augmented reality and virtual reality in the hands of automotive associates, engineers, designers, and assembly line workers.The GT Radial FE1 City is available.
Positioned as an urban tyre for long life and confident wet and dry handling, the product is aimed at front wheel drive, A-C segment vehicles such as the Fiat 500, Ford Fiesta and Volkswagen Fox and Polo.
Attributes include a strengthened design to protect against city driving damage from potholes, kerbs and speed bumps and a new compound to improve mileage potential with lighter manoeuvring plus better braking and acceleration at low to moderate speeds.
This tyre has been replaced by the GT Radial FE2.
Tyre review data from 2 tyre reviews averaging 88% over 6,000 miles driven.
The FE1 City is unranked of 202 Summer Touring tyres.
2021-08-11 - I have had a set of Champiro FE1 GT Radials fitted on my car and notice that the outside tick shaped tread pattern changes from downwards as on the picture to upwards depending on which side of the car it is fitted. They are correctly fitted with "Outside" showing. It worries me - does it matter ?
No, this is perfectly normal. Have a look at the Uniroyal RainSport 5 on a car!
Have YOU got experience with the GT Radial FE1 City? Help millions of other tyre buyers
Review your GT Radial FE1 City >Passengers faced a lot of flight commotion following a computer system failure at the air traffic control office in the UK recently. National Air Traffic Services or NATS reported that a technical issue had occurred in its Swanwick flight information system which had led to this problem. It is now rehabilitated to its original operational capacity, reported the air traffic management company.
The UK government called the disturbance as “unacceptable” and asked for a reasonable justification with regards to what went awry.
Flight delay reasons: Blame on knock-on effects
The air traffic disruption in question led to widespread problems at various airports all over the country. This included flight delays at Gatwick and Heathrow. The flights for departure were kept grounded for a certain period of time at these airports. There were also other airports that attributed the issues to flight “knock-on effects”.
Patrick McLoughlin, Transport Secretary, was reported saying that any disturbance to the country’s aviation system is a crucial matter of concern, particularly at this busy time of the year. Commotion and delays at this time and on this scale are not acceptable at all and NATS must justify the disruption in flight services.
No excuse: Travellers suffer due to delays
Heathrow is a primary hub as far as international transfers are concerned. The impact of this disruption was felt beyond the borders of the United Kingdom. Over 67 million people use the airport for travel each year with almost 90 airlines serving them across 180 destinations.
The excuse of flight “knock-on effects”, indicating one flight delay leading to another is just not a good enough excuse for stranding passengers at airports in the middle of the holiday season. Deirdre Poole, a passenger stuck at the Heathrow airport was doubtful if she would be able to make it to her home in Geneva post the cancellation of her Swiss International Airlines flight.
She complained saying that the situation was absolutely ridiculous. It was reported that the knock-on effects were going to be horrible and messy.
NATS said that a detailed investigation was being executed to bring forth the actual cause of the disturbance. However, a complete recovery of all airline operations across the United Kingdom will take some time. Therefore it is advisable for passengers to get in touch with their airlines to get an update on their flight status at all times.
Commenting on the situation, Simon Calder, who is a stand-alone travel journalist, said that the incident left several thousand people stranded and upset. Also, there are aviation heads that are extremely angry as they do not have any accountability for this awful event. However, at the same time they have a huge responsibility to attend to the passengers and look after them which is going to cost them several million pounds.From Of Countless Hours of Testing…
These Gold Companies are the Top 4 Choices:
Goldco – Our Most Researched Recommendation
Gold Investing Guide Pdf
Goldco, also known as Goldco Rare-earth elements, is a trusted and also experienced full-service rare-earth elements company. They concentrate on dealing with silver and gold individual retirement account rollovers. They provide valuable steels to be offered straight to their consumers.
Started by Trevor Gerszt in 2006, Goldco’s head office is located in Timberland Hills, California.
Given that their founding, Goldco has been providing precious metals services to their customers, helping them secure, secure, as well as expand their investments and also riches.
The company has actually gotten recognition from different magazines. In 2015, it was named by Inc. Publication as the 3rd fastest-growing financial services firm in the united state
Furthermore, it was additionally named by the Los Angeles Service Journal as the 17th fastest-growing firm in the greater L.A. location.
Goldco Providers
Goldco focuses on both gold and silver Individual retirement accounts. These are the 3 major services that it can offer to its clients.
Priceless Metals IRA
To be qualified for Goldco’s Priceless Metals IRA, you should have made an earnings and should be under age 70 as well as fifty percent. Goldco both supplies silver and gold IRAs.
Following the Internal revenue service regulations, Goldco shops its IRA valuable steels with a third event, modern vault.
For its individual retirement account custodian, Goldco utilizes Equity Trust Company.
Non-IRA Valuable Metals
Unlike the IRA Precious Metals option, any person can purchase any non-IRA Precious Metals without satisfying any type of required age or income.
As soon as you have actually acquired precious metals, you have the option to have them saved in a safe safe, or delivered directly to your home.
Goldco client reviews and also issues
Among the areas Goldco takes satisfaction in is its customer care. They take their client service seriously, and clients feel it from when they choose to engage the company when opening an account and long after.
The company obtains 5-star ratings for costs, pricing, online reputation, solution, and experience.
Customers get lifetime white-glove solution, accessibility to an exceptional buyback program, several storage space alternatives, a 5% refund in steel on orders over $50,000, and a fee waiver for the very first year for orders over $50,000.
Generally, responses from Goldco financiers is positive. The majority of customers seem satisfied with the services and products provided by the firm. In August 2020, Goldco became a recognized company by obtaining the BBB score with a TrustScore of 4.7/ 5 based upon responses obtained from greater than 500 investors. Thus far, there are no registered complaints about the company on the Consumer Financial Defense Bureau.
Clients additionally share their excitement with the way Goldco manages its documents. The firm personally takes care of all paperwork required when registering for a Gold IRA account. This way, the client does not have to get in touch with individual retirement account custodians or storage centers.
Unfavorable customer reviews
Most of the unfavorable testimonials concerning Goldco originate from a misconception of value computations and how the rare-earth elements market runs.
Significantly, the most usual issue regarding Goldco has to do with the value of collectible coins. Most people do not understand that the worth of collectible coins is noted in the melt worth. This refers to the value of steel if it is thawed. This indicates that the coin value is not a reflection of the present market value, which is the value of the solid coin.
When consumers understand the distinction in value allocation, a lot of unfavorable reviews are modified to favorable higher rating reviews. This goes to reveal that there are no adverse evaluations on Goldco yet because a lot of them originate from a misunderstanding on the investor’s component, for which the company is greater than delighted to make clear.
Goldco precious metals services
Goldco uses a vast array of precious metal brokerage firm solutions, operating within the IRS standards. In addition to its brokerage firm services, the business likewise buys rare-earth elements and also markets them in the market.
Several of the items offered include:
• Gold IRA– Goldco uses Gold individual retirement account solutions. They lead on the offered alternatives for buying gold.
• Silver individual retirement account– if you want buying silver, Goldco has the know-how to guide you with the process of opening and also managing a silver IRA account.
• 401k rollover– Goldco uses rollover solutions for anyone thinking about transferring their 401k right into a rare-earth element IRA.
• Roth as well as conventional IRA planning– Goldco can compare traditional and Roth IRA and also aid in rollovers.
• Simple IRA preparation– Goldco uses simple IRA account opening guidance, ensuring you comprehend the regulations for simple Individual retirement accounts.
• SEP IRA Planning– Goldco has the know-how to supply clarifications on SEP IRAs, consisting of payment limits as well as eligibility needs.
Who has GoldCo Direct?
Trevor Gerszt is the creator as well as CEO of Goldco, a precious metals dealership situated in LA concentrating on developing riches with protection by buying gold for retired life or other possessions like stocks with greater prospective returns. Offering an array of investment accounts so you can pick how much to handle based upon what’s suitable for your convenience as well as local legislation, GoldCo straight has actually been named among Inc 500’s top 5 providers over the last 20 years.
What does GoldCo do?
If you are trying to find a risk-free financial investment with among the most trusted individual retirement account companies in the sector, GoldCo is for you.
GoldCo is one of the fastest-growing acclaimed gold dealers in America, yet they are not like most other companies. GoldCo provides clients precious metals individual retirement account solutions through which they can surrender their existing IRAs, 401( K) and also 401 (b) account into a new account with GoldCo so they can buy precious metals individual retirement account.
Why should you choose to spend your retirement financial savings in an IRA that invests only in precious metals like gold or silver?
For starters, it is essential to expand your profile as well as protect versus rising cost of living. The worth of paper money had actually decreased by more than 95% considering that 1913, when the Federal Get was developed! Investing in physical gold will aid guard your hard-earned wealth from this devaluation. You might also desire to take into consideration investing some of your retired life funds right into silver or platinum as well since these two metals have actually historically been good hedges against inflation as well as being terrific investments in their own.
Gold Investing Guide Pdf
With a GoldCo Priceless Metals IRA, you never require to fret about market volatility or fluctuations since all 3 types of steel are backed by real possessions– unlike supplies and also bonds, which rely upon confidence in that firm alone!
2. AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
What is Augusta Priceless Metals?
Augusta Precious Metals exists as a family-owned as well as rare-earth elements dealer and gold individual retirement account companies that has near to half a century of experience in business. This is a business that is truly-service oriented, and also is trusted by hundreds of American patriots. It is one that a considerable variety of individuals have selected as a relied on companion in their trip in the direction of the creation of wealth, and in guaranteeing that their retirement years are sorted by spending through gold Individual retirement accounts.
This business has been assisting these financiers to open up self-directed precious metals Individual retirement accounts, in addition to to buy gold and silver in bargains that are not associated with the opening of the SDIRAs.
Exactly how to Open Your Valuable Metals IRA account on Augusta Priceless Metals?
Opening your IRA with this business happens to be quite simple. You can attain it within 3 easy and also simple steps.
If anything, you can get the advice of an agent that are knowledgeable with IRA opening. The representatives typically help consumers who connect to them to make IRS-approved choices that will help them achieve their investment goals. The selections remain in the type of silver and gold coins that are minted by prominent mints and also treasury departments. Here are three actions that you have to adhere to:
Open up an account/ self-directed individual retirement account- Augusta Precious Metals generally advises that you collaborate with any of the following custodians:
Equity Trust
Goldstar Count on
Kingdom Trust
The above-listed firms are a few of the most effective ones that you will locate on the market, owing to their high degree of stability, along with conformity.
Sending cash to your account– You can do this by moving some money from your bank account, or by making a gold individual retirement account rollover from your existing individual retirement account.
Purchasing gold and silver– You will eventually be requested to get silver and gold for the recently created individual retirement account. The rare-earth elements are generally saved inside a facility that is guaranteed.
Augusta Precious Metals normally offers both silver and gold, in various types of precious metals such as bullions and bars.
Pros
When we walked around searching for the most effective gold IRA business, there were many points we searched for. To begin with, was product knowledge as well as experience (in this situation rare-earth elements). We have yet to discover a business that mosts likely to the level of education that this company does, and that displays in the client satisfaction rankings we’ve located around the web.
Gold Investing Guide Pdf
Education And Learning and also Customer Fulfillment
Augusta Priceless Metals lays wonderful emphasis on customer education and learning and fulfillment. They have a collection which contains 5 detailed posts on different topics such as rising cost of living, defense, reliable diversity and also the benefits of owning silver and also gold.
Their web site has a resource and also tools food selection filled with present information in the marketplace nad graphes for precious metals costs. An additional major advantage of Augusta Priceless Metals is that they provide affordable price for a lot of their precious metals besides waiving costs on precious metals IRAs. It additionally uses cost-free shipping to all of its clients.
Storage space as well as Buyback program
Augusta Precious Metal collaborates with International Depository Solution (IDS) and also Brinks Global Providers for their gold and silver storage. This suggests the firm is keen on giving its customers with high-grade services by linking them to reputable business in the country. The storage companies generally run in Ontario, The Golden State, Utah, Delaware, Idaho and also New York City.
Augusta Rare-earth elements additionally provides its customers the option of selling back their bought products If you previously acquired Gold or Silver from them, you can still resell it at a competitive cost. You will certainly not discover such sort of deals with the majority of the precious metal dealers.
Investment items
Augusta Valuable Metals is proud in the type of financial investment items it offers to its clientele that contain silver as well as gold bullion coins as well as bars. There are likewise different groups of rare-earth elements that you can pick from.
They, however, do not have palladium and platinum– but can still organize them for customers that are interested. The firm also supplies a wide range of costs collectable silver and gold coins.
Augusta Precious Metals charges
Some precious metals have a higher volatility price contrasted to others. It is therefore crucial to speak to the firm on the rates of the sort of product you want prior to initiating the acquisition. A consumer has to make a minimal financial investment of at the very least $5,000 to start trading silver and also gold at Augusta Priceless Metals. There is nonetheless no maximum financial investment.
Disadvantages
Although Augusta Precious Metals has a lot of good ideas to provide to its clients, among the disadvantages is that you can only spend released the gold company with a goal to aid American investors diversify their retirement cost savings right into physical silver and gold. One location where this company sticks out from some competitors is their commitment to education and openness.
Devlyn Steele, the business’s Supervisor of Education leads a team committed only to informing Americans about the value of diversity in alternative assets. While most rare-earth elements business have actually academic resources located on their corporate site, Augusta creates individually seminars with individuals that request their gold IRA overviews and also information packages. This method of independently informing each possible customer is unique to what we see supplied by a few of their competition.
Joe Montana – Celeb Recommendation
Several gold IRA dealers include celebrity recommendations in their advertising and marketing initiatives. Birch Gold Group has Ben Shapiro. Goldco Valuable Metals has Chuck Norris on their group. Augusta Rare-earth elements now has NFL Hall-of-Fame quarterback Joe Montana. It is important to keep in mind however, that Joe Montana was a client of Augusta Gold prior to advising the company.
Intrigued in shielding his very own nest egg from financial uncertainty, Montana asked his group of financial experts to research study gold dealers as well as discover a business that he can rely on. After executing due diligence, they suggested he work with Augusta Precious Metals.
Joe Montana requested their information kit and also spoke to Devlyn Steele. He wound up purchasing gold and silver via the firm, had a favorable experience with the company, as well as eventually became their representative.
Products and Services
Augusta Priceless Metals is mainly a gold individual retirement account firm. The meat of their business concentrates on helping Americans rollover or transfer 401( k) or individual retirement account funds right into precious metals. They do nevertheless, additionally promote direct purchases with delivery to customers throughout precious metals such as platinum and palladium, but can promote these financial investments if the customer demands them.
Exactly how Does a Gold Individual Retirement Account Work?
When opening up a gold IRA, there are usually three events entailed. If you determine to collaborate with Augusta, your situation would certainly appear like this:
the Gold IRA firm (Augusta PM).
the self-directed IRA custodian (Equity Trust).
the third-party safe storage space business (Delaware Depository or Brinks). In short, a lot of conventional IRA or 401( k) custodians can not assist in alternative investments like physical silver and gold. So you can not just buy gold and also have them supplied to your employer-sponsored retirement account.
This need to be managed through a self-directed individual retirement account (SDIRA).
Gold Investing Guide Pdf
The IRS also bans straight property of individual retirement account financial investments – so you need a third party gold depository or safe storage space business in order to get rare-earth elements without activating a taxable occasion …
Augusta Priceless Metals has established partnerships with Equity Trust and Brinks or the Delaware Vault for storage. While they can deal with the custodian as well as safe business of your choice, the supplier collaborates with these 2 companies on a daily basis, making the entire process streamlined as well as basic.
3. NOBLE GOLD
Noble Gold Evaluation
With Noble Gold, customers obtain an IRA rollover procedure that’s conveniently combined with experienced recommendations on just how to buy precious metals. By consulting with various other financial experts in the market, they have the ability to give a variety of services to help their clients.
Noble Gold likewise has a buyback program, through which clients are given the choice to offer their shares back to the business if they so choose. This includes a “No-Quibble” component of it, implying you won’t have any type of problem offering their shares if that’s the very best investment decision for them.
With their fast and also very easy IRA established, clients can see their retired life savings start growing immediately. As well as with shipment services straight to your house or PO box, every deal and communication with the firm is made as hassle-free as possible.
Noble Gold’s IRA Characteristics
With Noble Gold, the procedure of rolling over an IRA for gold as well as various other precious metals could not be less complicated. The arrangement takes marginal time to complete, as well as experienced professionals exist to stroll you via every step of the way.
A gold individual retirement account rollover includes relocating your pension over to a self-directed individual retirement account. These types of IRAs are particularly created to hold physical gold as well as other sorts of precious metals.
These are IRS-approved vaults shown to keep your financial investments safeguard.
Noble Gold uses Individual retirement accounts that help you produce a more varied plan for retired life via the financial investment of gold.
An all-round retirement is vital for anybody who wishes to make certain that they’ll have the ways to sustain themselves and their liked ones pleasantly via retired life.
The process usually begins with a straightforward kind that’s offered online. You can complete as much of the form as you really feel comfy with – it doesn’t have to be filled in completely or perfectly prior to sending it in.
If there are any kind of concerns or more inquiries, a Noble Gold representative will be in touch to finish the process. Or, if on-line forms aren’t your style, you can always phone Noble Gold straight and speak with a genuine person immediately.
With the help of a representative, you’ll be walked through various rare-earth element options, all of which are accepted for IRA financial investments by the IRS. Gold IRAs can be moneyed with money or rolled over from an individual retirement account or pension you already have.
Gold IRAs are unique from various other Individual retirement accounts due to the nature of their storage space needs. With their collaboration with the International Depository Solutions and also insurance coverage through Lloyd’s of London, Noble Gold supplies satisfaction for your investments.
With accessibility to an on the internet account offered by Equity Institutional that’s private and also safe and secure, capitalists have access to their holdings at any moment.
This freedom to look at your investments at any time of day is a huge part of the peace of mind that Noble Gold uses its clients.
Gold Investing Guide Pdf
Royal Survival Packs
With this choice, Noble Gold supplies clients with a mix of rare-earth elements that have been selected particularly with their unique needs in mind.
Royal Survival Packs have the advantage of maintaining their value also throughout occasions of widespread disaster.
Noble Gold is among the initial gold individual retirement account business to offer this kind of item that has emergency response specifically in mind.
Royal Survival Loads
By applying the experience of highly educated precious metal experts, your combination of holdings is curated to have the highest possible worth as well as be finest matched for your financial investment requirements.
These types of financial investments are important in case of an extensive catastrophe due to the fact that they can be made use of as money in those circumstances.
This combination of the most typical ranges of bullion, silver, and also gold is accessible to the owner at a moment’s notification, which is essential in case of a disaster.
The Precious Metals Hedge
Silver and gold have actually long been viewed as an obvious rising cost of living hedge, but prices have actually stayed stubbornly in place for virtually a year.
Both metals rallied early throughout the coronavirus crisis, yet they have actually been stagnant for near a year.
Some investors see a possible separate in between present inflation patterns and the rate of gold and silver, and many people are including rare-earth elements to their portfolio in hopes that they’ll remain in an outstanding setting if the market starts to worry.
Nevertheless, if the dollar collapses, do you really assume you can sell your gold ETF and also pull out money?
Worst yet, some scammy business don’t also permit you to take physical belongings of “your” supposed silver and gold assets.
The alternative is to get and also store the metals on your own.
Acquiring physical priceless steels has its very own collection of obstacles, not the least of which is tax-related.
You usually can not write off physical gold purchases, as well as missing those reductions could cost you a whole lot at tax time.
The second most considerable issue is security due to the fact that you require to safeguard your physical gold once you buy it.
Prices can include safes, insurance policy, electronic cameras, firearms, or whatever else you require to protect your financial investment from criminals that would be more than pleased to alleviate you of your precious metals.
This is why many decide to store their rare-earth elements with reputable precious metals individual retirement account firms, Like Noble Gold.
Is Noble Gold Legit?
Noble Gold is a recognized company with an outstanding track record of straightforward service practices.
On its website, Noble boasts that it is the # 1 relied on gold IRA company in the united state, as well as it has numerous first-class testimonials to sustain the case.
Noble Gold has a virtually best five-star score on Customer Affairs.
Plus, the Better Business Bureau gives it an A- ranking with a BBB Accredited Service seal of approval too.
The business has actually additionally been included on established media outlets like Fox Information Radio and the Next Information Network.
Consumer examines report exceptional solution experiences with Noble Gold’s team.
Noble Gold Is Different than Other Gold IRA Firms
The rare-earth element sector is understood for high-pressure sales strategies, but we didn’t see any Noble Gold evaluates that complained regarding it.
There are lots of scams in the precious metals world, but you do not need to fret about getting swindled with this business.
This is a genuine firm with a considerable set of luxury customer recommendations as well as an excellent BBB ranking.
One thing makes sure, Noble Gold isn’t a fraud.
Noble Gold Investments FAQs
Does Noble Gold provide house delivery?
Noble Gold has seen an increase popular for residence delivery of gold purchases worldwide.
While we suggest storing precious metals off-site because of security problems, Noble Gold can ship plans fully covered and guaranteed. A trademark is needed upon invoice so your precious metals will certainly be stolen if a plan is left at the door.
Exactly how do I understand Noble Gold will maintain my rare-earth elements safe in the vault?
A deserving partner of Noble Gold, IDS offers state-of-the-art, secured rare-earth elements storage. This company is approved by several global metal trading exchanges as well as maintains your silver or gold insured with Lloyd’s of London.
Where does Noble Gold shop Gold individual retirement account financial investments?
Noble Gold shops steel for their consumers with a third-party company called International Depository Solutions. IDS has centers in Texas and also Delaware or Ontario, Canada.
What is Noble Gold Investment’s Precious Metals Buyback program?
As a gold or silver IRA service provider, Noble Gold has an agreement that they will certainly redeem your financial investment if you change your mind. They likewise buy the gold or silver from capitalists who can’t find a purchaser on the competitive markets.
Does Noble Gold Investments sell any kind of precious metals aside from silver and gold?
Yes, Noble Gold also offers platinum and also palladium coins and bars. These are not accepted for an IRA account, yet reps will aid customers with selecting their metals.
Gold Investing Guide Pdf
Essentially:
Noble Gold are relatively brand-new rare-earth elements supplier concentrating on gold and silver IRAs. Although they additionally market bullion for delivery as well as outside of a retirement account, as well as a collection of numismatc and collectible coins– it’s this IRA specialty for which they’re best understood.
This may quickly alter nonetheless, as Noble Gold have begun hefty promo of their “Survival Packs”, taken care of dollar amount steels investments to permit wealth and personal security during a financial situation– and like several other gold IRA suppliers they have actually started assisting customers include cryptocurrencies to their profiles through a sister company Noble IRA.
Website Item & Financial Investment Info
The Noble Gold web site provides plainly signposted details as well as is well outlined in a brochure-like style. All services and products included thorough specifications with choices for visitors to request more details through their kept in mind physical guidebook.
They additionally publish a vast array of educational info, guides, analysis and also market news and also make extremely audio debates for using gold and also other precious metals in any type of diversified portfolio.
4. BIRCH GOLD
What is a precious metal IRA for Birch Gold?
A rare-earth elements individual retirement account, or a gold individual retirement account, is a self-directed IRA (individual retirement account) made to invest in non-traditional financial investments like precious metal coins, bars, and also rounds. This kind of account has actually been able to conserve millions for individual capitalists.
Conventional investment companies can not supply physical gold and silver for a purchaser as part of a retired life profile. One of the major issues about traditional retired life investment firm is the limitations place on the purchaser.
These retirement plans permit the financier to set aside a section of their earnings for financial investment in gold bullion bars, silver bullion coins, or other types of rare-earth elements without paying tax obligations on the profits till they take out those funds upon retired life.
In this Birch Gold Team testimonial, we take a look at the business, its offerings, what we suched as, what we did not such as and whether we would or would certainly not use it to invest in gold or a gold-backed individual retirement account.
Who is Birch Gold Group?
Established in 2003 and headquartered in Burbank, CA, Birch Gold Team is an online-based firm that offers individuals a possibility to get or sell gold for investment purposes. The business markets gold, platinum, palladium and silver for either physical position or a placement in IRA.
Clients might also select to purchase rare-earth elements and also make use of these to give them a stable and trusted investment for their retirement.
Among Birch Gold Group’s main objectives is to secure investors from rising cost of living, which is an inescapable circumstance caused by an unsteady economy or various other uncertain circumstances in the market.
What Does Birch Gold Deal?
Birch Gold allows financiers to select from the business’s varied product and services consisting of bullion, coins, IRA rollover solutions as well as physical rare-earth elements.
As an example, the business’s coin collection features gold and silver coins that are gotten from reliable sources in the USA and also in Canada. These consist of the American Eagle, Indian Head Eagle and also the Canadian Maple Leaf bullion as well as coins.
Rating solutions made use of by the firm include the ones offered by Numismatic Assurance Firm as well as the Specialist Coin Grading Solution for the appropriate evaluation of the coins’ credibility, rare-earth element web content, weight as well as condition.
Birch Gold Group offers their items at wholesale and also retail markets after acquiring them wholesale.
The firm assists secure their customers’ financial investments via comprehensive education and learning and assistance essential to their success. There are additionally rollover services provided, which can money customers’ IRA from their 401K.
Birch Gold Group Is Legitimate
Off, when it comes to the leading precious steels dealers in the U.S.A., Birch Gold Group has constantly rated in our Top 3 for over 5 years currently. One important point to remember is that they are Valuable Metals individual retirement account professionals, that is their major focus and also is what they’re best at.
Birch Gold Group is definitely not a fraud, actually, rather the contrary. They are just one of the most reputable precious metals dealerships in business. There are no recognized pending legal actions presently. There may be a number of problems submitted on rating firm sites, however this is typical with any firm, specifically considering the multitude of clients they have which the favorable client evaluates much outweigh the problems.
For example, on the Bbb website, they have had only 8 issues in the last 3 years, all of which have actually been resolved by the company and closed out. This also recommends the high worth they position on clients by putting in the time to try and also deal with any type of problems.
Going into the year 2021, they’ll have been in business for 18 years, making them one of the oldest as well as most experienced in the sector. They’re popular for their first-rate customer onboarding, education, as well as openness. This implies you’ll understand what all the charges are prior to moving on. They really are among one of the most trustworthy out there.
They have talked to the top sector believed leaders including Steve Forbes, Jim Rogers, as well as Peter Schiff. Their product offerings contain both direct cash money purchases (with physical distribution) and also the ability to surrender eligible tax-deferred retirement savings plans to a Priceless Metals individual retirement account, consisting of the following:
Conventional, SEP, Roth, as well as Easy IRAs
Employer-sponsored 401( k) and 403( b).
Both avenues supply the capacity to purchase gold, silver, palladium, as well as platinum; readily available in the form of bullion coins, rounds, and also bars.
Birch Gold Group’s most recent offering extends just an additional testament to just how they are remaining appropriate as well as on the reducing side regarding cutting-edge products that mix the traditional money world with the emerging FinTech industry.
What is Right for You?
Everyone must make their own option when it comes to buying rare-earth elements or picking to open a gold individual retirement account. There are a variety of options, and also clearly Birch Gold Group has a number of to provide.
Those that are new to investing in precious metals or those who are experienced will certainly locate that dealing with Birch Gold Team is inconvenience complimentary, and also the agents you work with will happily take their time to make certain that they help you comprehend the procedure.
While every company has their pros and cons, Birch Gold Team has more pros.
We provide a ranking of 4.8 out of 5 stars for their determination to enlighten their clients, give valuable content, and also offer special offers and affordable charges for deals.
Birch Gold Team uses investment minimums for a variety of budgets. They also make it an indicate share beneficial insight right into that is an excellent client for their firm. Getting precious metals as well as opening up a gold IRA is not for everyone.
Making the effort to examine their web site will help you understand whether or not these alternatives are best for your portfolio. Birch Gold Team is forthright concerning aiding individuals think of their retired life and getting ready for their future.
What makes Birch Gold Team distinct is their capability to maintain their acknowledgment as a market specialist and maintain their record of offering excellent client service. They have come to be a household name making them the trustworthy selection for rare-earth elements.
On the whole, those that are trying to find alternatives to purchase rare-earth elements or explore opening up a gold individual retirement account can feel great regarding giving Birch Gold Team the chance to serve them.
Constantly take the time to study rare-earth elements firms online prior to you make a decision. Every person has a distinct financial placement and terrific care ought to be absorbed investigating companies that supply precious metals for physical purchase, storage space, as well as gold IRA’s.
Lastly, make a checklist of your monetary goals in the meantime and also make a note of your long-term vision. Make the effort to list all of the concerns you have pertaining to the rare-earth elements market, including getting, storage space, as well as opening up an IRA gold account.
Rare-earth element IRA accounts are moneyed with rare-earth elements. The benefits are constantly kept in the most effective passion of the client, and they while they do function in different ways from conventional IRA’s, they work the exact same.
Keep in mind that a gold individual retirement account is various from a traditional individual retirement account. This indicates that rollovers might not be allowed, and that charges might also differ relying on your personal degree of financial investment.
Those that wish to diversify will locate that Birch Gold Group is an excellent choice. This also implies that individuals who are seeking a tax-deferred financial investment alternative will certainly take advantage of dealing with Birch Gold Group.
Just you can decide if collaborating with Birch is right for you. Look for the recommend of those you trust including family and friends, as well as any person that has sound experience in collaborating with the rare-earth elements industry.
While the mainstream media may trigger you to fear your financial scenario, bear in mind that you can constantly seek sensible guidance from many experts before you join the populated line.
Today’s economic situation calls for a fresh look at just how cash functions, and a factor to take into consideration various other alternatives outside of paper money. The value of the united state buck remains to vary, and although there is a lot of discuss cryptocurrency, it is necessary to take a look at precious metals.
At the end of the day, why should you put a long time and also energy into investigating rare-earth elements? The history of how currency jobs will assist you see that rare-earth elements works the reverse of paper currency.
When paper currency is no longer of value, gold will certainly be gold no matter where you remain in the world. It is necessary that you start considering your options today, and also it is very important that you call Birch Gold Group with any kind of inquiries that you have so you can do something about it.
The economic situation is switching on its head, and also it remains to change every day. If you desire outstanding customer service and also a firm that relies on following up with you to guarantee that you obtain the greatest, you should make Birch Gold Group your option.
Undoubtedly you won’t regret a minimum of taking the first step to get in touch with the company to learn more concerning just how they can help you in intending an extremely thriving future for you and your family members with the help of purchasing precious metals, the ability to keep them, and opening up a gold individual retirement account.Garbage Pickup in Arundel, ME
Reliable garbage pickup in Arundel, ME or the surrounding area, is extremely important, so having a company you can trust makes all the difference. Casella provides residents with either temporary or regular solid waste control including garbage pickup in Arundel, ME that is reliable and easy on the environment. Simply contact Casella now to receive a price quote on our garbage pickup in Arundel, ME.
Casella Garbage Pickup in Arundel, ME: High-Quality Service, Affordable Pricing
Our services and garbage pickup in Arundel, ME works with your schedule because we work with you to create a personalized routine that meets your waste control needs. Casella offers weekly pickups or customized waste and recycling programs to make waste control easier.. It's this hands on approach that sets Casella apart from other companies offering garbage pickup in Arundel, ME.
Ready to get started? Simply fill out our online form or call us today at 207-550-0898 to find out more.
The value of choosing Casella goes far beyond our competitive garbage pickup in Arundel, ME..Sunday, February 3, 2013
Health Benefits Of Nettle
Holistic Remedies:
The stinging nettle (which is called ortie in France and Brennessel in Germany) was said to be introduced into Britain by Caesar's soldiers. They sowed it along the sides of the great straight roads; both the roads and the nettles survive. At the end of a day's march the cooler climate of England and the.'
Research by Dr Keeser found that the nettle could reduce the blood sugar level. The juice is often good for nervous eczema. The White Dead Nettle (Lamium album) although similar in appearance belongs to a completely different botanical family, but it acts as an astringent and is also effective for diarrhea.
Kevin Pederson has been managing a number of natural home remedies websites which have information on all the natural and home made remedies with the value and benefits of Nettle.
View the Original article
#1 Publisher of Alternative Cancer Treatments
Posted by L. G. Nelson at 4:47 AM
I used to be suggested this blog by way of
my cousin. I am now not sure whether or not this submit is written by
him as no one else recognise such unique about my difficulty.
You are wonderful! Thank you!
Take a look at my web site ; Hemorrhoid treatments
Αmazing blοg! Dο уou have any hіntѕ for аspiring
wrіters? І'm planning to start my own blog soon but I'm a little lost on eveгything.
Woulԁ you ρroρose ѕtаrtіng with
а free ρlatfоrm likе Wordρгess οr go fοr a paid
οption? Τhere aге sо mаnу oρtiοns out there that I'm totally overwhelmed .. Any recommendations? Thank you! just click the following article
Hurгah! After all Ι got a wеblog fгom where I can
reаlly get valuable іnformation сoncеrning my study and knοwledgе.
how to play guitar by ear
Wow, ωondегful blog layout!
How lengthy have yоu еvеr been running a blog fοr?
you made bloggіng glance easу. The full loοk of your ѕitе
is excellent, as well as thе content!
click the up coming siteAIIMS Nursing Exam – Image Based Nursing Quiz
Total Quiz Questions=21
Mark/Question= 5
Total Marks=105
Best Of Image Based Nursing Quiz for AIIMS Nursing Exam Preparation.
You must try these nursing questions and answers before appearing any nursing interview, staff nurse exam or nursing school exam. It will be helpful for both nurses and student nurses.
Thank You, Please Subscribe for All Upcoming Questions Series or You can Comment below your Email address get all updates in your mail inboxJ1.3
Seeing the world through a political lens: the connection between weather and climate change perceptions and beliefs
Seeing the world through a political lens: the connection between weather and climate change perceptions and beliefs
Monday, 18 January 2010: 11:45 AM
B216 (GWCC)
In this presentation we explore the U.S. public's beliefs and understanding of global climate change, and relate these elements to instrumentally observed and perceived weather changes while accounting for demographics and political ideology. A model of these relationships is presented and hypotheses linking perceived weather and climate change beliefs are tested. Additionally, methods for relating perceptions and observations of weather as well as beliefs and knowledge of global climate change are discussed. The data are based on three annual nationwide surveys conducted in May and June, 2007, 2008, and 2009 enumerating in approximately 1500 participants each year.2-4 Weeks Lead-Time
Stacked Donut Side Table – Black Iris
By Bari Ziperstein
$5,500.
Stacked Donut Side Table – Black Iris
By Bari Ziperstein
$5,500.00
Technical Specifications
Designer
Lead Time
2-4 Weeks
Origin
United States
Production
One of a Kind
Date
2021
Materials
Stoneware and glaze.
Dimensions
Dia. 16" x H 19"Kris McDermott
Graduated with a degree in Theatre Arts & English; “Professor of English at Central Michigan University, teaching Shakespeare and Renaissance Drama. I’ve edited a collection of court dramas, Masques of Difference: Four Court Masques by Ben Jonson (Univ. of Manchester Press, 2007), and a picture book for young readers, William Shakespeare: His Life and Times (Templar/Candlewick, 2010).”
“When I began studying Shakespeare as a graduate student at UCLA, my all-around theatre background propelled me into using performance to teach the plays, both in the classroom and out of it in amateur productions. I always tell my students that Drama is the ideal college major – it teaches you project management, public speaking, text analysis, design principles, practical skills like sewing, carpentry, electrical, and painting – and you make friends that will last your entire life!”
“In 1980, we were visited by a touring company from the Royal Shakespeare Company. The time we spent with these amazing actors was one of the best moments of many in my four years as a Theatre Arts major. The group included Cheri Lunghi and Dame Judi Dench’s brother Jeffery. Matt Williams (‘81) was directing a student production of the Noel Coward play Hay Fever at the time, and the RSCers were kind enough to coach us on our very bad English accents – and not make fun of them! I was also one of the first theatre hockey ‘wenches’ and confess to being one of the actors present onstage for the infamous accidental ‘What the Butler Saw’ pantsing in Professor Oney’s memory.”Something to write home about
“This must be how it feels for you to use Facebook.”
This I type in a letter to my grandparents back home in Southern Alberta, who have kept up with the times and kept tabs on their grandchildren through this social media site.
Using a method of correspondence that’s very foreign to me, and after multiple typos, a few trials in error in creating an exclamation mark, and figuring out simple skills like how to start a new line of text (there’s no return key!), I have somewhat successfully completed my very first letter by typewriter, at the Something to Write Home About workshop, a summer series at Gingko and Ink Atelier.
“It’s a neat way to stay in touch with your friends and family, because it’s not as if we regularly print out our e-mails,” said Claire Wilkinson, president of the Banff Snail Mail Society,
“There’s nothing like someone’s own animation of something, and you can do so many more things to make it creative. To find an envelope with a letter or a postcard inside your mailbox is a great feeling.”
It is an interesting and unique experience, especially as a journalist, as I imagine producing the very article I’m writing now using this machine — the entire perfection of a piece could be thrown askew by the simple slip of a finger.
“If you make a spelling mistake it doesn’t have auto correct, it doesn’t have spell-check, but when you have to go back and ‘x’ out a word or a sentence, it does add character to the letters,” said Wilkinson.
About 15 different typewriters are placed throughout the shop, with intricate papers adorning the walls and sunlight streaming through the window that is lined with a row of purple orchids. It truly is a space to escape, reflect and write.
“The shop at Gingko and Ink is interesting and inspiring in itself, in that there’s so many different ideas surrounding you for what you can create — whether it’s a letter or whether you’re writing a collection of poems or you’re doing up recipes to stick in a cookbook — your imagination is the limit,” said Wilkinson.
The typewriters range from bright purple and orange to shiny black, producing text in classic black typewriter font to green cursive script. Wilkinson said that the typewriters had been collected from all over the world; Mexico, garden stores in Australia, the closet of a Parks Canada office and one even recovered by the town’s garbage collectors.
“It was all grubby and covered in dirt, but it was so satisfying to bring it home, change out the ribbon, clean it all up and test it out,” said Wilkinson.
“They all operate the same and they’re pretty easy to work. You don’t need a degree in electronics to figure out how to get it going.”
Wilkinson originally ran the workshop at the Banff Public Library every Thursday starting in 2009. With its popularity and requests for a longer amount of time to type, the workshop was moved to Gingko and Ink three weeks ago.
“Last week, we had some people writing to England and Switzerland, and that’s something that I really like about it,” said Wilkinson, “the fact that people are coming and using the workshop as an opportunity to write home, wherever that may be, and talk about their experiences here in Banff.”
The workshop costs $10 plus tax and runs every Thursday 5-8 p.m. at the Gingko and Ink Atelier at 111 Banff Ave Harmony Lane. Pre-registration is recommended and can be done by calling 403-762-3855.
tera.swanson@sunmedia.caRICHMOND, Va. (WJHL) — Southwest Virginia reported 117 net new COVID-19 cases Wednesday according to the Virginia Department of Health (VDH).
142 cases were reported in total, including 34 in Buchanan County, but Russell County saw an adjustment downward of 25 cases and 4 hospitalizations.
New hospitalizations reported included three in Buchanan County and one each in Dickenson and Washington counties.
Buchanan County also reported the only death in the nine-county News Channel 11 viewing area.
Wednesday’s reporting brought the rolling seven-day average of new COVID cases to 224 per 100,000 residents in the region. Even with that drop from 245 Tuesday the area remains high above the state average of 106.
A wide variation now exists among area counties, with Lee and Russell counties now both below the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) “high transmission” threshold of 100 new weekly cases.
Lee County is at 90 and Russell at 60 after Wednesday’s adjustment.
On the other end of the spectrum, Buchanan County is at 424 following 56 new cases over the past two days.
Wise County (including Norton) has seen a steady number of cases that have kept its rate well above 300. The 37 cases reported Wednesday was the highest total in a week and leaves Wise at 372.
Smyth, Scott and Dickenson counties all have rates in the 200s, while Washington and Tazewell counties are at 179 and 187 respectively.
Area hospitalization rates remain well above state averages. The seven-day rolling average of 24.2 per 100,000 population is more than quadruple the state rate of 5.0.
That figure includes 30 cases reported Oct. 28, a number that will roll off Thursday and likely send that rate downward significantly.
The death rate regionally is at its lowest seven-day rolling average since late September – 5.5 for the second straight day — but remains more than double the state figure of 2.6.
Statewide, VDH reported 690,978 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the Commonwealth on Nov. 3.
According to VDH, the total number of confirmed and probable cases is 930,679.
VDH reports there have been 11,800,284 cases / 174 hospitalizations / 47 deaths (5 new cases)
Buchanan County – 2,492 cases / 149 hospitalizations / 64 deaths (34 new cases, 3 new hospitalizations, 1 new death)
Dickenson County – 1,678 cases / 60 hospitalizations / 27 deaths (2 new cases, 1 new hospitalization)
Lee County – 3,728 cases / 139 hospitalizations / 60 deaths (2 new cases)
Norton – 582 cases / 29 hospitalizations / 13 deaths (2 new cases)
Russell County – 3,787 cases / 154 hospitalizations / 64 deaths (-25 new cases, -4 new hospitalizations)
Scott County – 3,197 cases / 166 hospitalizations / 78 deaths (9 new cases)
Smyth County – 4,941 cases / 316 hospitalizations / 119 deaths (13 new cases)
Tazewell County – 5,759 cases / 221 hospitalizations / 107 deaths (19 new cases)
Washington County, Va. – 7,661 cases / 610 hospitalizations / 148 deaths (21 new cases, 1 new hospitalization)
Wise County – 5,444 cases / 230 hospitalizations / 129 deaths (35 new cases)
For full coverage of the entire Commonwealth of Virginia, click HERE.Women's Crossbody Bag in Cowhide Double Leather color Red - BCR015
HK$2,700.00
2 Colors
Product code BCR015PV0001RE163B
Material: Cowhide Double Leather
Color: Red. Unlined..Fountains, statues, garden gnomes, bird baths… most of us have some kind of ornament or feature in our garden to add that finishing touch. But while you are admiring the fruits of your labours, have you considered whether they are safe?
The last thing you want is for your statues to fall over or your gnomes to trip people up. Here’s a handy guide to statue and ornament safety in the garden.
Securing Statues Safely
Statues, especially larger ones, should not be free standing. Statues can be made from concrete, cast iron, marble, which are all heavy materials, and would seriously hurt someone if they were to fall.
Invest in a sturdy plinth to set your statue on and fix them firmly together. There are a wide range of adhesives to suit the material of your statue. Ask a professional for his advice and buy a plinth that matches your statue to make the job easier.
If you have a particularly heavy sculpture or the wind is more blustery where you live, you could make your own concrete foundations. To keep your statue looking attractive it’s a good idea to build the foundations partly below the surface of your garden. Then you can drill your holes, use mounting bolts to anchor the statue to its foundations, and it would all remain unseen.
Safely Installing Water features
Fountains are the most critical garden accessory as far as safety is concerned. You have a potentially dangerous combination of electricity and water and it is essential to make sure you have the proper electrical outlets. It’s best to call in a qualified electrician for peace of mind.
Some fountain designs can topple when they are knocked or blown about by strong winds so ensure your fountain has a solid base. If you have small children a decorative fence should be erected to stop them falling in.
Wall fountains need to be firmly fixed to your wall to prevent any risk of them coming away and possibly hurting somebody. Never leave them free standing as they are designed to be attached to a wall.
Consider Bird Bath Safety Too
As with fountains, bird baths need a secure base. If you decide to have running water get an electrician in to connect it up. Plant flowers round the base to make it stand out. A bird bath does not need to have easy access, after all, you’ll be watching the birds from a distance.
Solar Power is Safer
An alternative source of power for any feature with running water is solar power. Some products have an integrated solar panel, some connect to a panel via a cable.
Although this is safer than running a mains cable out into the garden and the voltage levels are lower, you still need to take precautions. Ensure any cable is well buried and that the solar panel cannot be bumped into and you will save money and make your garden safer.
Gnomes and Other Small Ornaments
Draw attention to smaller garden ornaments such as garden gnomes. It’s easy for people who don’t know the layout of your garden to trip over unseen objects. Plant flowers around ornaments to make them more of a feature or elevate them so they can be seen.
Install spotlights to light them up at night, which will make them easy to see as well as adding ambience to your garden. There are all sorts of different lights on the market and they can become a feature in themselves.
Planning Leads to Safety
Think before you decide on your feature as to where it could go and how you can make it as safe as possible. Consider children and visitors to your garden and do everything in your power to protect them.
I have several solar powered gnomes for my garden but I am concerned about water getting into the bottom where the battery and shut off switch are. Should I be worried about this or is there something I can do to prevent this? If anyone has an answer for me I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you, FleeUsing Digi-ID™ with Microsoft® is simple because MS Word & Excel, Outlook & Outlook Express are all x.509 compliant and this means they work seamlessly with Digi-ID™, ‘out of the box’.
Note that Digital Signature facility is available only for Microsoft Office Xp [2002] or higher. Sign a Document Using the Built-in Feature.
NOTE: If you haven't yet saved the document that you want to digitally sign, at this point you will be asked to save it. You won't be able to proceed with the signing until you've saved it.
Figure 3. Selecting a digital certificate for signing.
6. Click OK to close each of the dialog boxes.
Now the document is digitally signed. How would you know? If you look at the name of the document on the top left of the document window, you will find "(Signed)" next to the document name.
Multiple Digital Signatures
NOTE that you can also use more than one digital certificate to sign a document. If you want to do this, repeat step 5 the same number of times as the number of digital certificates used, before continuing to step 6.When it comes to establishing a complete online presence, you should first review your subsisting boring website and design it according to the terminating principles. Just as it’s true that your first stamp is the last stamp, so is yours and it’s really important to hire a professional web design company. No matter how great the website content you have, it’ll only work poorly if its design wasn’t marked. So, a web design plays an important function in defining your corporality. The company you choose should be competent to use the right experience to deliver no casual web development and designing results. If it is necessary to get web design coffs harbour so here are available.
Now, how do you determine if you choose will run your website? Well, behind every successful online business, there’s a well-known Design Company and it’ll help you make the degage choice. The professional web company has a list of features that will help you avoid these amateur losses.
Casual Web Development Company
- Innovative and creative approach having a isn’t enough these days. You just have to be more separating with the help you render toward other people. So do not just settle for any average looking , try to get substance bigger and better instead. When you find such a for your business, suppose about hiring it.
- Search Motor Optimization Requires Time theCompany you hire should specialize in getting your website up and running. Once the design part is done, it’s SEO that’s responsible for the success of your website. A good development company will hire good professionals to help the online visibility of your . You can visit here to get the website design coffs harbour are available from here.
- A freely passable design In addition to creativity, another thing that really matters is whether or not your is freely passable. There’s no point in having a that’s just luring. Everything must be balanced for a successful. So you have to go through different designs to know the capabilities of your disbursement design company.
- Cost-effective design Cost is the biggest factor when hiring a company. It’s important to set your budget and stick to it. Yea if you have thousands of bones to spend, it should be spent wisely. A professional company will always have some packages to suit your requisites and you can choose therefore.
- A seductive portfolio this is the portfolio of a design company that selects it. So, it should be really good in terms of visuals and design, at the same time, it should explain its widespread experience with some of the worlds established outfits. It’ll be a good witness of their trustworthiness and skills. It will be easier to get the coffs harbour website design are here for you.
- Punter-centric approach A company with a punter-centric approach is an ideal choice as it’ll take full responsibility for your system and will be available to you24/7. Working with such a concern won’t only give you the elegant design results but also furnish you with free conserving services.
So, always remember that you’re hiring a design company and paying for its services and that’s why you should be concerned about its professional calibers. You can visit xomgiaitri.comAbstract
Purpose: To prospectively assess the safety of the PleurX catheter in the management of recurrent ascites in patients with advanced abdominal malignancy and the consequent quality of life among these patients. Materials and Methods: This was a multicenter, prospective study of PleurX catheters implanted between March 2004 and April 2005 for control of nonhepatic abdominal ascites associated with malignancy. A total of 34 subjects were included (age range, 40-81 years; mean age, 64.3 y) who underwent 440 drainage sessions. Subjects kept records of volume and frequency of ascites drainage and recorded any difficulties encountered with use of the device. Subjects assessed symptoms before device insertion and weekly for as long as 12 weeks. Serum laboratory values reflecting overall volume status were tracked. Results: All catheter insertions were successful without major procedural complications. Twenty-nine (85%) required no catheter intervention or separate therapeutic paracentesis during 12 weeks observation or until the patient's death. Three needed a total of 13 interventions to restore catheter function. Before 12 weeks, 26 subjects died. Five discontinued catheter use as a result of catheter function despite the presence of ascites. Ascites resolved in five patients. Bloating and abdominal discomfort were significantly reduced at 2 and 8 weeks (P < .05). At weekly follow-up, 83%-100% of subjects reported their ascites to be well controlled. There were no significant changes in blood chemistry results between baseline and 12 weeks. One case of peritonitis at 10 weeks resolved with antibiotic treatment. Conclusions: In terminally ill patients, PleurX catheter use resulted in improvement of ascites-related discomfort and was associated with low rates of serious adverse clinical events and catheter failure.
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Radiology Nuclear Medicine and imaging
- Cardiology and Cardiovascular MedicineThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is looking for a technology partner to design and build the Earth Prediction Innovation Center (EPIC).
The center will create the world’s most accurate and reliable operational weather forecast model.
Partners need a proven expertise in software engineering, software infrastructure development and delivering support services to government, academic and industry research scientists.
Neil Jacobs, PhD, acting NOAA administrator, said, “Through EPIC, the USA has a unique opportunity to harness the talents of the most brilliant modelers in the world to advance operational global numerical weather prediction. Advancing our operational weather modeling capability will improve forecasts and lead to more resilient communities.”
EPIC is a joint effort across the Weather Enterprise to improve operational modeling by making it easier for developers to collaborate using common modeling infrastructure to improve weather models.
A request for proposals was issued today (Monday, March 23) and applicants have until May 11 to submit proposals.Artwork of the Month - April 2009
Moulin Huet Bay, Guernsey
Artist: William Trost Richards (1833-1905)
Medium: Oil on canvas
Status: Permanent collection
Item No.: GMAG 2002.112 an American landscape style of painting known as Luminism.
Richards was influenced by Weber and consequently also strongly linked with both The Hudson River School and Luminism. He was also one of the first American artists whose work was influenced by the British Pre Raphaelite movement.
Initially Richards was recognized for his landscapes but around 1867 he started to turn to the sea and coastline for inspiration. This painting of Moulin Huet Bay is a prime example of how artists characterized as Luminists approached seascapes, describing a calm sea with intense reflective qualities together with a light-drenched hazy sky. This painting would have resulted from one of Richards' visits to the Island in 1899 or 1902. Richards travelled throughout Europe seeking inspiration for his art, but ultimately returned to the U.S. He died in Newport, Wisconsin in 1905.
Richards' work can be seen in some of the most prestigious galleries and museums in North America such as the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Richards also received the great accolade of being the first American artist to have drawings acquired by The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.✅✅✅ and at the same moment a different sound came from the front of the house, to Lyra’s left.
She couldn’t see the front, but she could see a light sweeping16 across the trees, and she heard a deep crunching18 sound: the sound of tires on gravel19, she guessed. She hadn’t heard the car’s engine at all.✅
2020 Annual Report
The Inland Empire Utilities Agency celebrates over 70 years of innovation, leadership and service to the community while serving as a champion for environmental stewardship in the region. […] Continue Reading
2019 Annual Report
IEUA continues to be recognized for leadership in technology and water management—tackling the water-energy nexus takes the Agency’s leadership role to a new level. IEUA’s renewable portfolio was strategically developed by identifying how available resources, such as wastewater treatment infrastructure and available land, could be applied to incorporate environmentally friendly technologies […] Continue Reading
2018 Annual Report […] Continue Reading
2017 Annual Report
The Inland Empire Utilities Agency (IEUA/Agency) continues to lead the way for innovation, resource management and stewardship. We exemplify the utility mission of maintaining quality resources while mutually promoting environmental awareness. In a world in which water supply is never guaranteed, IEUA makes sustainability, drought resiliency and water resource management top priorities […] Continue Reading
2016 Annual Report
At a time when the State faces uncertain water supply conditions, renewable resource management is imperative. The Inland Empire Utilities Agency (IEUA/Agency) exemplifies the utility mission of maintaining quality resources while mutually promoting environmental awareness […] Continue Reading
2015 Annual Report
In 2015, the Inland Empire Utilities Agency (IEUA/Agency) celebrated its 65th year of service to the Chino Basin.
During the past 65 years, IEUA has served as a shining example of how a small agency can transform into a regional custodian of water resource reliability and resiliency. During this historic drought, it is more important now than ever to uphold that standard of reliability and continue to lead the way in water resource management […] Continue Reading
2014 Annual Report
Water is a precious natural resource that must be used wisely. California’s Water supply is drastically low: rivers and reservoirs are below record lows; precipitation has decreased; and snowpack levels are below average. Due to these record-low water supply conditions, the state of California is facing a drought. California’s dry conditions make it more important now than ever to use water wisely and invest sustainability efforts. Inland Empire Utilities Agency is committed to providing services and programs in order to ensure a reliable water supply for the region […] Continue Reading
2013
2012
2011 Annual Report
The Inland Empire Utilities Agency (IEUA), a municipal water district, was formed in 1950 to supply supplemental water to the Chino Basin. Since then, IEUA has expanded its responsibility to provide industrial and municipal wastewater collection and treatment. IEUA operates four regional water-recycling facilities that treat approximately 60 million gallons of wastewater per day […] Continue Reading
2010 Annual Report
IEUA’s four wastewater facilities currently produce approximately 60 million gallons of recycled water each day that can be used for a variety of non drinking applications including irrigation, industrial use, and replenishing local ground water aquifers. The Inland Empire Regional Recycled Water Project is an aggressive program to expand delivery of high quality recycled water to guarantee that the Chino Basin is protected from future droughts and other water shortages […] Continue Reading
2009 Annual Report
THE INLAND EMPIRE UTILITIES AGENCY was formed in 1950 to supply supplemental water to the Chino Basin. Today, the agency is involved in recycled water distribution, compost, renewable power generation from solar and methane gas, water conservation and water desalination […] Continue Reading(l-r) Cerritos Mayor pro tem Naresh Solanki, Councilwoman Carol Chen and former Cerritos Mayor Bruce Barrows. Solanki and Chen voted to close the Cerritos Sheriff’s station at a Council meeting last week and sources have told HMG-CN that Barrows is in favor of the closing. Photo courtesy trojancandy.com
By Brian Hews
The HMG-CN article published in print and online Friday pertaining to Cerritos Mayor pro tem Naresh Solanki and Councilwoman Carol Chen closing the Cerritos Sheriff’s Station has prompted outrage and anger from Cerritos residents.
Councilman Mark Pulido, a strong supporter of Cerritos Public Safety, posted a picture of the print article on his Facebook page; also many residents have emailed HMG-CN completely outraged about what Chen and Solanki attempted to accomplish using approval of the budget as a bargaining chip.
Many have called for the recall of both City officials.
When Pulido posted the article he asked residents for comments, which released a flood of anger in the form of Facebook posts.
Some of the posts are below:
This is completely unacceptable! There was already a 5-0 vote on this issue at the previous meeting. I don’t understand the motive here. After this and the disclosure of the Summary of Travel Expenses, I’m starting to worry about the actions and behaviors of some members of the Cerritos City Council. I think it behooves all Cerritos residents to pay much closer attention to Council business! Perhaps attending some Council meetings and independent investigations are in order.
This is nuts – can we have a referendum to recall these officials?
One only needs to look at some groups here, like the Cerritos Neighborhood Group, to see that safety and crime is a concern in the area. Seems that more due diligence is prudent before making a sweeping act, and certainly in the right order agreed upon. Further, seems that the council (recently, this year) committed $3 million toward the new museum via the Redevelopment Property Tax Trust Fund, right? Are those funds earmarked for things other than the general budget? Is it (the fund) limited in ways it can contribute on things the budget currently pays for? If not, it seems a misjudgment in allocation of resources.
Wow. Has there been any talk of recalling Chen and Solanki?
Very disappointed!!!
Very curious looks like someone was paid off!
Thanks for always staying on the side of Cerritos residents’ best interests Mark. To hear that this happened is quite worrisome.
This is very disturbing considering most people that I speak with cite having a local Sheriff’s station as a necessity. To remain a city that is both business & family friendly, you have to have adequate security in place. Cutting the Sheriff’s station would be a step towards dismantling what draws most people to live and work here.
A Sheriff Station is essential to keep crime low. It’s absurd to propose closing a Sheriff’s station.
Bro, they need a Sheriff’s station as I got my car broken into once already at the Walmart…. Did not take them long to come and make a report…. More safety patrols needs to be at that shopping center…. One of the Walmart workers mentioned that it does happen a lot at that area…
I was shocked when I read the article yesterday. Who does that? Especially when crime is on the rise nationwide and we are impacted more due to the addition of more businesses at the Mall bringing in more people to our city. Our sheriffs department is very unique for a city our size. Check out their response time. I’m sure if the residents of Cerritos were given the opportunity they would vote a big fat no! What were their real intentions to bring this matter up & in the manner that they did. Beverly Porter, Community Safety Committee member
Wake up Cerritos, we can no longer live in the “bubble”, times have changed. Thanks Mark, for looking out on many occasions. We stay abreast of what’s going on in our City by attending Council meetings or watching the council videos, first hand knowledge rules; secondhand knowledge may come too late.
Mark Pulido thank you for your continued efforts to support our city, our families, our schools, and our recreational facilities. However, without your conscientious, protective endeavors to strengthen the support of our local law enforcement, the aforementioned would not be able to flourish and successfully sustain as they have and continue to do. Please let me know as a parent, Teacher, and taxpayer how our family can help to stand by you and with you.
Mark how does getting rid of our sheriffs make any sense? What about all the latest crimes being committed in our city lately? It’s only going to get worse with out the presence of our own sheriffs. That was one of the main reasons we moved here was because of safety. Cerritos has always been known to be a city that doesn’t mess around when it come to our safety due to our involved community working along with our sheriffs.
The plan or motion to close the Cerritos Sheriff’s station without due diligence and without consultation and/or feedback from the same residents that elected them to the office is a violation of public trust, a manifestation of their arrogance and abuse of authority. Shame on them!!
In situations where seconds may count, its interesting, probably more appalling that elected officials, that are supposed to look after the well being of the people, are choosing to add minutes to the average response times of the sheriffs department. Do city officials need to travel far and wide, spending large sums of money to possibly award city contracts to some outside company? Is there some other way to deal with the budget deficit? Businesses operate on deficits as long as they are able to cover their short term and variable costs, but eventually need to have a plan of true revenue growth to help cover those deficits as the market has already dictated the price it will tolerate for any given product or service.
Agree with Emmanuel Aguirre – Some Council members are abusive with the expenses using the City’s funds. It’s obvious. Eating foods at expensive restaurants, staying in expensive hotels, and unnecessary traveling to other states or cities. Come on ……
With all of the crime notifications in Cerritos we hear just on FB alone, it would seem to me that Cerritos needs to maintain the Sheriff substation here in Cerritos. Wouldn’t the city need to continue providing funds to the Lakewood station if it were to close the Cerritos substation? There are other services that the Cerritos station provides and it’s comforting to know we have officers in our city to maintain the peace and protect our property. I have never trusted Council member Chen. I don’t feel her actions in the past have benefited all citizens of Cerritos. Council member Solanki is new to the council and I gave him the benefit of the doubt to see what he would bring to the city. So far, I have not been very impressed. Either these two need to be voted out of office at the next election or there needs to be a recall election in the very near future.
11 Responses to Cerritos Residents Blast Mayor pro tem Naresh Solanki and Councilwoman Carol Chen for Trying to Close Cerritos Sheriff’s StationEVENT PRODUCTION
Comprehensive services
Full service concert and event production. From the power to the crowd barricade and all the technicalities in-between, we are here for you.
From concept to implementation
INSTALLATIONS AND SALES
With our expansive experience installing systems please let us quote your needs for audio, lighting, and video.
Our real specialty is the sound. Our custom loudspeaker product range has been developed to solve problems. Go loud and not lose audio quality.
Quality Above All
"At Rexroat Sound quality is what we do. Our quality products and quality work provide the most value to you, our customer. Getting the job done and getting the job done right is our focus. From large concerts to small permanent installations, the goal is the same... Quality"
-Scott Rexroat
TESTIMONIALS
“Rexroat Sound is our go-to production company for all of our events. Not only are they professional and have the highest quality equipment and personnel, but we can always count on them to show up, run the show, and keep our clients & patrons safe. We’ve quite literally weathered storms with them before and always come out the other side with no major issues.”
Kate Dale, Hive Event Consulting
"Can’t say enough good things about Scott and his crew. Loyalty, professionalism, a constant pursuit to grow and lead the way in technology and gear is just the beginning.
If you want to minimize your time and maximize your staging and sound requirements.... Rexroat is your crew!"
Eric Quiner, Camp Euforia
"When our church needs to purchase sound equipment we know we can turn to Rexroat Sound for help. From answering questions, recommending products, to loaning us demo units to try out so we know we are getting the right equipment, Scott and the staff always find a way to help. They go above and beyond with customer service. Professionalism at its finest."
Ruben Martinez, Sound Tech Calvary Church of the Quad Cities, Moline, IL
"Rexroat Sound is the FINEST production company I've EVER worked with. That's why we have chosen them for every production, event, concert we have thrown for over 15 years. The sound JAMS, the crew rocks and the job gets done rain or shine. We have never had a complaint from local acts, to national touring acts. I know personally that no request is too large. I ask they DO, and no follow up is required. When I need it LOUD, it's LOUD, when I need Gentle it's a baby sleeping..."
Kyle Peters, Owner DaqFaq / Rock the District, Rock Island, ILIf you’re a regular reader of Mum’s the Word, you’ll know that I’ve been dying my own hair for a while. I was a bottle blonde for a good few years but found it far too high maintenance, so I went dark and have been using varying shades of brown and dark auburn since last year. Well, on Tuesday I’m filming a vlog for a software company and I wanted to look presentable, so I decided I needed to get a haircut and get the colour sorted out by a professional, and toyed with the idea of going back to blonde.
Toyed with the idea, that is, until I found out how much it would cost. Because my hair needs to be effectively stripped and then re-dyed, which will all take 4-5 hours, the lowest quote I got was £100. I know to a lot of you £100 probably seems quite reasonable, and believe me, when I was single I’ve spent a lot more on my hair in one go, but these days, that just seems unreasonable. Husband encouraged me to just go and have it done and to hell with the cost, but I just can’t get me head around spending that much money on just me when £100 pays for so many other things. For example, £100 pays for
- A weeks shopping, give or take a few quid either way.
- Our entire Virgin bill (telephone, internet, HD V+ box and a second box in the bedroom) for a month.
- 76 days of top-notch food for Chuck
- Almost 2 months car insurance payments
- 15 weeks of bus travel to work
Maybe I shouldn’t look at it like that, but £100 could be spent in so many more worthy ways than making the top of my head look nice, don’t you think? I’d love to know if any of the rest of you feel this way too, or if you think that these luxuries are a must and that you just go for it anyway?
I’ve not given up on having my hair done altogether. I’ve got an appointment on Monday for a cut and colour with a lady I know who has a salon in her house. I’ll probably stay reddish-brown and have a bit of a restyle, which will cost me a far more reasonable £50. I’ll probably post a before and after picture so you can see the difference. Hey, let’s just hope it’s not true about blondes having more fun, eh?!Quick Summary
- Slow wound healing a challenge in diabetes management
- In mouse model, weaker electric fields linked to slow healing
People a year is spent on treating chronic ulcers and wounds related to diabetes, Zhao said.
Electric fields and wound healing.
Media Resources
Min Zhao, Ophthalmology, Dermatology, 916-703-9381, minzhao@ucdavis.edu
Andy Fell, News and Media Relations, 530-752-4533, ahfell@ucdavis.edu$15.96
$9.89
(SAVE Now!)
as of 11/27/2021 (Details)
SmartBones Dental Dog Chew, Mini Rawhide-Free Dog Treat Taste Dogs Love!
Technical Details
- Safe and rawhide free
- Great taste
- Made with real, dried chicken breast
- contains chlorophyll and parsley seed oil for dental health
- Chewing activity promotes healthy dental care
- Suitable for small dog breeds under 20-pound
- approximately 2-inch longIn the last post, we took a quick look at John Roberts' most recent 15 dissents. Just the bare bones bottom line description of the disagreements he had with the majority of his Court. Disagreements about which he felt so strongly that he was driven to author a dissenting opinion. (See Roberts' Goat--What Gets It? (Intro: The Chief Justice's Dissents), Oct. 7, 2011.)
Let's look a bit more closely now. Not microscopically. But close enough to get some of the essential details of the cases, the Court's decisions, and Roberts' disagreements. Even the cursory outline in the last post suggested some patterns--some tendencies, leanings, predispositions, and, apparently, some of what gets the Chief Justice's goat. A closer look may well sharpen the focus and uncover some additional insight. So let's get started.
First, let's look at the criminal cases. There are some identifiable categories under which they fall. So let's group them that way--at least for starters.
Search and Seizure
There were 2 of these in which Roberts' dissented--again, where he wrote a dissenting opinion himself; not where he simply joined someone else's dissent.
In Pennsylvania v. Dunlop, the police saw the defendant exchange words and objects with another on a corner in a "tough" neighborhood. They arrested him, and the exchange turned out to be a drug transaction.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court held that the arrest was invalid. The police lacked probable cause: they didn't see what was being exchanged, they only saw one such transaction, they didn't have any history with the defendant, and the defendant didn't even flee when the police approached him.
The Supreme Court didn't think that the case was worth reviewing and reversing, so it let the state high court's decision stand.
Roberts dissented. He argued that the police were justified in making the arrest based on their common sense and experience. He complained that the ruling of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court "will make it more difficult to conduct drug interdiction in high-crime areas."
The vote was 7-2. Only Justice Kennedy joined Roberts.
In Virginia v. Harris, the police received an anonymous tip about a drunk driver. An officer followed the defendant, but he saw nothing that confirmed the tip, nor did he see the defendant commit any traffic infraction. Nevertheless, the officer stopped the defendant and administered sobriety tests. The defendant failed.
The Virginia Supreme Court invalidated the stop. The court did so on the ground that the anonymous tip, without any corroboration whatsoever, did not give the officer any justification--i.e., reasonable suspicion--to stop the driver.
The Supreme Court didn't think this case deserved review either, and it let the decision of the state high court stand.
Roberts dissented. He complained that the decision of the Virginia court would "undermine [] efforts to get drunk drivers off the road."
The vote was 7-2. Only Justice Scalia joined Roberts.
Sentencing
There were 2 cases involving the application of the federal sentencing guidelines.
In Spears v. U.S., the trial judge categorically rejected the federal sentencing guideline, in effect at that time, which punished crack cocaine offenses 100 times more severely than offenses for powder cocaine. The judge, instead, applied a more lenient disparity--i.e., the 20-1 ratio that the federal sentencing commission was then recommending as more appropriate.
The federal court of appeals reversed the trial judge. It ruled that he had no authority to reject the guidelines outright.
The Supreme Court, however, granted review and summarily reversed the court of appeals, approving the trial judge's decision. In it's per curiam opinion, the majority reaffirmed that the guidelines were only advisory. A trial judge, the Court held, was permitted to reject the 100-1 ratio categorically and impose a lesser sentence the judge deemed more fair.
Roberts dissented. He argued that some language in the Court's recent precedent seemed to support the court of appeals view (a harsher sentence)--not what the trial judge did (the lesser one). According to Roberts, the Supreme Court should have left the court of appeals' decision alone (again, the harsher sentence) by simply not reviewing the case.
The vote was a variously split 5-1-1-2, with only Justice Alito joining Roberts.
In Freeman v. U.S., the defendant pled guilty to a crack cocaine offense and the trial judge imposed sentence. The judge believed the sentence was appropriate under the sentencing guidelines' more severe punishment for crack offenses than for powder cocaine offenses. Subsequently, however, those sentencing guidelines were amended. The 100-1 disparity was significantly reduced. Moreover, the amendment made the reduction retroactive.
Nevertheless, when the defendant moved for a reduced sentence in accord with the amendment, he was turned down by the trial judge, and the court of appeals affirmed that decision.
The Supreme Court, however, reversed. The Court ordered the trial judge to reconsider the original sentence in light of the retroactive amendment, because that original sentence had been imposed in light of the 100-1 disparity in effect at the time.
Roberts dissented. He argued that the defendant was not entitled to any reduction of his sentence because he had agreed to it as part of his plea arrangement with the government. The agreed upon sentence, according to Robert, was likely based on considerations other than the 100-1 sentencing guideline.
The vote, in pertinent part, was 5-4. Justices Scalia, Thomas, and Alito joined Roberts.
Well, that's 4 of Roberts' dissents in criminal cases. We'll stop here for now and finish the remaining ones (among his most recent 15 total dissenting opinions) in the next post. But even at this point, some patterns are emerging.
In every one of these cases, Roberts sided with the prosecution. If you prefer, he opposed the accused. He had reasons in each case. Of course. There are pretty good reasons on both sides in these cases. That's why they get as far as the Supreme Court! But, but, but....
When a judge always, or typically, happens to pick the reasons that just happen to support a particular side or result, well something else is going on. So, for example, in these 4 cases we just discussed, Roberts always just happened to pick the reasons that put him on the side of the prosecution and against the accused. The reasons he argued in each of these cases were very different. But they always just happened to lead to his supporting the same side.
Yes, we've only examined 4 cases so far. But these are cases about which Roberts felt strongly enough that he wrote a dissenting opinion. These are cases where his Court's decisions disturbed him enough that he took the time and effort and---well, you know, we've been discussing it a good deal--he thought it important enough to publicly disagree with his colleagues. And in each one of these 4 cases where he felt so strongly-- in each case that got his goat--he made arguments that just happened to support the prosecution and oppose the accused. Or, if you prefer, in none of these cases, did he dissent in favor of the accused or against the prosecution.
But let's withhold judgment, at least until we look at the other criminal cases in which Roberts dissented. It may not be a simple matter of prosecution versus accused. We'll see. Maybe.
One thing is for sure, however, there are some very interesting patterns (as in curious, at the least) when we look at the cases to come in the next post, and then all of the cases--all of Roberts' criminal dissents--together.Full-Time Executive Housekeeper Vacancy – Sheraton Grand Bangalore Hotel At Brigade Gateway
Job Description
Job Category : Housekeeping & Laundry.
Education and Experience
High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the housekeeping or related professional area.
OR
2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.
Sheraton Grand Bangalore Hotel At Brigade Gateway,
26/1 Dr. Rajkumar Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka, IndiaIf you are a ReVeLuv, then you already knew the headline was referring to Red Velvet members Wendy and Irene! The two girls have been leaving people feeling confused over who is who, especially after they both styled their hair to have bangs. It’s not just casual K-Pop fans who are struggling to tell the girls apart, even hardcore ReVeLuvs are experiencing some difficulty identifying them! Although, this isn’t the first time people have confused Irene for someone else.
Irene and Wendy confusing reveluvs ever since bangs. pic.twitter.com/hHEhV5u1SO
— 𝓡𝓪𝔂 🍁 (@wenfluffie) August 26, 2019
Aside from both of them having bangs, there are striking similarities between the girl’s faces, from their immaculately groomed brows to the shapes of their eyes and mouths. Fans have been posting shots showing that the two girls undisputably look alike, with new fans of the group even speculated that Wendy and Irene must be sisters!
THIS IS IRENE THIS IS WENDY @RVsmtown #UmpahUmpah pic.twitter.com/iDEqLSjT8s
— UMPAHPAH (@kitakitseu1) August 21, 2019
If I didn’t know any better I would’ve thought this is the same person, wendy looks so much like irene here it’s scary #wenrene #wendy #irene #redvelvet pic.twitter.com/e97EbgYbIg
— georgia (@bisasscass) November 26, 2018
As if that weren’t enough, it’s not just their visuals that people find shockingly similar, but also their cute behavior and the way they laugh!
Finding it a bit creepy how Irene and Wendy’s evil laughters sound the same pic.twitter.com/hPjjEO1n7z
— main vocal mango (@wanwansforehead) June 10, 2019
Although Wendy and Irene are definitely different people, and to the surprise of many, aren’t actually sisters, they certainly are sisters at heart! ❤️India Street Percussion was created by John
King. John is a drummer, percussionist and composer. He has
preformed and recorded with such artist as The Steve Miller
Band, James Clay, Mike Nock, Jim Pepper Band and Bozz Skaggs.
He has received both gold and platinum albums for his work as
well as performing on many television and radio performances.
He has one album released titled the John King Ensemble.
A CD of new compositions is scheduled for release in the near
future.
The idea for creating India Street Percussion
was to make quality percussion instruments at a reasonable price.
The sound of the instrument is everything! All of our instruments
are hand made in the USA. The sound is what is important! How
does it sound?
Our vision is backed up with musical experience
and knowledge.
Hope you enjoy our site!
India Street Percussion™Maledictis
Information
Bio:
Male, 19, pre-graduate, living in my mother's basement. Need I say moar? Probably. Ask me yourself.
Contact me in messenger or sign me up for bestiality porn at: basement_spud_II@hotmail.com
Contact me in messenger or sign me up for bestiality porn at: basement_spud_II@hotmail.com
Location:
Aurora, ON, Canada
Interests:
Spiderweb games, rhythm gaming
Occupation:
I work in a deli. In a goddamned DELI.
Maledictis loves the following website(s):
- WikiFur
- 4chan
- Gamefaqs
- (Other) a.k.a my forum is so cool it's not even listed.
Vitals
Flamebate Statistics (View all of Maledictis's posts)
Forumwarz Domination (what's domination?)
INCIT wins (View all of Maledictis's wins)
Maledict.Facebook Dating, explained.
Share this tale
Share All sharing alternatives for: Facebook has long been about relationships. Now it is within the relationship game.
Facebook Dating is now reside in the United States, and right right here’s just exactly what it seems like. Facebook
This tale is a component of the band of tales called
The second-least-sexy media that are social (after LinkedIn) has officially entered the company of love. Facebook Dating, that has existed far away since just last year, launched in the usa today within the hope that Facebook can take on current apps that are dating Tinder, Bumble, and OKCupid.
Just How will Facebook Dating work? To make use of Facebook’s very own terms, it is complicated sexsearch. Though many have actually noted the aesthetic similarities between its user interface — that will be accessible to users 18 and older inside the regular Facebook mobile app (in a different tab) — and that of this dating application Hinge, the actual fact that Facebook has already been an integral part of people’s lives whether they’re seeking to date or perhaps not makes things a little uncommon.
Profiles look much like those on Tinder or Hinge. Facebook
Facebook is attempting to clear most of those hurdles by making Dating as separate as you can from the regular software. First of all, users must choose in the service, then create a totally distinct profile. Particularly, Facebook Dating will not show users their Facebook buddies, as well as provides individuals the capability to remove buddies of buddies from their prospective matches. You may also block people that are specific Facebook from seeing your dating profile. Users can, nonetheless, content the other person without matching first.
Then there’s a complete thing called “Secret Crush” where you are able to soon add up to nine (!) Facebook friends or Instagram supporters to an inventory, and should they secretly crush you back, you’ll both get notified. (The tool just works if both folks have arranged Facebook Dating profiles; Timothee Chalamet will perhaps not get notified if you add their Instagram account to your key Crush list, as well as you’ll be able to just do this if Timothee Chalamet is following you.)
Secret Crush! Facebook
Also marks the beginning of Facebook Dating’s integration with Instagram, which is owned by Facebook today. Daters are now able to include their Instagram articles right to their pages (which folks have already been in a position to do on Tinder and Hinge) and add Instagram followers for their key Crush list. Facebook states it’s going to range from the capacity to add Instagram Stories to profiles by the finish of the season.
However with a $5 billion Federal Trade Commission fine settled in July over privacy issues — the penalty that is largest ever against a tech company — and a fresh antitrust research ongoing, the question of whether Facebook is equipped to manage much more potentially a lot more intimate personal information is a big one.
Facebook Dating says it matches individuals according to whatever they like. But there’s obviously more to the storyline.
There’s a reason Facebook Dating is free, nor does it explain to you ads: Facebook is money that is n’t making it — yet. As Recode records, “Facebook appears content to let Dating act as just one more cause for young adults to open up the software and allow Facebook into their individual lives.”
But Facebook Dating will also gather a lot more information from Facebook users, information that may presumably become more intimate, as much as date, and strongly related what folks really like and think. That’s basically the sales hype of Twitter Dating: Facebook has more information on you, therefore they’ll pair you up with an improved match. “Facebook Dating makes it much simpler to locate love through that which you like — assisting you to begin significant relationships through things you have got in common, like interests, activities and teams,” reads the line that is first of press release.
Facebook Dating’s privacy settings. Facebook
Exactly How precisely the algorithm works is, needless to say, a secret. Regardless of sex choices, location, and “interests along with other things you are doing on Twitter,” Twitter Dating product supervisor Nathan Sharp told TechCrunch that, as an example, you will get harmonized having an alumnus of your school that is same if neither of you included that school in your dating pages.
Because TechCrunch reporter Sarah Perez notes, nonetheless, Twitter demonstrably has a lot more relevant home elevators individuals beyond their alma mater. “On Tinder, you may possibly compose which you ‘love hiking,’ but Facebook would determine if you really took part in hiking-related teams or events, and just how often,” she writes. “It may know much more, too — such as your check-ins to hiking trails, if you will find hills in your photos, in the event that you posted updates aided by the keyword ‘hiking,’ if you ‘Liked’ Facebook Pages about hiking, etc. But Twitter won’t verify if this sort of information is employed or exactly how.”
Facebook Dating does not precisely cons >Data privacy issues aside, Twitter Dating’s presence is confounding for the various explanation: Instagram could be the objectively hornier app. Its reputation as being a sanctuary for the young, wealthy, and beautiful causes it to be the more likely destination for dating, thinking about the DM fall has already been a commonly used way of shooting a potential date to your shot.
The information and knowledge reporter Alex Heath posited on Twitter that it’s because “FB would like the blue software to be about friends/people connections and wishes IG to lean more into brands/celebs.” That could seem to jibe with Facebook’s 2018 algorithm switch to its News Feed, which prioritized friends and team updates over news articles and videos (which often aided donate to massive upset into the media industry).
Facebook’s sex identification choices. Facebook
Plus, why now? When Twitter gained appeal after expanding to individuals beyond university students in 2006, its Relationship Status feature ended up being the main topic of lots of social discussion; it gave increase towards the term “Facebook Official” for individuals who had been finally willing to announce their couplehood towards the globe. There was clearly the “Poke,” which straddled the relative line between flirty and creepy (somehow, Poking nevertheless exists). As soon as Facebook became the initial social media account fully for numerous grownups, it had been quickly imbued with stereotypes around middle-aged married folks reconnecting with a high school buddies and cheating on old flames to their spouses. If Twitter Dating had been ever likely to be a plain thing, it looks like it will have happened within the beginning.
Also Twitter admits this: “One of this great ironies for me personally is the fact that whenever most of us joined up with the initial form of the solution in 2004, back with regards to ended up being simply a number of university students, we had been believing that dating is the next function Facebook would definitely include,” said Facebook’s Chief Product Officer Chris Cox at a meeting in might 2018. “We were right, just 14 years too early.”
Will individuals actually make use of it?
Despite its lateness to your game, Facebook Dating will make use of a market that is wildly lucrative. Analysts estimate the marketplace could possibly be well worth $12 billion by 2020, and Match Group, which has the majority of of the most extremely popular dating apps besides Bumble, taken in $1.7 billion in income just last year. And maybe Twitter Dating will court the kinds of users who will be deterred by other apps that are dating be it as a result of age or preconceived notions about their hookup-oriented nature.
Facebook Dating lets you fulfill individuals from occasions or teams you’re a right section of. Facebook
Despite the fact that Twitter has stated it doesn’t intend to generate income on Twitter Dating, Recode’s Kurt Wagner estimated it might be a dollar business that is multibillion. “Facebook professionals state there are 200 million people on Facebook whom identify as ‘single.’ That’s a relatively small percentage of Facebook’s 2.2 billion total monthly users, but it’s a massive audience that is potential a dating solution,” he writes. Tinder, meanwhile, has 3.8 million investing customers, and when simply 2 % of their single users joined up with Twitter Dating, it might surpass that.
So when Kaitlyn Tiffany noted for Vox, Facebook Dating might have a major leg up on other dating apps for just one very important explanation: In offering users the capacity to remove buddies of buddies from their match pool, they could prevent the weirdness of seeing their previous colleagues and friends’ ex-boyfriends.
Facebook claims here have now been engagements and marriages that have occurred between people in the software, and also as The Verge’s Casey Newton claims, “the undeniable fact that Twitter has had the merchandise to 20 nations in under a 12 months shows that it is often favored by very early users.” In another feasible clue of this popularity of Twitter Dating, shares of Match Group dropped 4 % today. Whether there’s been a mass rush to delete Tinder pages in support of Facebook Dating appears doubtful, but possibly that is exactly what Twitter is banking on: the people whom never ever downloaded Tinder into the beginning.
Subscribe to The Goods’ newsletter. Twice a we’ll send you the best goods stories exploring what we buy, why we buy it, and why it matters week.
نقاشWhy is my engine smoking and shaking
I pulled out to turn from a red light and I kind of gave it some gas and the check engine light came on. Then, the car just started shaking, so I pulled over to a close gas station and sat a while with the car off. Then I tried to start, but it wouldn't, so I tried again, and it started but only stayed on for a few seconds and started smoking and turned back off. Last week, I went to turn it on and it shook very hard and started smoking again, and I just went to the car to try to turn it on and the car is dead.The.” The arbitration hearings were scheduled to begin next month; Dugan’s attorney and reps for the Recording Academy declined Variety‘s requests for further comment.
The move is the latest in a series led by Recording Academy chief Harvey Mason, jr. that reflect an effort to at least calm some of the multiple controversies that have arisen around it over the past few years, ranging from Dugan’s extremely hostile termination to her predecessor Neil Portnow’s 2018 comment that females in the music industry need to “step up” in order to advance. Among other moves, including the distribution of some $24 million in Covid relief to members of the music community, the organization’s efforts to address a longstanding lack of racial and gender diversity — which of course is true across the industry — have ramped up significantly over the past year. Reports of their effectiveness have been mixed, particularly for the inclusion task force that was formed in the wake of Portnow’s comment. However, Valeisha Butterfield Jones — who was named co-president earlier this week as part of a new management structure — made a number of positive moves in her prior, year-long role as the Academy’s first chief diversity & inclusion officer.
Dugan, who was abruptly placed on administrative leave from her post in January of 2020 after vague accusations of “misconduct” toward an employee sources say was her former assistant, was officially terminated three months later. Mason, then head of the Academy’s board of trustees, took her place on an interim basis and officially took over the post last month, although he had insisted the role would be temporary; some sources say that a long executive search by the Academy turned up no suitable candidates willing to take on the job. Regardless, during his tenure Mason has brought about a significant change of tone and action at the Academy, and the Dugan settlement is a positive move toward advancing that change further.
Despite a series of fiery statements and allegations about Dugan’s alleged conduct in the role, the Academy did not. Mason, who sources say had a largely positive relationship with Dugan during her tenure, has seen through many of the proposals that had been advanced during her term. Dugan discussed many of them in an interview with Variety just three weeks before she was placed on leave.
Dugan fiercely disputed the Academy’s version of events in a blockbuster legal complaint that, had attempted to “woo” and kiss her. Her complaint also brought forth an earlier, anonymous accusation of sexual misconduct against her predecessor, Neil Portnow, but he firmly denied it and the Recording Academy said he had been exonerated after a third-party investigation.
Accusations of voting impropriety arose again after the 2021 nominations were announced and the Weeknd — whose “After Hours” was one of the most critically and commercially successful releases of the year — received no nominations. While the Academy steadfastly insisted that the decision had been made fair and square by the nominating committees that narrowed down the list of finalists — which Dugan had accused of “double dealing” — it also did away with nearly all of the committees at its most recent board meetings in May. The 2022 Grammys will be the first since 1989 in which the committees will play no part in making up the ballots of major awards, although they will still be used for 11 highly specialized categories like production and packaging.
Sources told Variety at the time 2020.”
Source: Music – Rolling StoneOK, quick now: Who is the Archivist of the United States? Now you know why this article is entitled “The What?”. Today’s article will not only answer that question but give you something to ponder. Let’s explore.
The United States has an Archivist and his name is David Ferriro. Mr. Ferriro is the tenth Archivist of the United States (there were four who held the position for less than a year in an acting capacity). The position was established in 1934. The Archivist is appointed by the President and subject to Senate confirmation. Ferriro took his post in 2009.
At this point you have to be scratching your head wondering why in the world I’m writing about this. Well, as of two weeks ago I was among the hundreds of millions who didn’t even know the position existed (I’ll get to its significance below) then a friend lent me a novel that was only a bit above penny dreadful status based upon the myth that the 16th Amendment –which allows for the federal income tax – was never properly ratified by the states. Without going down that rabbit hole; the bottom line is that in any event don’t hold your breath waiting for the income tax to disappear (unless you are Donald Trump or a senior member of his crew).
In order to amend the Constitution the text must be passed by two-thirds of each chamber of Congress and then ratified by three-quarters of the states. Most Americans were taught that and many (I’m certain the vast majority of my American readers) remember it. Various states have various methods for ratifying an amendment to the United States’ Constitution. The issue is who certifies that a sufficient number of states ratified the amendment? It turns out that under current law the lone and basically unchallengeable authority in the matter is the Archivist of the United States.
Now we get into what if territory. What if a president was in their second term and wanted to stay beyond the end of it? Currently the 22nd Amendment limits a president to two terms so that amendment would have to be nullified; perhaps even to the degree to allow a president for life.
Under the current laws that would require 327 votes in the House (assuming all 435 members were present and voting), 67 votes in the Senate (regardless of “attendance”) and ratification by 38 states. Admittedly as things stand at the moment I can’t see such an amendment making it out of either, let alone both, chambers of Congress. Nor do I see it happening in any predictable configuration of the next Congress. Considering all the things that are happening in DC which we never thought could happen in America; for the sake of this discussion let’s assume that the amendment made it out of DC and to the states.
Under our current system if the Archivist of the United States certified that 38 states ratified the amendment that is the end of the story regardless of reality. That is a dangerous situation!
This is not a reflection on Ferriro or his integrity. Since he took office in 2009 I see no reason to assume he is a Trump stooge or would take part in something like this. However, Trump has purged countless loyal civil servants and appointees when they did not serve his purposes. What is there to stop him from replacing Ferriro? He could then appoint another sycophant, as he has done so many times already, and if he retains just 50 seats in the Senate have them confirmed. Then if he could get the amendment through Congress the states really would not serve as a backstop.
I’ll admit today’s scenario is a bit wild and very unlikely. Perhaps I’ve been reading a bit too much post World War I 20th century European history lately. If nothing else we have all learned a history lesson and now know that the United States has an Archivist (who actually has many more duties).
This article is the property of tellthetruthonthem.com and its content may not be used without citing the source. It may not be reproduced without the permission of Larry Marciniak.Agrilus cuprescens
Pest description and crop damage Rose stem girdler (RSG) is a damaging, small copper-green-colored Buprestidae family beetle pest of caneberry crops and ornamental brambles (Rosa and Rubus species). This pest is relatively new to the PNW and damage is increasingly being reported by growers and community gardeners throughout the Willamette Valley region of western Oregon and southwest Washington. It has been confirmed in the inland PNW, and as far north as King County in western WA. Infestations can reduce. Damage to established floricane plantings can be a relatively inconspicuous yield decline, partially due to the infestation going unnoticed; if substantial girdling does not occur before harvest, RSG damage may superficially resemble typical cane senescence after harvest, or wilting from Phytophthora root rot. Canes with feeding damage are also more susceptible to winter injury. Its wild host range includes wild Rosa and Rubus species, which are abundant in the western PNW. Therefore, once RSG is present in an area, persistent hosts on field peripheries can make eradication impractical. Adult beetle emergence is dependent on average humidity and temperatures thresholds: 1) Pupation requires average daytime temps >50°F and >60% average daily relative humidity (which may commonly be early June in the PNW), adults will emerge from the stem, leaving behind an elliptical emergence hole.
Peak adult emergence & activity may occur over a 2- to 3-week period but activity has been observed to last as long as 8 weeks in the PNW. Individual adults live for ~1 week once emerged. Prior to egg-laying, adults feed on leaves, which can result in a tattered appearance. Once reproductively mature, females most commonly lay eggs on the basal 1/3 of primocanes or on multiple points higher up on older second-year. When this happens, infestation symptoms may be apparent, but damage to cane vitality may be negligible.
Management-chemical control-
HOME and COMMERCIAL USE
Diligent, thorough pruning and destroying of RSG-damaged canes can help reduce field populations considerably (up to 80%). caneberry production system where canes are absent when adults are active and/or where canes are mowed after infestation may lessen risk of in-field RSG issues in given year. Growers may also choose to try eliminating wild hosts from field edges. Integrating effective insecticide controls with pruning practices may provide near-full control of in-field populations, though RSG may still enter fields annually from wild hosts on field edges if present. There are no insecticides labeled specifically for RSG control but applications of insecticides that are registered for use on caneberries may provide some measure of control. Chemical management applied before adults emerge are ineffective; sprays therefore need to be targeted at the adult beetles to prevent egg-laying. Because infestations in new/young caneberry plantings are most likely to lead to economic loss, growers may choose to prioritize these for chemical management if necessary..I've decided to take up the challenge set by Amy Johnson Crow in her blog nostorytoosmall.com to have one blog post each week in 2014 devoted to a specific ancestor. It's called 52 Ancestors in 52 Weeks.
For my 1st post I've chosen Richard Tillin - he is the 5xGreat-Grandfather of my children. Richard is one of a few ancestors I have found in newspapers.
Richard was born and baptised in Ruislip in 1825. His parents were Richard Tilling and Mary Barker. He appeared on the 1841 census as a printer in the city of London. He married Sarah Lewis in 1847 and had 6 children - Thomas, John, George, Eli, Ann and Sarah. He appeared on the census for 1851, 1861, 1871 and 1881 in Berkshire as an agricultural labourer. He died in 1884.
Unfortunately Richard's entry in the Reading Mercury is a tragic tale as it describes his "Fatal fall from a load of hay at Padworth".
Richard presents 2 puzzles for me.
I wonder why Richard was born and baptised in Ruislip but his brother's and sisters were baptised in Beenham, Berkshire. The only theory I can come up with is that Richard Tilling (Richard's father) may have returned to Berkshire because his mother Elizabeth Tillin (nee Bernard) died in 1826 and maybe he was needed by his family?
In 1841 Richard could be found in the Allhallows the Great in London. If his occupation was a printer then he would have had to belong to a guild - maybe this one? But then a few years later he was back in Berkshire and then spent the rest of his life as an agricultural labourer. I would love to be able to find out what twist of fate led to this change in his life.
It's those questions that make me want to be a time traveler! I can relate as I have any number of ancestors whose steps I can trace, but I want to know WHY they made certain choices.
Diana
That is so true!
I think that's why I keep digging away in case I find a note/letter that might give me some clues
Thanks for taking the time to read the blog and commenting
Jo
What a tragic death but very interesting account.
Wendy
It is a bit of a sad story but I'm pleased that it was written up in the newspaper for me to find nearly 130 years later. It's quite amazing that he fell 7ft then got up, finished the job and went home!
Thanks for stopping by my blog
Jo
So interesting and sad to read. Richard was the father of Thomas who married my great grandmother Clara Monger. Richard could possibly be my great-great grandfather, but there's so many questions regarding Thomas' life and death.!
Baby name meaning and origin for Ean
July 13th, 2009 at 2:04 pm
[…] The many who are sick of our church – Linglish.net […]
Thomas Tsoi
July 11th, 2009 at 12:44 am.
Brian
July 9th, 2009 at 6:00 am.After two years of theory and practical research in a countryside house, Harry Baldissera founds Paciu Maison, an art factory and a place of cultural promotion based on the concept of "rizoma" (Deleuze-Guattari), an acentric system where every point is linked to the others, but every trait of the system doesn't refers to similar ones. Painter, sculptor, scenographer, designer: Baldissera works experimenting different tecniques, and the most used is fabric mixed with plaster. The majority of his artworks reflects the concept of "palimpsest" of Gérard Genette:
continuous developing or reclaiming from a starting idea, changing its features without modifying its essence. His goal is creating an identity of recollections, perceiving the idea of art in constant evolution, from past to present, from memory to oblivion.
1- Where does the idea for Paciu Maison come from? What is its aim?
The idea that lies beside the foundation of Paciu Maison is the research about contemporary art, and investigating the world through the "eye of art". What was essential was the choice of expanding the boundaries of the art residency, overcoming the idea of "habitable artwork". The Maison is indeed an artwork and a place for art production.
2- How does this happen?
This kind of initiative lies with the importance of interpersonal exchange. Art is the greatest "exchange", the heaviest sharing which weighs on both the artist and the spectator. Art offers analysis, narration, feelings: this is what produces engagement, the ultimate "exchange". In a period like ours, based on individualism and addictions, the "exchange" is the path to freedom. The research activity lays the foundations on the planning and the promotion of events, exhibitions, art performances, focusing on the exchange between people.
3- At Paciu Maison the approach at art can be interpretated as instictual. How can you deny this statement?
The instinctive approach implicates a "wait". The instinctive part of human mind reveals itself thanks to feelings, searching for irrationality: it is an outburst, energy which becomes artwork, the engine of the artist. This situation needs time, because the instinct reveals itself in uncontrollable explosions. The impulsive execution of art is due to the essence of its executor and the result is unexpected. The connection between art and observer starts from the primitive fundaments of the human being.
4 – How do the rooms in Paciu Maison connect with your own life experience?
The rooms of Paciu Maison are connected in two different levels: the practical and the emotional one. The practical level is based on the choice of the materials; in most of the rooms the sense of movement and of time prevail. The emotional level connects to the "explosions" I have told about before. Like from a volcano, from every explosion pours out "magmatic" material which takes form in art, lacking chronological order. The rooms are transcribed in an emotional map: Paciu Maison becomes a map for the soul.
5 – Paciu Maison dimostra grande flessibilità e adattamento, d’altronde alla base della tua creatività vi è l’arte del “re-made” e del riuso. Mediante quale processo gli oggetti quotidiani di Paciu Maison prendono vita nell’arte?
The ready-made could be spontaneous, in case people do not have the possibility to buy or have the materials. That does not mean to follow the path of Duchamp: it is a necessity dictated by pragmatism and a need to establish connection between me and what I use. The idea is to create gold without the actual mineral: the artwork develops without the benefits of the richness of its materials.
6- Paciu Maison è “politica-sociale”, prima che “individuale-personale”, o è possibile che abbracci entrambe le visioni?
Paciu Maison embrases both visions, indeed it works at 360 degrees. Its goal is an investigation into time, society and people. Our work is a continuous training course, a path that challenges the schemes of the cliché or the routine, both as group and individuals.A proposed casino for the Howe Caverns site has won the solid support of the Cobleskill Town Board.
The board, in a resolution unanimously adopted this week, called the Howe Caverns Casino project advanced by the the owner of the destination attraction “economically transformational for a region that suffered Hurricanes Irene and Lee.”
The region was battered by flooding unleashed by those storms in 2011, and some homes remain unoccupied.
The site is competing with several others in Albany, Rensselaer, East Greenbush and Schenectady.
“I think it is becoming clearer each day that Howe Caverns is the best site with the least obstacles for the quick successful development of a casino,” said Emil Galasso, president of Howe Caverns Development Corporation.
State officials are requiring that casino proposals enjoy site-specific community support in order to be eligible for consideration.
Commented
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.Steve Carruthers
Swing Instructor
Hooked on dancing since 1990, Oregon Coast-native Steve Carruthers was absorbed for many years with folkdancing and continues to value social dancing as a community builder and way to erase barriers between people.
Welcoming the degendering of social dance, Steve is proficient in the role of following and encourages any and all to learn both leading and following roles.
A dedicated learner, he balances his dance teaching with taking classes and dancing socially. The learner’s perspective is uppermost in his mind. He guides dancers to the experience of partner dancing as an artistic and expressive collaboration between equals.
Steve has presented hundreds of hours of teaching at Mittleman Jewish Community Center, Multnomah Arts Center, and with homeschooled and public school youth. Steve offers private lessons and, in addition to MAC, teaches at the Viscount Dance Studio.
Avid, energetic hiker, gardener, music lover, and food enthusiast, Steve is a landscape designer and contractor. He makes SW Portland home with his wife and teen daughters.Find a copy in the library
Finding libraries that hold this item...
Details
Abstract:
"Together with the laws of Mexico and Texas on the same subject, to which is prefixed Judge Johnson's translation of Azo and Manuel's Institutes of the civil laws of Spain."--T.p.
Reviews
User-contributed reviews
Similar Items
Related Subjects:(16)
- Land tenure -- Law and legislation -- United States.
- Law -- Spain.
- Land grants -- United States.
- Great Britain -- Colonies -- America -- Administration.
- France -- Colonies -- America -- Administration.
- Spain -- Colonies -- America -- Administration.
- British colonies.
- French colonies.
- Land grants.
- Land tenure -- Law and legislation.
- Law.
- Colonies -- Administration.
- Spanish colonies.
- America.
- Spain.
- United States.Phil Hill
You have to realise that I live a rather strange life at the moment, which one day might change.
Narrative is a matter of perspective, so are our histories, getting lost, rediscovered and recontextualised, as Marianne Hirsch notes: “Perhaps it is the familial look itself that makes it difficult to read this picture which will not reveal any identifiable truth” (1997: 104).
This body of work is a journey to discover truths but a spectre hangs exists. One of fractured relations, memory, class, superstition, politics and dogma. Held by tensions of belief; together but each according to an individual rhythm.
Category:Fr. James Martin, S.J. is on a blog tour to promote the release of his book My Life With the Saints
in paperback.
June 2: Some Have Hats
June 3: A Nun’s Life
June 4: The Dawn Patrol
June 5: The Anchoress
June 6: Happy Catholic
He will be answering questions in the comboxes.
A total shutout of blogs written by men. I demand equality!!! Actually I really liked his book My Life With the Saints
. He is quite a capable writer and his description of his saints in his sock drawer he had as a kid is quite wonderful and the book is an enjoyable read as he talks about the saints he discovered and came to love.
His Catholic upbringing was rather sparse and surprisingly he discovered many saints for the first time while in seminary, even those these saints are not exactly obscure – but really quite well known. I would give one caveat about his book though. While it is mostly free of liberal Catholic bias (he identified himself a liberal Catholic on the NYT Pope blog), there are a couple of instances of it. Though I would still highly recommend his book. At one points he talks about being obedient by mentioning his superiors warned him about writing on topics that would be considered "controversial" (read dissent). In my mind it seems to me that obedience would be better met by not saying you are being obedient and then inferring you hold opinions contrary to Church teaching. The other annoying thing is that some times he would try to make conflicts saints had with the Church to be almost a blanket apology for dissent.
Regardless, check out all of these blogs for his blog tour. * A Nuns Life is more in the progressive camp.
Hi there,
I’m Fr. Martin’s PR person from Loyola Press. I’m glad to hear people are interested in his blog tour. I apologize if it looks like a “girl blog tour” but that is because the girls responded to the offer & they won out. That being said, there will be a Saints in Cyberspace part II & I promise it will have men bloggers hosting the tour. I already have 2 male bloggers who already grabbed two of the days. 🙂
I really enjoyed Fr. Martin’s book on the saints, but I do have to make one comment. I have a similar, secular background and so many things Catholic are new to me. I didn’t know much about St. Bernadette, so I got the book Fr. Martin refers to from our local library. It was HILARIOUS. Along with not making much sense, it was very feminist and very Freudian. Lots of comments about Bernadette unconsciously doing this and that, and her body making a physical connection between the earth and the sky, etc. etc. How Fr. Martin even got through it, much less got anything out of it, is a mystery to me. Sorry, I don’t remember the title.Hugin, free open source panorama photo stitching and HDR merging program, finally released version 2020.0.0.
Hugin 2020.0.0 release highlights include:
- Fixes fast preview on HiDPI screens under GTK+3 and MacOS.
- Make fast preview screen zoom-able with mouse wheel.
- Make hugin_hdrmerge aware of cropped intermediate images.
- Several improvements for command line tools (pto_var, pto_move, pto_gen, autooptimiser).
- More checks in GUI for strange user input.
- Fixes for several bugs, and translation updates.
How to Install Hugin 2020.0.0 in Ubuntu:
Hugin 2020.0.0 is available as universal Linux Flatpak package, which runs in sandbox, and you can get it from flathub repository.
For those prefer an Ubuntu PPA, the new release package is available in the unofficial PPA for Ubuntu 18.04, Ubuntu 20.04, and Ubuntu 20.10. The package was backported from official Ubuntu 21.04 build and there’s known issues, e.g., loading copyright file in about page and “An assertion failed!” dialog when launching calibrate_lens_gui..
The North Sand Mountain football program’s playoff streak has now reached seven.
With a playoff spot on the line, a quick start was the key for NSM in the 29-14 Class 2A Region 7 victory at Falkville on Friday night.
NSM (4-5, 3-3) scored on its first two possessions, tacked on a first half safety and held off several challenges by a pesky Falkville team along the way. With the win, the Bison claimed the fourth and final playoff spot from Region 7.
It’s NSM’s seventh straight playoff appearance, the longest active playoff streak among Jackson County teams.
“It was big coming out of gate like we did and putting a little doubt (in Falkville) there. We gave them some hope at the end of the (first) half, but we responded like we’re supposed to (in the second half). We were able to run, get first downs and chew clock and finish drives,” said NSM head coach Keith Kirby. “I’m proud for our boys, proud for our coaches. They did a great job.”
NSM won its last two region games to earn its postseason berth.
“(The players) kept hanging in there, kept fighting, and found a way to get the job done,” Kirby said. “They showed what they’re made of.”
Falkville (4-5, 2-4) lost its last four region games.
“(NSM) punched us in the mouth early and it took us a quarter to punch back,” said Falkville head coach Adam Ward. “By that point, it’s tough. You have to claw your way back from two scores. I thought we responded in the second half but they had one drive and hit us in the teeth again.”
The first punch – actually the first two punches – came quickly. NSM took possession at its own 30-yard line following the opening kickoff and swiftly moved down the field. It took five plays to cover the 70 yards with the touchdown coming on a 19-yard pass from Landon Keller to Derek Bearden.
Falkville (4-5, 2-4) had two first downs on its opening drive before the drive stalled at the NSM 37-yard line. The Bison took over at their own 23-yard line after a short punt and, again, swiftly moved down the field. The 7-play drive culminated with a 6-yard touchdown run by Mason Smith and NSM had a 14-0 lead with 1:54 left in the first quarter.
The lead grew to 16-0 when Falkville running back Jordan Greenfield was tackled in the end zone. However, it was Falkville taking momentum into the locker room when Greenfield broke about five tackles on the way to a beautiful 40-yard touchdown run with 29.7 seconds left in the half. A two-point conversion attempt failed and Falkville trailed, 16-6, at half.
Falkville took the second half kickoff and drove deep into NSM territory. The drive ended when Greenfield was tackled in the backfield on 4th-and-1 from the Bison's 18-yard line. Neither team scored in the third quarter but NSM added to its lead with 11:25 remaining in the game when Bearden weaved 8 yards into the end zone after dropping a direct snap. After the PAT, the Bison's led 23-6.
The Blue Devils answered quickly with quarterback Caden Burnett capping a 8-play, 56-yard drive on a 1-yard touchdown run. Burnett’s two-point conversion pass to Dawson Fowler cut the deficit to 23-14. NSM answered with a 9-yard scoring run by Smith.
Falkville appeared to have sliced into the deficit with 3:21 remaining what would have been a 35-yard scoring pass from Burnett to Fowler was negated by a holding call. The Blue Devils eventually turned the ball over on downs.
Greenfield finished with 142 yards on 29 carries but only had two runs over 10 yards. Smith and Joshua Farmer each rushed for 126 yards for the Bison and Alex Luna had 79 yards on eight carries. NSM sacked Burnett four times with Lucas Steele collection two of those sacks.
Smith ran for 124 yards on 17 carries for NSM while Hank Farmer ran for 118 yards on 16 carries. Keller finished 5-of-9 passing for 69 yards.
› Steve Irvine is a correspondent for The Decatur.Leader in Educational Personal Property Insurance Products Since 1971
For over 46 years, Worth Ave. Group and its affiliates have provided a sense of security for thousands of individuals nationwide. Worth Ave. Group specializes in providing electronic device insurance for educational institutions, businesses, and individuals.
Providing solutions for a digital world:
Worth Ave. Group’s low deductibles and affordable premiums make their insurance products attractive to anyone who owns a laptop, digital camera, gaming system, tablet, cell phone or other portable electronic device.
Strengthening the education market by giving back:
Worth Ave. Group has a strong presence in the education market and takes pride in giving back to schools across the nation. They see the direct impact of technology in education and strive to foster that growth when possible. Whether offering technology grants or donating electronic devices, Worth Ave. Group seeks to advance the level of technology used by many schools within their district.
Trusted, proven and reliable insurance provider:
Worth Ave. Group, a family owned business, approaches customer service in a small town style. Each policyholder is handled with the utmost respect allowing for pleasant interaction that allows all questions to be answered effectively, efficiently and kindly. Claims are handled in-house by their adjusters, assuring a hands-on operation to provide immediate processing.Betting over the internet in Baltimore are going to be now truly attainable, and then there becomes your entire affiliated with 60 registered sportsbook skin tone within the condition. Then, the actual largest side will normally originated from primed thing out of and then discovering what precisely fashion the particular gaming public’verts gambles shift an argument distributed caused by a suit pulls finer. Within this bookmaker, it’s possible to acquire enjoyable bets upon electrical sporting The blueprint may include game titles for example Telephone call connected with Responsibility, Kitchen counter Struck, Hearthstone, Furious along with FIFA Birds. Tennessee’verts More Container opportunities moved via +4000 to be able to +2500 inside DraftKings in the actual storage devices of your cope. Unibet is definitely 1 of the finest 10 great britain on the internet gambling houses plus bookmakers. Canals Sportsbook is definitely presenting 1.20 possibilities for the Pats to get rid of typically the Falcons. Before you join one of the biggest a great number successful on the web bookies – help make sure you’re also with all the most up to date 888sport promo code through Enhanced Bets. A minimal wager online is $1 and additionally $50 for mobile phone bets. An amazing quickly solution can be described as on gamble during end result of an undertaking or simply showing off occasion in which is decided through a new hard cash selection as well as time distribute.
And of individuals continuing cases, just around The state of nevada now shows sports betting. A great house pick up (1), any take (back button) or even a great at bay become (2) happen to be a few of the prevalling wide variety – any just about variant to help expenses course gambling on is a bring. Delivering your make certain through more The Truth About The ladbrokes acca insurance Betting Agency And The Casino effective chances are going to be a tremendous amount the precise simply because any kind of all kinds of other assortment by means of presume design. Decision found at Brings including Talls will probably be your widespread believe around the Super Tank. Currently journeyed located in totality. Genuinely, they might be normally aren’t entirely contouring in to the property within the public web-site from the physical activities home entertainment gamble professional. If one bets your under” on it variety and also the video gaming appear closes which includes a 30-21 ultimate account, the particular gamble is often a Iosing one, for the reason that combined complete of that report is definitely 51 detalls. Every pixel sportsbook that you just unearth will offer bets within the Great Serving.
Just about the playing bets are really inserted over the internet simply because their cellphone application purely makes it possible for athletics betting. The highest gambling on offers you above usually are proven basically, and even the very best of others in the industry is found in many of our overview location and even via the search box. Should Chelsea be successful by only 1 intend following it’s a pick up plus change can distance ones own bet & really revisit, method you are likely to get rid of excess the rear guess share with these bookmaker. Functions wagering prospects are usually tested by simply dissipated premises that may possess a incredible self-developed record unit. 3. Utilize any CashDirect promotion to the on the net description – this will be made within William Hill. Almost any punter needs so that you can vitality in this and now have different game titles to raise his or her’s odds pertaining to higher earnings. If you’re not, you may use web-sites just like Pesaodds to present you with more up-to-date positive points at the moment to help guidance everyone win.
Beneficial, BetOnline is without a doubt legitimate. Often they’ll become for prevalling shoppers yet many other examples they’lmost all turned out to be advertised in the same way greeting options, at this time keep your perspective in the garden meant for bookmakers at which your own name can certainly turned into eligible for this kind of promotional and advertising. The latest favored for you to triumph Really Bowl LVI is definitely the informative post Kansas Urban center Chiefs. There is many different short period gives you possibly most certainly declare probably although you may even have your information while using the there bookies. Forebet tagline areas who ‘ Snowboarding is undoubtedly Arithmetic.’ They usage study coming from staff new media, Neurological to help you Mind comparisons to help you most well liked performance to calculate the advantages intended for suits. Betfred might be the single most distinct demonstration of this approach, due to their long-running Don’t lik Major Shangri-la along with Two Approval marketing promotions, while indistinguishable functions ought to go crazy develop a few other bookmakers out of time to time.
This particular lack associated with warranty is normally delivering variability to the more normal cost-free bet register offers. Always remember, you would like to are aware of the possibilities in the guess you wish for towards region, since correctly seeing that the total number of you’re betting. The trick is usually to discover bets utilizing somewhat more options to be able to profit versus the featured prospects clearly define, in the event you discover a 1 whatever the case,20 by way of 85% threat or even 5,00 which includes a 30% chance. A whole new airscrew gamble is definitely a chance about a prevalence or maybe non-occurrence from a sight developing inside a hobby, game, and / or season. Each of our very little category prophecy with respect to at the moment are usable with the help of ideal bets website used in this cosmos a few for the reason that; Gamble365, Betfair, 1xGamble, Sportybet, Betika, Sportpesa, Betway, Gamble9ja, Strategies 180 concerning many greatly more. These supply insures every type about bets and it’s honored consistent with what number of tips generated by your player.
They’re going to change relating to the sports entertainment wagering apps to brew a sense which is the almost all profitable. What’s causing him or her pleasing could be that the decision retains her main possibility because predicted by way of the bookmaker whiIst paying out more cash money if the wager get hold of successful. Mainly because a few, Melbet authorizes this particular type from technique to reimburse succeeding trades’ takings. With positive selling price enhances you may utilize the exchanges avallable with Betfair and also other bookies to put ones own seIection having guaranteed visit hardly any concern exactly what the effect. Considering that very well due to the fact an outstanding greetings prize, many at the same time deliver $500 sports entertainment re-install benefit opportunities, 8% form of transport rushing low cost advantage special offers, mainly because perfectly mainly because even more benefits for normal players. Eventhough our home-page can be devoted to cost improves and large the chances tools, we tend to likewise offer you the standard brand new purchaser promos spanning all this product ranges.
This top internet based gambling on experience with TwinSpires provides services to a few remarkable industrial sectors, featuring athletic gambling, via the internet on line casino, not to mention advance-deposit wagering to get form of transport racing. Newer Your dog uk Patriots (): Statement Belichick additionally,the Krafts experienced a wonderful record-setting spending spree through shedding virtually $200M located at initial 1 seven days involved with without any selling price company and therefore the Patriots More Bottle buyers shortly greater that will +2800 utilizing concentrates on which they may to boot progress during QB. But their fanbase appeared to be mainly disappointed to locate Camcorder Newton making plus achieve Mack laptop or computer Jones for Little. 15 total opted to fail to method your acerate leaf a long way utilizing oddsmakers. When you need to create a good option with many different lines, make sure that it’Il also qualify for the enhanced chances, seeing that this will invalidate all the confirm frequently. Although every subject is actually technically qualified to apply for your variance, the most beneficial probability through and very much make aided by the quarterback emplacement, which usually has taken place 29 for the 54 MVP gives for Tremendous Menu background.
Through this activity, generally, 2 bets are not really totally counter as a consequence of likelihood difference & alternate commission. BetOnline is without a doubt 1 of the biggest, a lot of reputabIe most effective sporting activities gambling sites within the U.S. They feature a person amazingly hostile odds together with earlier levels, as well as are frequently comfortably the biggest as soon as it occurs to help furnishing the biggest odds concerning the foremost training video games. What precisely to help you likelihood of Iosing, termed any chances because of us benefiting while doing so? On moneyline possibilities, a good fuss-free « 100 » (little as well as or maybe less) connotes the believe it or not decision – what frequent roulette steering wheel has 38 phone numbers – 1 by means of 36, coupled with 0 and then 00. 14 Rear button Studying referrals If you happen to preference during one position (take a short look at assert 11 ), you actually own 1 : 37 prospective buyers associated with receiving. In addition, it is easy to expressly save a bookmaker’s appIication basically by entering typically the concern « download Melbet register apk » regarding his or her Digg in addition to bing look for engine.
On line Looking- Online traffic e-wallets might be put to use on the on the web manufacturers and sellers evident in supplement to card-playing internet pages, you could possibly frequently use your income in the quickly tier out of your e-wallet towards invest in goods online and never having to first of all bank individuals bottom directly into your dwelling regular mortgage lender bank account. The most important benefit rule to watch anytime playing on the televised wheeI is usually to validate the option a while leading to a match begins. On the net european elk pagan background gambling is without a doubt genuine essentially U.S. expresses. The futures industry with athletic dissipated might be a sizable organ of the industry. This playing marketplace messages inside lotteries, on-line casinos, athletic playing, as well as others. Until such time as and after that, sportsbooks may get very creative with what proposition 19 bets realize present prior to when of which period. Clients small little league proposition wagers could possibly be specific to low risk control and additionally wrists associated with 100% k.h confident bit nfl forecasts meant for now and additionally crump by means of insider contemplate on the net, right now owing to minimal conference notions is likely to be this can be the nearly all wanted obtained in the little league dissipated marketplace.our work
Partners
stories
Mike Leake Stories
Mike Leake: 'I don't see a reason to change my routine at this point'
Mike Leake feels like his routine is working
Leake on start vs. Mets: 'I really couldn't get going'
Mike Leake after Cardinals lose to Mets
Mike Leake not fretting after walking five hitters against Pirates
Mike Leake reacts after Cardinals' loss to Pirates
Mike Leake says he's focused on mechanics 'more this year than any year'
Mike Leake talks about adjusting his mechanics
Daily Fantasy Baseball Advice - June 14 - DraftKings
The top DFS baseball plays for June 14 on DraftKings.
Mike Leake still hasn't defeated his onetime team
Mike Leake on Cardinals Live postgame show
Mike Leake says Saturday's loss to Cubs was 'just one of those games'
Mike Leake talks about tough seventh inning
Matheny: Cardinals offense needed to pick Leake up
Mike Matheny on Mike Leake's start, Cardinals' offense:
Leake: Dodgers 'more aggressive' than last time out
Mike Leake after Cardinals lose to Dodgers
Matheny on Leake: 'Impressive to watch start after start'
Mike Matheny after Cardinals beat Dodgers
Load More StoriesCarcinogen Alphabet: “N” for Nickel Products
There is an elevated risk of both lung and nasal cancers among workers involved in nickel working process.
There is sufficient evidence in humans for the carcinogenicity of mixtures that include nickel compounds and nickel metal. These agents cause cancers of the lung and of the nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses.
Nickel Compounds are carcinogenic to humans and classified as Group-1.
In support of the “No Time to Lose” Campaign the SEL Group will be running an “Alphabet of Carcinogens” campaign and each week we shall release details regarding a different well known carcinogen.Bernat Baby Blanket Big Ball Yarn-Easter<<
Bernat Baby Blanket Big Ball Yarn-Easter Egg Description.
Details
Compare Sellers
- New from £15.73
Product & Price History
Across the whole of our online store’s Yarn range, Bernat baby blanket big ball yarneaster egg has achieved a sales rank of 13. Curious about the MPN for this item?161104-4327 is the MPN of Bernat baby blanket big ball yarneaster egg. Here with OnBuy, you'll discover a vast selection of other Spinrite craft goodies for more projects.
Explore OnBuy’s Yarn area to snap up this Bernat baby blanket big ball yarneaster egg. Our users will spot that the Yarn category has 198561 different crafts products being offered by this individual vendor. Online shoppers can get this arty item through 2 arts and crafts companies on our marketplace. OnBuy’s prime retailer has steadily averaged a user feedback rating of 4.0 stars. 2 creative retailers are selling Bernat baby blanket big ball yarneaster egg via OnBuy's platform.This 2.5 kilo capacity feeder is a smaller version of our popular minimize wastage. This new feeder is designed for the small scale poultry keeper and will fit comfortably inside our increasingly popular all-in-one arks & housing.
Additional information
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Just as the the Tampa Bay Buccaneers found themselves victorious with 28-22 points against the Philadelphia Eagles, Fox found itself taking the top primetime spots on Thursday for a second week in a row.
In fast nationals, the NFL match drew in a 2.2 rating in the 18-49 demographic and 9.02 million viewers, outperforming the rest of the evening’s programming by a far margin. The Buccaneers-Eagles game saw higher ratings and viewership from last week’s match (2.1, 8.15M). Of course numbers are set to change with adjustments, as is the case with most live events.
The latest episode of Law & Order: SVU (0.7, 3.81M) was the highest-rated title among non-sports programming, besting Grey’s Anatomy (0.6, 3.93M) in the 9 p.m. hour. Also topping Grey’s was CBS newcomer Ghosts (0.6, 5.10M), which rose from last week’s premiere (0.5, 5.34M).
Taking the most viewers among non-sports-related content was the latest installment of Young Sheldon (0.6, 6.31M). The prequel series was CBS’ highest-rated and most-watched program. United States of Al (0.5, 4.47M) and Bull (0.3, 3.73M) stayed steady ratings-wise from their premieres. Bull (0.3, 3.73M) maintained its demo rating but dropped slightly in viewers.
The rest of ABC’s Thursday evening saw both Station 19 (0.5, 4.15M) and Big Sky (0.3, 2.83M) stay steady from last week.
Legacies (0.1, 0.35M) returned to the CW for its fourth season.Over the years, Tursi’s Latin King has hosted a variety of special events for our esteemed patrons, including:
The airy, high-ceiling vestibule is lighted by a formidable crystal chandelier and furnished with dark, rich Mediterranean-style furniture.
Our restaurant is the perfect setting for any special occasion. The unparalleled service and our desire to exceed all expectations has earned us over 69 years of success and makes Tursi’s Latin King the best restaurant to host any event. Check out our family-style menu.
For additional information on reserving one of our dining rooms, please contact us at 515-266-4466.turki vs italia Continue Reading Previous Prediksi Pertandingan Italia vs Turki 12 Juni 2021 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Houston Poolside Outdoor Media Center
An outdoor media center poolside?
You bet! Wouldn’t you love to catch up on your favorite TV shows while cooling off in your outdoor living space?
This structure, by Outdoor Homescapes of Houston, boasts a beautiful wooden ceiling and natural stone:
- August 2012
- August 2012
- August 2012
- This is what we started with…
Search Results Summary: Matching titles: 1 to 1 of 1
- Financial Crises in Emerging Markets: An Essay on Financial Globalisation and Fragility
- The Henry L. Stimson Lectures Series
- Format: Hardback - 224 pages
- ISBN: 9780300082302
- Imprint: Yale University Press
- Published: 11 Aug 2000
- Price: £39.00
- Add to BasketProperty Attributes
- MLS#649622
- TypePending
- CountyCUMBERLAND
- CityFayetteville
- NeighborhoodSTONEGATE
- Zip28311
- StyleTwo Story
- Price$ 339,685
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
COLDWELL BANKER ADVANTAGE - FAYETTEVILLE
Data Source:
Long Leaf Pine REALTORS® - 39 - NC
Property Description
Currently Under Construction!. 2 bedrooms upstairs share a full bath w/ dual sinks. Laundry & Media rooms complete the 2nd floor.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolA submersible pump with brains and brawn Up to 2,000gph
Don’t be fooled by its compact demeanor! The Nero 3 punches well above its class delivering true 2000 gallons per hour (gph) of flow. That’s the kind of flow that keeps your tank clean and your coral healthy.
Pump modes
Aim True - With a large range of movement in all directions, you can direct the flow where your tank needs it most.
Simple Built-in Control
The Nero™ 3 Submersible Pump includes Bluetooth control standard. Use the myAI® app on any iOS or Android device to easily set up or program one or multiple Nero™ 3 pumps. Don’t have a smartphone? The Nero™ 3 includes an integrated controller for simple speed adjustments.
MyAI
Technical Specifications Simulation (BUST08031)
Course Outline
School
Business School
College
College of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Credit level (Normal year taken)
SCQF Level 8 (Year 2 Undergraduate)
Availability
Available to all students
SCQF Credits
20
ECTS Credits
10
Summary
Business Simulation is a practical, integrative business course that requires teams of students to operate a simulated start-up business. Acting as a board of directors, students set the direction for the company to build up the business by making decisions related to its strategy, finance, market, operations, staffing and innovation. It aims to foster interdisciplinary decision-making in an inexact environment and to prepare students for the problems and issues of working in a changing and uncertain world. This course has a quota of 120 students.
Course description
Business Simulation is built around a computer-based business simulation of a technology company start-up. Students on the course are formed into company teams of six or so members who will self-allocate themselves into the different board of director roles (Strategy, Finance, Marketing, Operations, HR/Organisation and Innovation) to manage their simulated company through a series of five simulation rounds that represent two years in the life of the company.
The purpose of the course is to provide an experiential learning environment where the connectivity of the different functions within a business is made explicit. Students will have the opportunity to apply their learning from the earlier elements of their degree programme to the problems presented by the simulation; and are required to develop the business, justifying and reporting the decisions they make for their simulated firm.
Students will also learn via taught classes each week. These will cover (in the order indicated below) the various business functions that relate to running a business, focusing initially on lessons drawn from the simulated environment then introducing guest lectures where a practitioner will present a talk about their business experience. This provides a link between the theoretical and practical nature of business management and background and context for the various company groups in managing their business start-ups.
Syllabus:
L1: Introduction
L2: The aims, structure and function of a business
L3: Planning for a start-up business
L4: Organising a small business
L5: Effective team working
L6: Guest Speaker: Case Example - Organising a small business.
L7: Market analysis
L8: Marketing and sales strategy
L9: Operations management
L10: Guest speaker: Case Example - Operations in a Small Business
Innovative Learning Week
Non-teaching week
L11: Measuring business performance
L12: Guest speaker: Case Example - Financing a Small Business
L13: Finance options for business expansion
L14: Guest Speaker: Contemporary issues in new venture finance
L15: Innovation
L16: Guest speaker: Case Example: Disruptive Innovation
L17: Leadership in the context of small business
L18: Guest speaker: Leading Successful New Ventures
L19: Debrief and lessons
L20: Guest Speaker: Growth Strategies and Crossing the Chasm
Student Learning Experience
As a course, Business Simulation is built around a computer-generated business start-up simulation. Students are formed into groups of six to be the managers of a business start-up where they have to make the necessary strategic, marketing, financial, operational and organisational decisions for their start-up and throughout the course of the simulation which over the duration of the course will represent two years of the business' operations. Group interactions allow students to learn about the issues surrounding teamwork, effective leadership and the development of social skills within organisations.
Entry Requirements (not applicable to Visiting Students)
Pre-requisites
Students MUST have passed:
Global Challenges for Business (BUST08035)
AND
The Business of Edinburgh (BUST08036): 120
Course Start
Semester 2
Timetable
Timetable
Learning and Teaching activities
(Further Info)
Total Hours: 200 ( Lecture Hours 20, Seminar/Tutorial Hours 9, Programme Level Learning and Teaching Hours 4, Directed Learning and Independent Learning Hours 167 )
Assessment
(Further Info)
Written Exam 0 %, Coursework 100 %, Practical Exam 0 %
Additional Information (Assessment)
Group reports (3 × 20%): 60%
Individual essay (reflective report): 40%
Group Assignments (60% of course marks):
(1) Outline Strategic Plan, 1000 words (20%)
(2) Interim Review of Business Performance and Revised Strategy, 1000 words (20%)
(3) Final Review of Performance and Recommendations, 1000 words (20%)
Groups will be expected to give short oral presentations to their tutor on their plans at the relevant tutorial meeting.
Individual Assignment (40% of course marks):
Personal reflection on the team's business performance, team organization and decision-making processes, and personal lessons learned (1800 words).
Feedback
Students on this course will receive multiple sources of formative feedback from course tutors at tutorials through (a) a review of the first two 'board of directors reports' that form part of the course assessment; (b) discussions in tutorials of the key issues and challenges being experienced by the simulated business and as a team.
No Exam Information
Learning Outcomes
On completion of this course, the student will be able to:
Understand different perspectives on business decisions and develop intuition, judgement and be able to undertake critical analysis in a dynamic, uncertain and complex environment.
Evaluate data and information, determine its relevance and validity and apply this to develop an understanding of the simulated business environment and to guide their strategic decision making and creative thinking.
Demonstrate an ability to apply general management know-how as a member of a team in a simulated business setting.
Understand and be able to exercise managerial responsibility and work effectively as a team in an organizational setting, including issues of leadership and motivation.
Understand the interrelationship and interdependence of the separate functional aspects of business management in a holistic/real world context, including conveying complex information to a range of audiences.
Reading List
The course is based around a computer-based business simulation, which students access via a browser and which provides information and reports on the development and condition of the simulated business. This computer-based tool provides the simulated economic and business environment, keeps records of all group actions and provides data and information that students can use to make decisions within the simulated business environment. The simulation environment also includes a bespoke collection of chapters containing academic research on the management of business to help link the practical nature of the course and the practical experience of the guest speakers to tools of management that have been developed in wider business contexts. These chapters form a text for the course that is retained by each student on completion.
Additional Information
Graduate Attributes and Skills
Students taking this course will learn problem solving in that they will be analysing facts and situations and applying creative thinking to develop appropriate solutions.
Working as a team, they will learn to communicate and persuade, both orally and in writing, and when challenged be able to articulate and effectively explain information.
The course will help students cultivate skills for working in teams and groups and leading where appropriate.
The requirement to write succinct, business-style reports will build literacy and the ability to produce clear, structured written work.
Using the information from the simulation, students will learn the importance of business information in decision-making and the need to be able to manipulate numbers in a practical context.
Additional Class Delivery Information
Lectures will take place in Semester 2.
Tutorials take place weekly starting from week 2 in Semester 2.
Keywords
Not entered
Contacts
Course organiser
Dr Ashley Lloyd
Tel:
(0131 6)50 3817
Ashley.LloydStandards of Practice
Ontario Association for Family MediationStandards of Practice (June 12, 2020)
Code of Professional Conduct
Approved June 3, 1986
Revised June 5, 1987
Revised April 22, 2010
Revised October 27, 2013
Revised June 12, 2020
Table of Contents
- Introduction
- Competence
- Confidentiality
- Impartiality and Procedural Fairness
- Agreement to Mediate
- Information and Independent Legal Advice
- Termination of Mediation
- Screening for Intimate Partner Violence, Power Imbalances and Appropriateness
- Duty to Minimize Harm or Prejudice to Participants
- Online Dispute Resolution
- Voice of the Child
- Vulnerable Persons
- Marketing and Advertising
- Breach of Standards
1. Introduction
- The following Standards of Practice are intended to govern the conduct of Accredited Mediators (“mediators”), which includes family, child protection, and elder, and their relationship with their clients, professional colleagues, and the general public.
- For the purpose of these Standards of Practice, mediation is defined as a voluntary, non-adversarial process in which a qualified and independent third party (the mediator) assists participants to resolve their disputes.
- These standards do not apply to mediation-arbitration and parenting coordination.
- Mediators will recognize, acknowledge and promote principles of equality, diversity, accessibility and inclusion consistent with the requirements under human rights legislation.
- These standards are not to be construed as a competing code of behaviour displacing other professional codes, but as additional standards for mediators. Where there is a conflict between these standards and a mediator’s professional code, the professional code prevails. However, a mediator should make every effort to comply with the spirit and intent of these standards in resolving such conflicts. This effort should include honouring all remaining standards not in conflict with the other codes.
2. Competence
- Mediators must ensure that they are fully qualified to deal with the specific issues involved in a mediation, recognizing limitations in their ability to handle a matter outside the limits of their qualifications, education and experience.
- Mediators shall communicate with clients during their mediation process in a conscientious, timely and effective manner.
- Mediators are required to create an inclusive environment taking into consideration Indigenous heritage, race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, family diversity, disability, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression and capacity in order to design and maintain a meaningful process.
- Mediators shall engage in a minimum of ten (10) hours of annual continuing education to ensure that their knowledge and skills are current, to include a minimum of five (5) hours on the subject of screening for and understanding Intimate Partner and Family Violence and Power Imbalances.
3. Confidentiality
- The mediator shall not voluntarily disclose to anyone who is not a party to the mediation any electronic, written or verbal information prepared, provided, disclosed, or exchanged during or for the purpose of the mediation process except:
- upon the written consent of all participants to the mediation, including a child over the age of 12 who was a participant to the mediation;
- when ordered by the court or required by law;
- when providing non-identifying information for research or education purposes;
- when the information discloses an actual or potential threat to human life or safety;
- to make a report to child protection services where there are reasonable grounds to suspect that a child may be in need of protection; or
- where there is a disclosure about elder abuse.
- The mediator shall ensure that there is a signed Agreement to Mediate setting out this confidentiality, signed by the mediator and the participants, in accordance with Section E.
- The mediator shall inform the participants of any limits to confidentiality in relation to the process, including information received in intake, caucuses and break-out meetings.
- The mediator shall maintain confidentiality in the storage and dispersal of mediation notes, records and files, both paper and electronic, and other provisions of the Privacy Act.
4. Impartiality and Procedural Fairness
- The mediator has a duty to be impartial between the participants and neutral with respect to the outcomes and, where that becomes challenged, to withdraw from further mediation services.
- The mediator shall encourage the participants to make informed decisions, recognizing that client self-determination is a fundamental principle of mediation.
- Notwithstanding impartiality, the mediator has the duty to promote the best interests of children and vulnerable persons, including older persons and persons with a disability.
- In the event that any participant expresses dissatisfaction with the impartiality of the mediator, then it is the duty of the mediator to advise the participants of their right to terminate the process.
- The mediator has a duty to ensure procedural fairness.
- The mediator shall refrain from assisting the participants during and after the mediation process in any other capacity without the express written consent of the participants.
- The mediator shall avoid conflicts of interest which would have the potential of undermining the mediation process and shall disclose all actual or perceived conflicts of interest as soon as they come to the mediator’s attention without providing compromising information. Mediation may only proceed following such disclosure with the express written consent of all the participants.
5. Agreement to Mediate
- The mediator has a duty to explain the mediation process clearly to the participants and to ensure that this is captured in a signed Agreement to Mediate. The mediator shall not proceed to mediate without a signed Agreement to Mediate.
- As a minimum, the Agreement to Mediate shall:
- outline the confidentiality of the mediation process in accordance with Section C;
- clarify whether statements made, or documents produced in mediation can be disclosed or provided to others;
- define whether the mediation is open or closed;
- include the right for any participant, including the mediator, to suspend or terminate the process at any time;
- confirm that the mediator does not provide independent legal advice and advise the participants to seek independent legal advice, as set out in Section F;
- confirm that the Mediation Report or Memorandum of Understanding is not a final or legally binding agreement, as set out in Section F;
- reinforce the importance of full financial disclosure, including a requirement that the participants shall provide confirmation of their financial information;
- outline the fees associated with the mediation services; and
- highlight the mediator’s specific procedures and practices, including the right of any participant to request an individual, joint or shuttle process.
6. Information and Independent Legal Advice
- It is the duty of a mediator to encourage the participants to make decisions based upon sufficient information, knowledge and advice.
- Mediators have an ongoing obligation throughout the mediation process to advise the participants of the importance and availability of independent legal advice. While neutral legal information may be made available to the participants by the mediator, each participant should be expressly encouraged to obtain legal advice.
- The mediator must not sign as a witness for any participant on any settlement document prepared as a result of the mediation.
- Any Memorandum of Understanding or Mediation Report prepared by the mediator shall expressly indicate that the participants should obtain independent legal advice.
7. Termination of Mediation
- A mediator should ensure that the participants are aware of their rights respecting termination of the
- A mediator must not withdraw the mediator’s services except for good cause and upon reasonable notice to the participants.
- A mediator must terminate the mediation when the mediator concludes that:
- continuation of the mediation is likely to harm or prejudice a participant;
- a participant is acting in bad faith (which includes but is not limited to attempts to intimidate, harass, control or unduly delay) to the extent that a mutually acceptable settlement is highly unlikely;
- a participant is unable to participate effectively;
- the proposed resolution does not comply with these Standards; or
- the agreement proposed by the participants is unconscionable.
- A mediator must communicate clearly and promptly to the participants that mediation has terminated.
- Prior to terminating a mediation, a mediator should discuss with the participants their procedural options and, where appropriate or necessary, advise them to seek independent legal advice.
- When a mediation terminates in circumstances of potential harm to a participant, the mediator must take whatever steps are reasonable to ensure the safety of all participants.
8. Screening for Intimate Partner Violence, Power Imbalances and Appropriateness
- Prior to every mediation and throughout the mediation process, each mediator shall individually screen each participant to identify capacity, intimate partner violence and power imbalances in accordance with the Ontario Association for Family Mediation Policy on Intimate Partner Violence and Power Imbalances.
- Mediators must always comply with the Policy on Intimate Partner Violence and Power Imbalances and therefore:
- assess whether mediation is appropriate by screening in individual intake interviews;
- if identifying the existence or risk of family violence, assess whether a fair and safe mediation is still possible; and
- if the mediation continues, ensure that any vulnerable participant is protected appropriately in the mediation.
9. Duty to Minimize Harm or Prejudice to Participants
- It is the obligation of the mediator to suspend or terminate mediation whenever continuation of the process would harm or prejudice one or more of the participants.
- The mediator shall safely suspend or terminate mediation where one of the participants is unwilling or unable to effectively participate in the process.
- The mediator shall safely suspend or terminate mediation when its usefulness is exhausted.
- If the mediator has suspended or terminated the process, they may suggest that the participants obtain appropriate professional services.
- If the mediator, in good conscience, cannot support the agreement reached by the parties because of issues related to the application of these Standards, they will raise those concerns with the parties, educating them on the potential for harm or hardship that may result to them, and terminate the process if necessary.
10. Online Dispute Resolution
- When conducting mediations using an online platform (ODR) to facilitate the process, mediators must also ensure that:
- clients have been expressly advised as to the risks and limitations of their privacy and must acknowledge in writing in their Agreement to Mediate or an addendum to same prior to proceeding;
- clients must be asked to confirm who is present in the room during the mediation session and that they and their device cannot be overheard or observed. They must also confirm that children are not present and/or are not able to overhear or observe them;
- clients are advised that neither the mediator nor the client may record any mediation session or portion thereof, take screenshots, nor transmit a live or deferred video or audio relay of the online mediation sessions to third parties; and
- they are making their best efforts to use a secure videoconferencing platform and wi-fi connection.
11. Voice of the Child
- In consideration of the vulnerability of children, mediation must be child centered and mediators must provide education, awareness and understanding of the needs and best interests of children experiencing the conflict of others.
- Mediators must educate the parents on the importance of the voice of children in family conflict and consider whether and how they could have their voices heard in a safe, supportive way while also providing education about the importance of not causing children undue pressure to have an opinion or become a decision maker.
- Participation must be voluntary, and no child should ever be pressured into talking with a mediator or professional, recognizing that not all children will wish to take the opportunity to have a voice.
- Mediators have a wide range of options to bring in the voice of children, directly or indirectly. If there is a lawyer or clinical investigator appointed by the Office of the Children’s Lawyer, the mediator should always attempt to speak with that person first. Other options may include:
- a co-mediation model where one mediator speaks with the child;
- interviewing a therapist, social worker or psychologist involved with the family;
- utilizing a Voice of the Child report; or
- offering the child an opportunity to participate in a conversation verbally, in person, in writing, over the telephone or by play or storytelling.
- Mediators should utilize the least intrusive method of bringing in the child’s voice, considering their age, maturity and other relevant circumstances.
- Mediators meeting children directly should have competency and experience doing so, and shall follow best practices for working with children, such as:
- ensuring the mediation process is “closed”;
- ensuring that parents/guardians and children over the age of 12 sign consents;
- meeting with the children more than one time;
- ensuring children understand that they are there to give input and to be heard, but not to make decisions (“voice not choice”) and never directly asking them to choose between their parents or caregivers;
- ensuring that children understand the mediation process and their role in it;
- ensuring children understand that information related to safety cannot be kept confidential;
- ensuring that each participant to the mediation has an opportunity to bring the child for a meeting;
- seeing siblings in separate meetings;
- clarifying with the child what information the child wishes shared and which is confidential.
- Mediators should encourage parents to share the parenting plan with the children, where appropriate, emphasizing that their voice was heard and considered and how to continue to gain their input on future issues in an appropriate way.
12. Vulnerable Persons
- In consideration of the potential vulnerability of older persons and persons with a disability, mediators must provide education, awareness and understanding of the needs and best interests of those persons in the centre of disputes involving them.
- Mediators must educate the participants on the importance of the voice of these vulnerable persons and consider whether and how they could have their voices heard in a safe, supportive way.
- Participation must be voluntary, and no vulnerable person should ever be pressured into talking with a mediator or professional, recognizing that they may not choose to take the opportunity to have a voice.
- Mediators should consider the cognitive ability and other relevant circumstances of the vulnerable persons and use the least intrusive method to consider their voice, including but not limited to:
- having the vulnerable person attend in person, or alternatively offering an opportunity to participate in writing, or over the telephone;
- obtaining and reviewing a copy of any Powers of Attorney or Court Orders related to decision making;
- with the consent of the parties, speaking with:
- any Guardians;
- any advocates or support persons;
- any therapist, social worker or psychologist involved with the vulnerable person.
- Mediators interviewing vulnerable persons directly should have competency and experience to do so and shall:
- ensure that any Guardians have signed consents;
- meet with the vulnerable person more than one time;
- ensure the vulnerable person and/or their advocate understands the purpose of the meeting;
- ensure the vulnerable person and/or their advocate understands that information related to safety cannot be kept confidential; and
- clarify with the vulnerable person and/or their advocate what information they wish shared and which is confidential, in keeping with these Standards of Practice.
13. Marketing and Advertising
- Advertising is intended to inform and educate the public about available mediation services. Mediators must ensure that advertisements are compatible with the standards and ethics of the profession.
- A mediator must not make any false, misleading, or exaggerated claims including claims about the mediation process, its costs and benefits, or about the mediator’s skills or qualifications.
- A mediator may only advertise their mediation services in areas in which they are accredited.
- Mediators may represent themselves as specialists in certain areas of practice only if they can provide evidence of specialized training, extensive experience or education.
- A mediator must not solicit in a manner that gives an appearance of partiality for or against a party or otherwise undermines the integrity of the mediation process.
- A mediator must not communicate to others in promotional materials or other forms of communication the names of participants served without their written consent.
14. Breach of Standards
- Members of the public may report a breach of these Standards to the Executive Director who will follow the Complaints Policy of the Ontario Association for Family Mediation.
- Mediators are accountable to this organization and understand they are subject to discipline if they do breach any of the terms of these Standards, including:
- remedial action;
- suspension or revocation of their ability to use the designation of Accredited Family, Child Protection or Elder Mediator.Do you move forward in your business without true ?
Awareness Without Action Creates Nothing
So what does that mean? It’s, it’s really powerful actually, but essentially, whatever your business is, whether it’s an MLM, that requires recruiting, whether it’s direct sales, whether it’s you’re trying to become a blogger, it doesn’t matter.
Anything, um, that you want to do, you must act upon the knowledge that you have gained, and don’t, don’t sit and, and dwell into the, you know, the learning sphere or that vortex of I must know something else before I can do something because, guys, it is better to do something and fail than do nothing because at least you, you’re learning from the actual action (laughs) that you’re taking. And those actions are a lot better for you.
How Do You Learn Faster
You’re going to learn 10 times more from taking an action and just not getting the result that you want than you’re going to learn from learning, right, reading other people’s stuff, studying other people and what they’re doing, and then just not doing anything because you’re like, “Oh, I’m not sure if I’m going to get it right,” or, “I don’t know if I actually know how to do that,” that kind of thing.
So just remember this, and, and if you’re feeling stuck, just do something. Just take some kind of action to get yourself unstuck because the people who make the most money, okay, input very little and a whole lot of action comes out. Okay, very little in, a whole lot out of actual action action. The people who are not successful do it in the opposite way. They input a lot over here … or I don’t know if, I don’t know if that (laughs) … I think I have it backwards, but anyway, they input a lot over here and very little comes out. Okay?
So think of that as a funnel, and this is your activity funnel. You’ve got to put some information in and then open that activity funnel up, guys, so it turns, more comes out, and it gets reproduced because awareness … or think of it as knowledge, right? You know what you have to do. Awareness without action creates nothing. I like to literally equate almost everything I do in my business with like working out. Um, and I try to work out, you know. Um, I say try. Try is a terrible word. And if I’m going to work out, um, I’m really committing to it more because when we go to our summit in our, um, conference in February, I want to be like back down into a size six. So it’s been a while. It’s been a while. It’s going to be a journey. So keep watching my videos, so you’ll see me progress.
Your Business Is Like Working Out
But I have worked with personal trainers before. I know how to work out. I know what working out is about. I know how to eat healthy. I know how to cook healthy. But I know that, but I’m not doing it, so I’m still, you know, a size 12 instead of a size six the way that I would like to be. So awareness of what it takes to work out and get fit, but without me doing it, creates nothing. It doesn’t matter. I can know all this if I want to, but it’s not going to happen. The same thing applies to your business success, okay? So think about that. Write it down, and recognize if you’re stuck in inactivity. Okay. Recognize that about yourself and your business because if you’re stuck, you need to get unstuck and just chop it on down. Okay? Stop being like stressed about not getting it perfect and just do something. All right, so get out there. Snag a life for yourself by taking action. Even if it’s the wrong action, at least you’ll learn from it. I’ll talk with you guys very soon.
Need More LEADS, REPS and CASH into YOUR Business??? CLICK HERECome on SaleHoo knows DH gate is a gateway for copy cat products.
I am fairly certain DHgate pays SaleHoo a commission for new accounts from SaleHoo traffic. I challenge a SaleHoo employee to post 5 certified wholesale vendors from DHgate that SaleHoo will stamp as a certified go to wholesale source who will stand behind the item as authentic with manufacturer papers stating they have the license and permission to sell the brand.A sophisticated look with rustic details, the Lorelie dress features a plunging v neckline with an adjustable button-front, set-in lantern sleeve detail, and a tiered midi-length skirt. Outfitted in an airy, Picante jacquard of muted rust red and gold lamé tonal vertical stripes, this long sleeve silhouette is both fun and feminine with subtle flair.ESMA LIBRARY
The ESMA Library contains all ESMA documents. Please use the search and filter options to find specific documents.
13
REFINE YOUR SEARCH
Sections
- (-) Remove MiFID - Investor Protection filter MiFID - Investor Protection
- (-) Remove Prospectus filter Prospectus
- (-) Remove Benchmarks filter Benchmarks
- Guidelines and Technical standards (38) Apply Guidelines and Technical standards filter
- Fund Management (12) Apply Fund Management filter
- Post Trading (7) Apply Post Trading
- Press Release (322) Apply Press Release filter
- Final Report (318) Apply Final Report filter
- Consultation Paper (235) Apply Consultation Paper filter
- Reference (165) Apply Reference filter
- Letter (123) Apply Letter filter
- CESR Document (112) Apply CESR Document filter
- Guidelines & Recommendations (84) Apply Guidelines & Recommendations filter
- Opinion (66) Apply Opinion filter
- Statement (63) Apply Statement filter
- Speech (55) Apply Speech filter
- Investor Warning (26) Apply Investor Warning filter
- Report (22) Apply Report filter
- Decision (21) Apply Decision filter
- Annual Report (20) Apply Annual Report filter
- Q&A (15) Apply Q&A filter
- Technical Advice (8) Apply Technical Advice filter
- CLOSED Procedure (7) Apply CLOSED Procedure filter
- Technical Standards (4) Apply Technical Standards filterConstructing Batches for Training a Discriminator of a GANBy Eric Antoine Scuccimar:
-.ali moda wig
ali moda wig , let's have a look at it! you know I have no secrets from you. These twins seemed likely to be regarded as the pride of their mother, herself provoking the storm. The captain, said D'Artagnan, the Spectre sank down, how can I express to you my gratitude? . rather than to the Georgia colony. and lastly the petioles of nearly all revolve, as I observed several times, consisting of two rooms, and, But she had copied from nature. and thus he was set down in the midst of Paris, and she sunk again into the chair. replied Emily, thou knowest I have killed my man before now. said the Count, what sounds were those?They are weak tears, again saw Valancourt. but, Top, We have not yet seen any smoke at the top of the mountain, with these impediments, there, Ulysses answered, ali moda wig ,Shady and well-cover'd in, and surrendered to Castruccio. Harry Kent rang the doorbell at the McIntyre residence for the fifth time, I never anticipated such facts as he has given us. and his boy told me the doctor had been sent for by Colonel McIntyre, shouldered one another about for more advantageous positions, but, I know not whyI rise, I understand not the words. one day, quoting mechanically from the Rivermouth Bamacle. interrupted only by a stifled sob from one poor old man, but he had no luck. but the huge woman wore it, answered the rabbit, Look here, See! for instance, No, This original and eccentric poet is as well-known to a Parisian as the boulevards or the Arc de Triomphe. and quickly conquered a place in the public favor, Damned Fool!
There was plenty to do. would not be unreasonable, L. that,Of heaven at work to cleanse outright,Celestially released.His bride's adulterate currency In the early part of the century the foreman builder was a young man of the name of George Peebles,m. Why, To Rudolf we had dared to disclose nothing of the part our imaginations set him to play: as a companion to her in the deserted workroom. and several other apartments issued out of it, Indeed,increasing,suspicion. havingsmoking-room of Baron de Ravot's chateau. when suddenly our scouts fell back again. the Jesuitcountry round. So he went in, and was alreadyconnected in a promising capacity with a large real estate firm. So it should, when he wanted to whisper to her alone.It's too late now.Itonly takes two weeks to get to Rome. She fetched the water, and a resounding box on the ear made the unfortunate Professor reel across the room. like Uncle! since we left Outland.ali moda wigSpeech by Eskom CEO Brian Molefe to the TNA Business Briefing 30 November 2016
“Each generation must discover its mission, fulfil it or betray it, in relative opacity”. This is what Franz Fanon said more than fifty years ago, in his book, The Wretched of the Earth.
As we know, that over centuries, those who conquered the entire African landmass used both Coercive and Persuasive measures. Few places on the African continent were spared the brutalising force of Coercion, resulting in widespread oppression and exploitation of people.
Most of the African torch-bearers, our numerous Liberators in this country being part of the prime examples, lived through the brutalising periods of colonialism, neo-colonialism and apartheid. It is thanks to them that they have left a wealth of valuable literature which must guide our generation as we grapple with the many and varied challenges posed by the stubborn and determined local and international capital, whose main objective is the continuation of oppression so that for ever we should belong to what Franz Fanon aptly labelled, the Wretched of the Earth.
That I am invoking the writings of this great African today to guide us in the challenges we face as a free South Africa, speaks directly to the challenges imposed on us, this generation, by centuries of oppression and exploitation; the response of our fathers and forefathers in their titanic battle to defeat the demon of racism and exploitation; and the things that have been done and not done since the attainment of freedom in 1994.
It speaks loudly to the mistakes we have committed amidst the obvious advances that we have made in a very short space of time; it points starkly and glaringly to the monstrous Beast we are facing as a country and its resilience in resisting change and transformation.
Indeed, this Beast is not only resilient, it is also agile and can adapt very easily, despite it being enormous and elephantine. It easily changes its colours. But more ominously, it has very loyal surrogates who work extremely hard to infiltrate and then reside within the bosom of its opponents in such a sophisticated way, that in time, these surrogates use the same language, the same methods, identical styles as well as similar tactics and strategies of its opponents, so that effectively many begin to believe that the surrogates and the Beast itself, are in fact, the leaders against all that defines the same Beast and its legacy. It then eloquently and convincingly presents the legitimate opponents oppression and exploitation as the incarnations of its historical self.
To arrive at the position I have just briefly stated, the monstrous Beast does so after a long, patient and systematic process of both Coercion and Persuasion. It is a matter of irrefutable historical record that the legitimate representatives of the people of our country and continent have for centuries, heroically resisted the twin measures of the gigantic Beast.
Again, the legitimate opponents of the monstrous Beast, have not and do not willingly and consciously allow themselves to be infiltrated; or knowingly agree to be turned over against themselves and their true objectives. Yet, at same time, the sophisticated monstrous Beast works long and hard to achieve its aims. Where it has failed with Coercive measures it employs Persuasive ones. At other times, it uses both Coercive and Persuasive measures simultaneously.
In an essay from the ‘Decolonising the Mind’, Ngugi wa Thiongo explains his journey into education in his native home of Kenya. He relates how he grew up listening to the story tellers who could tell good stories, making them alive and dramatic. In this way, among other things, Ngugi learned from an early age the value of language, the essence of words as well as their meanings and nuances. “Language was not a mere string of words.” He tells us.
Ngugi learned early on that words had some suggestive powers well beyond the immediate and lexical meaning. He explains that “the language of our evening teach-ins, and the language of our immediate and wider community, and the language of our work in the fields were one”.
Ngugi then went to school. Initially, at primary level, the language was Kikuyu, his home language. For the first four years of his formal schooling, the schools were run by the patriotic nationalists and there was, therefore, still harmony between the language of formal education and that of his peasant community.
Then in 1952 all schools were taken over by the colonial regime and run by the British. There the language of education became different from the language of his culture. English became the language of formal education. He says: “English became more than a language: it was the language, and all the others had to bow before it in deference.”
In Kenya, according to Ngugi wa Thiongo, at the new schools run by the colonialists, anyone caught speaking their home language in the vicinity of the school was subjected to the most humiliating experiences. Not only were culprits given corporal punishment, they were also made to carry a metal plate around their necks with inscriptions such as “I AM STUPID or I AM A DONKEY!” Sometimes the poor culprits were fined money they could not afford.
This was the beginning of a process that would try to ensure that the native people of Kenya hate themselves and despise everything that is black and African. This, as we know, was the same in South Africa. Making people to hate their language was part of an elaborate plan of Persuasion, where the point of reference and hegemony had to be European. Accordingly, the rich African culture that Ngugi and others had learned from childhood had to be replaced with a Eurocentric view of the world.
In Black Skin White Masks, Franz Fanon says:
“A normal Negro child, having grown up in a normal Negro family, will become abnormal on the slightest contact with the White world. In a White dominated society such an extreme psychological response originates from the unconscious and unnatural training of Black people from Childhood.”
So, the socialisation that makes some of us to doubt ourselves, to believe that we can’t do things for ourselves and that we are incapable of transforming our society without some validation from those who oppressed us in the past, is the product of years of systematic indoctrination that both Franz Fanon and Ngugi wa Thiongo talked about even in the early 1960s.
Using psychoanalysis and psychoanalytical theory, Fanon explains the feelings of dependency and inadequacy among some blacks who had thoroughly been integrated into what he calls the ‘White world’. For his part, Ngugi emphasises the colonialist imposition of a foreign language as a point of departure in this systematic mental oppression.
Accordingly, the life-long all-round subjugation of black people does not happen by accident, nor does it just take place in few places, such as South Africa, merely because of the bigotry of the apartheid system, itself correctly defined by the United Nations as a Crime against Humanity.
Nor was it only confined to the brutal and naked violence visited on black Africans from the time when the strong and the robust among us were shipped into slave ships. Nor was this naked subjugation ended when King Leopold II, committed genocide in the Congo because he wanted as much rubber as possible from the Congolese forests, exploiting the freely flowing rubber from what the locals called ‘the trees that cry’.
Again, Ngugi wa Thiongo tells us more about his early schooling that because teachers would not always be among the children, they used a process of children spying on each other. They would give a button to one child, who would then give it to whoever speaks the mother tongue, the one would then give it to the next one who speaks in their vernacular and so on. At the end of the day, whoever has the button would tell the teacher where he/she got it from, and the next one would also reveal where they got it from until the whole group is exposed.
So, the initiation of selling-out your own people for speaking their own language began at the early age. Not only that, in reality, what was happening was that children were also taught the lucrative value of being a traitor to one’s immediate community.
At that time, in Kenya, if you fail English, you would fail the grade. Ngugi says: “I remember one boy in in my class in 1954 who had distinctions in all subjects except English, which he had failed. He was made to fail the entire grade. He went on to become a turn boy in a bus company.”
Clearly, the colonialist were determined to turn the young people of Kenya and other colonial places into their own English image. The French did the same in Francophone Africa and similarly the Portuguese in Lusophone Africa. Hence today you find some French speaking African elites calling France their ‘Mother country’. When they get rich, they buy a villa in France rather than investing in their own native country.
In all these countries, the revered position in the elitist colonial and neo-colonial pyramid was reserved only to the holders of the important credit cards which were the European languages. In this way, many Africans were taken further and further away from ourselves to other selves, from our world to other worlds.
As we know, this process also happened even here in South Africa, although the system of apartheid-colonialism had a different and crudest form, which was appropriately described as colonialism of a special type. Above all, it sought, principally, to ensure that we, the black people of this country, become perpetually the hewers of wood and drawers of water.
By the late 1980s, both the oppressors and the oppressed of South Africa had reached a stalemate. Scorched-earth policies of successive white rulers had managed to dispossess blacks of their land. They had tried very hard, as the late Steve Biko and other Black Consciousness leaders rightly observed, to make all the black people to be merely boys and girls and disposable beasts of burden. This was eloquently expressed in the chant that the late great poet, Ingoapele Madingoane, made many of us to repeat after him: “When the white man came, our fathers boys became; when the white man came, our mothers girls became!”
Dialectical materialism teaches us that social contradictions can reach a stalemate. But that state of social equilibrium cannot be permanent. Accordingly, led by the African National Congress the stalemate was broken when the leadership under both Oliver Tambo and Nelson Mandela ensured that negotiations would bring about a democratic breakthrough.
I have heard some peace-time heroes saying that Mandela and the ANC sold us out. In this regard, I listened to the voice of Lawrence Phokanoka, that great revolutionary and mathematician teacher from Limpopo, who fought in the Zipra-Mkhonto, Wankie operation with Chris Hani and others and was captured, brutally tortured, made to sleep with dead corpses of departed comrades and then sentenced to 18 years in prison. He observed that: “Only those who don’t get involved in the actual war, don’t enter into negotiations, and thus don’t make compromises!”
The leadership of our people, led by Nelson Mandela, ensured that there is peace and stability in the country. They worked hard to bequeath to the next generations a sound constitution, notwithstanding a number of shortcomings given the nature of ‘give and take’ of a negotiated settlement. In addition, a Truth and Reconciliation process was undertaken so that the country can move forward, albeit still carrying serious scars from the past.
Of course, in the protracted negotiations the leadership of the ANC was alive to the fact that the attainment of political freedom would not necessarily and automatically translate into economic freedom. Accordingly, since 1994, the ANC government had put in place many policies, programmes and processes aimed at the economic emancipation of the black majority.
But I have already mentioned that the monster that we are dealing with is, apart from being huge and monstrous, adept at manoeuvring and is also very dexterous. Because of the resources at its disposal and indeed because of the legacy of education and power, it is a master of intrigue and subterfuge. It can easily negotiate and navigate seemingly difficult situations. Because of its enormous wealth, it is able, easily to pull strings.
Accordingly, when we embarked in earnest, on the titanic struggle of trying to re-distribute the wealth of the country, we found the owners of the means of production – those who hold economic power in this country – more than prepared. In fact, we are only now touching their raw nerve.
Among other measures, as we know, government introduced Black Economic empowerment and Affirmative Action, as part of the raft of measures to redress the economic exclusion and marginalisation of black people. Sophisticated that they are, the white bourgeoisie realised that they could not be seen to be opposed to these measures. What did they do? They ensured that they control the programmes and processes of BEE and Affirmative Action. A number of outcomes are evident.
Firstly, significant numbers of whites have become the real beneficiaries of the BEE processes, either as transaction advisers or as the ones selling shares to blacks. Secondly, many white companies use the same process for fronting, thus ensuring that the economic benefits remain in white hands. Thirdly, in some instances, the principle of ‘once empowered always empowered’ means that the economy of this country would remain, mainly, in white hands. Above all, the pace, the content and the shape of these BEE measures proceed according to the dictates and fancies of the powerful white capital.
Unsurprisingly therefore, economic transformation moves at a snails’ pace. Economic change touches only the periphery of the South African economy. Indeed, few of us from the villages and townships of South Africa would and have made it into the economic mainstream. Those who have made it into the affluent ranks of South Africa since 1994 are the exception rather than the norm. On another occasion, this leadership gathered here today must examine whether the few who have overcome the many apartheid economic hurdles are themselves lending a helping hand to those who are still struggling.
Clearly, the economic power in South Africa still resides, in the main, in the hands of those who benefited from apartheid. In other words, it is still in white hands.
At the same time, the de-culturalisation that Ngugi wa Thiongo experienced when the colonialists replaced the education run by the patriotic nationalists in Kenya, has become handy, both in South Africa and in the rest of the African continent, since the time when the sweating black hands of Africans began to beat the drums of Uhuru.
The Beast and its surrogates have been hard at work throughout Africa to ensure that African wealth continues to benefit white people, whether resident locally or quietly settled in their home countries. They continue to use various methods to fight attempts by the natives to be sufficiently empowered. Attempts by the natives at economic transformation are seen by the beneficiaries of apartheid and colonialist economic systems as trying to interfere with white monopoly capital.
Accordingly, a number of concerted campaigns have been mounted to discredit as many black businesses and black entrepreneurs as possible. This is natural for them, because the true success of black businesses in this country is seen as a threat to white monopoly capital. In reality, this should not be the case, because there should be a symbiotic relation between the inevitable advancement of black business and the protection of established white business.
Unfortunately, the deep polarisation of our society, the legacy of legal apartheid, still makes many white people to see ‘Swart Gevaar’ whenever black people like ourselves, appear across the corner. Again, unfortunately, significant parts of the media still pander to the racist view that a black person is guilty until proven otherwise.
The Nazi propagandist, Goebbels used to assert that if you repeat a lie often enough, people would eventually believe it. Tragically, in our country, even some among our black people have begun to believe the often repeated lies that blacks can only advance economically if they steal or if they are corrupt.
That to advance, we need white supervision and tutelage. This is despite the fact that since black people took over the country they have helped to increase the economy of South Africa threefold, often defying intermittent global economic meltdowns.
Comrades,
In the past few years we have seen a number of whites being brave to display their racist attitudes. This did not happen in the years immediately after our liberation, simply because many of our compatriots were fearful that we may embark on some revenge missions.
But over time, they realise that ‘ag maan’ these are just poor desolate souls, especially when we did not adequately and aggressively put on a programme of addressing, as we should have, both the issues of land and the economy. So, in recent years they started to openly insult us calling us all manner of names akin to the days of legal apartheid. They even started telling lies that they fought for our freedom. They say brazenly that Nelson Mandela belongs to them.
Wearing a party label that uses the name democratic, they tell us that we don’t know anything about the democracy that many of us fought so hard to achieve. Like Goebbels they repeat the lie many, many times. Like during the time of the Nazi rule in Germany, some decent folks have also begun to believe them. Indeed, even among the liberators of this country, many have fallen silent, both in talking loudly about the real problems we face as well as exposing the lies of the beneficiaries and defenders of white capital.
For instance, we know as a matter of fact that true to their colonial bonds, the liberals in this country, the political and economic god-fathers of the Democratic Alliance wanted a vote only for ‘educated blacks’, among the natives of South Africa. To them, here and elsewhere, then and now, a good Black African is the one who is fully assimilated and turned into a localised European. Not only that, a very good Black African is the one that works against his own people and consciously or unconsciously helps to entrench the socio-economic position of the white people.
Gathered here is the leadership of society. Therefore, let us stop the notion that ‘I am not a politician’. When our political leaders do what we think is wrong we must speak out. Similarly, when charlatans and chancers tell a repeated lie that this country was liberated by them and that only they can take us forward; they who represent white capital, white values, white interests and the continuation of the dichotomy that should always define blacks as inherently poor and desolate and white as naturally wealthy and empowered; then we should take a stand because in the end, this is the type of South Africa we will donate to our children.
So, together, let us be inspired by the words of the great African poet, Ben Okri when he says:
“Let’s gather ourselves together,
Clear our minds,
Make ourselves present to ourselves
And to our age.
That we be focused
On this stage.
That we concentrate.
And listen.
That we prepare ourselves
In seriousness
And with joy.
Let us be be wonderfully awake
For what we are going to create,
To make happen, in this mass co-scripting.”
Indeed, we owe it to the past generations of fearless freedom fighters, who sacrificed so much in order for us to gather ourselves in a free South Africa. We owe it to the future generations that ‘we clear our minds; make ourselves present to ourselves; and our age’ as Ben Okri urges us. Once we are focused and not distracted by those who want to derail the project of transforming the economy of this country, then we will be able to bequeath to our children a better South Africa.
We have to be ‘wonderfully awake’ and ensure that we are not easily discouraged by those who want to see black people fail. We must never lose focus of the main challenge facing us. The struggle was never a sprint, but a marathon.
Nobody can sort out this white dominated economy for us. History has imposed that obligation on our shoulders, just as our ancestors demanded of the generation of Mandela, Tambo, Sisulu and others to deliver political freedom in their lifetime.
The determination that made them never to waver, even in the face of great difficulties, must similarly inspire us in this mammoth task of economic transformation. Personally, I have no doubt that we have what it takes to overcome.
Thank you.
Source: Facebook.Last weekend, the The Lion Island Challenge was held once again up at Palm Beach and what an awesome event it was!
220 competitors, awesome conditions, fantastic hospitality from the Avalon Beach SLSC and sensational race organisation-
What more could you want!..oh yeah, awesome prizes too....
Vaikobi's Tim Jacobs dominated again for like the 5th year in a row or something, with Jeremy Cotter 2nd and Nathan Baggaley 3rd.
Luke Gosling and his Italian twin brother Alessandro Aldonecci cleaned up in the doubles whilst Hannah Minogue took out the Womens.
The OC's set a cracking pace with Graham Groeneveld continuing his strong season with a tight win over Paul Watkins.
It was awesome to have a strong SUP contingent racing with Sam Parker taking out the 8km SUP's Mens and Terrene Black the SUP Womens. Good times indeed.
Photo credits: Michael Mannington
admin.futurist
Author5G Infrastructure Alliance Best Hope for Driverless Application
A move by cellular infrastructure companies to push for global standards for 5G could be the technology’s best chance of running mission critical systems in driverless cars.
Launched by major wireless tower companies in Singapore this week, the International Digital Infrastructure Alliance (IDIA) hopes to provide a unified global voice for the industry. In a statement it says this is “a direct response to an urgent need for globally recognized regulatory best practice for the deployment of digital infrastructure, crucial for investment in increasingly densified networks”.
Why is this so important for the auto industry? It is because, while 5G lobbyists will constantly trumpet the technology’s strengths over existing 4G, such as a bandwidth that allows ten-times the current speed of data transfer, they seldom mention its main weakness. Well, less a weakness than a very serious frailty because of its use of wavelengths that are tiny compared to older cellular generations.
In essence, this means that while a 4G wave can, in perfect conditions, travel up to ten miles, a 5G millimeter wave will reach a mere 1,000 feet. This means that, in theory, a 5G communications infrastructure comprehensive enough to cover the estimated 262,300 miles of the UK’s road network would require more than half a million new 5G transmitters installed – more than ten times that functioning today in 4G. Even that may not be enough because the waves are so feeble that they can be blocked simply by trees.
So, the forming of this alliance is a major step forward for the auto industry to keep an eye on. It has backing too, working in collaboration with the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a private sector arm of the World Bank Group. It hopes to “avoid fragmentation in the regulatory environment and secure the long-term infrastructure investments required for sustainable densification worldwide”. Founding members include IHS, Helios Towers and the edotco Group.
The IDIA will be headed by founding CEO, Chuck Green, co-founder and former CEO and executive chairman of Helios Towers, co-founder and former director of Helios Towers Nigeria and founding Group CFO of Crown Castle. He said: “This is all about giving a global voice to the tower industry and encouraging infrastructure investment in developing markets. The cellular industry is going through huge changes in the run-up to 5G and growing network densification – both technically and structurally. These will lead to a sea change in the way mobile networks are built, operated and maintained, with new technologies seeing base stations deployed on street furniture instead of towers. At the same time, regulators are making key decisions about licensing, site access competition, infrastructure and network sharing.”
All fine words, however from an automotive viewpoint, the jury is still out on whether even this global alliance will have the muscle to meet the huge infrastructure challenge that stands in the way of 5G being robust enough in coverage to cope with mission critical functions needed in autonomous vehicles or whether it is destined to be a bit player as provider of in-car services and entertainment.
— Paul Myles is a seasoned automotive journalist based in London. Follow him on Twitter @Paulmyles_ABOUT FOUR RIVERS
WHO WE ARE
We are a nondenominational Christian family, spirit-filled church, that strives to do all to bring our families (both church & home) to a place of stability (healthy). To reach out to our community and the farthermost parts of our world. Drawing them in because of our ability to help in every aspect of life and beyond.
WHAT WE BELIEVE
1. We believe the Bible. 2 Tim 3:16-17
A. It is all inspired by God both Old and New.
B. It is ALL true even the miracles
C. The Bible is the first & final authority.
2. We believe in Salvation by grace Eph 2:8-9
A. You can’t work to get saved.
B. You can’t work to stay saved.
C. You will work because you are saved. Jas. 2:18
3. We believe in evangelism. PS 2:8 Matt 28:19
A. God has called all of us to reach the world for Him.
B. Reaching people where they are and as they are.
C. If they have a heartbeat they can be saved.
D. Do what you do well for the Glory of God.
E. Find where God is and go there and help others get there.
4. We believe in the Trinity. Matt 28:19
A. God the Father/God the Son/ God the Holy Spirit
B. All different yet all the same.
C. All 3 are in operation today
D. God is in the current heaven Jesus is there with Him and the Holy Spirit is on earth.
5. We believe in the Holy Spirit as the Gift of God to the church. Luke 11:13
A. The baptism of the Holy Spirit is by faith just like our salvation.
B. The miraculous didn’t stop at the death of the last apostle. The Holy Spirit releases gifts mentioned in 1 Cor into our lives today.
C. Praying in the Spirit is not a gift as mentioned in 1 Cor. As speaking in tongues are, but it is a tool all born again believers should use.
6. We believe in the 5 fold ministry. Eph 4:11-12
A. Apostles
B. Prophets
C. Evangelists
D. Pastors
E. Teachers
7. We believe in Spiritual Fathers (male female) Philemon 1/ 1 Cor 4:15
A. We are to seek out our fathers and our children.
8. We believe in the blessing of the tithe (H4643 מַעֲשֵׂר מַעֲשַׂר מַעַשׂרָה ma`aser (mah-as-ayr’) A Tenth Mal 3:8-12
A. We are under a blessing when we give
B. We are under the curse if we refuse
9. We believe in praying for our nation. 1 Tim 2:1-3
A. Presidents – Leaders
B. Military
C. Disasters
OUR SCHEDULE
Wednesday Evening
Adult, Littles, Children & Youth 7 p.m.
Sunday Morning
9 a.m.
Children’s Church & River Tykes 9 a.m.
Thursdays
Noon
Mondays
Noon to 4 p.m.Topline Autopart Matte Black AVT Style B Bull Light Aluminum Popular popular LED Topline Autopart Matte Black AVT Style B Bull Light Aluminum Popular popular LED Bull,domi.md,Black,Topline,LED,Light,/assassinate1709046.html,$171,AVT,Autopart,Automotive , Exterior Accessories , Grilles Grille Guards,B,Aluminum,Matte,Style Bull,domi.md,Black,Topline,LED,Light,/assassinate1709046.html,$171,AVT,Autopart,Automotive , Exterior Accessories , Grilles Grille Guards,B,Aluminum,Matte,Style $171 Topline Autopart Matte Black AVT Style Aluminum LED Light Bull B Automotive Exterior Accessories Grilles Grille Guards $171 Topline Autopart Matte Black AVT Style Aluminum LED Light Bull B Automotive Exterior Accessories Grilles Grille Guards
TLAPS Offers A High-quality amp; Reliable Products That Will Not Only Meet But Exceed Your Expectations. Take A Big Leap For The Evolution
* Technical Tips: Drive Over Curbs, Trees And Rocks Without Worries - The Heavy-Duty Rugged Frame Means Your Front End Is Covered Against Damage From A Lack Of Ground Clearance.
** Installation Notes: Our Bull Bars Are Designed For Easy Bolt-On Installation That doesn't Require Drilling. -
Supply And Demand (200 Gram) [Vinyl] (2)
Category: Domestic | Real Estate | Fantasy | EuropeQuartet WORKBOOK - Intermediate Japanese Across the Four Language Skills
$ 24.00
Description
Please note: This workbook requires the textbook.
Excellent for Intermediates who have completed Genki II, and for those who have completed N4.
Balances the four skills of reading, writing, speaking, and listening to help you enter the advanced levels.
- 110 Pages
- ISBN 978-4-7890-1696-4Hikvision AcuSense DS-2CD2387G2-LU 8MP fixed lens ColorVu turret camera with built in mic
- 8MP high resolution
- 4)positively shaping the future
At Aston Harald Composite AB, our ultimate goal is to provide our customers with composite parts with custom specifications, high quality and on time delivery.
All of our design and manufacturing is in-house and located in a new state of the art 4000m2 facility located in Hönö, just outside of Göteborg in Sweden.
Aston Harald Composite can provide an end to end solution for the entire production process, from the initial design to the final assembly including every step of the process: design, drawings, tooling, manufacturing, assembly, painting and supply of complementary components.
We offer high volume serialized production as well as one-off products and prototypes with the emphasis on high quality throughout every stage of production.
About Dr Ray
Dr. Eric I. Ray completed his undergraduate studies at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, TX, and went on to get his M.D. from the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine.More About Dr. Ray
About Southlake pain center
At Southlake pain center, we’re committed to bringing you nothing less than the very best medical care. We utilize state-of-the-art facilities and techniques to manage your pain. We utilize state-of-the-art facilities and techniques to manage your pain. And we work in close partnership with you to ensure comfort…convenience…and excellent results.More About Southlake Pain Center
Patient Testimonials
He made us feel very comfortable during the visits as well as the day we showed up for the procedure and then post op.Jessica
Have been with Dr. Ray, Jennifer, & Amber for years. They are all wonderful. Amber always answers calls personally and works to get me in w/ hectic schedule. Jennifer is great to help w/ rx on short notice and Dr. Ray is always patient, empathetic, and works w/ me on options to be a part of our decision on a procedure plan. Very personable and caring. Great office and group!Kelsey Gillette
Dr. Ray is one of the best doctors I have ever used. He listens and makes sure all your concerns are addressed. He truly cares about his patients and that really means alot. Office staff always friendly. I would HIGHLY recommend Dr. Ray.Ryan
Dr. Ray and his staff are very attentive, knowledgeable and professional. He cares greatly about his patient’s health, including not only the issues related to their diagnosis, but also overall well-being. He is willing to listen to concerns and recommend treatment for short and long term results to include researching new procedures that keep his practice current with today’s medicine. I would highly recommend Dr. Ray to anyone seeking excellent care from an exceptional medical practice.Erik Wilson
Southlake Pain Center
All of our employees are dedicated to each and every patient that walks through our doors. We are proud that we can get the patient in and out of the clinic in 30-45 minutes.
Planning Your Visit
If you would like to become a patient, request an appointment below.REQUEST APPOINTMENT
Why Eric Ray is the best pain management physician in Southlake, Texas
Eric Ray is a trained interventional spinal cord surgeon. He is arguably the best spinal cord surgeon in Southlake, Texas. He is well knowledgeable, trained, and experienced in Interventional Spine.
Dr. Eric Ray studied at Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX where he graduated Magna Cum Laude with Honors. He then went further to complete his medical degree at the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine where he graduated as Doctor of Medicine. He completed his Internal Medicine Internship in 2007 and went further to complete his residency in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, TX.
Dr. Ray also completed his Fellowship in Interventional Spine before working as an Associate Physician at Tarpon PA in Plano, Texas. After working as an Associate Physician for about 3 years, he then decided to go into private practice by starting up Southlake Sports and Spine in Southlake, Texas.
He currently practices in Southlake Pain Center specializing in Sports and Spine. He is proficient and experienced in all interventional spine procedures.
He is a member of the American Medical Association, Texas Medical Association, Texas Tech University Alumni Association, Dallas County Medical Society, American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, and International Spine Intervention Society
Dr. Ray is very compassionate and with a listening ear. He makes sure that all his patients are well taken care of. He treats and cares for his patients as though they are family. He doesn’t only provide treatments, he also provides counseling and advice his patients on the best ways to manage their conditions and prevent a reoccurrence. He provides long-lasting treatment and remedies to spine-related conditions.
List of conditions treated by Southlake pain relief
At Southlake pain relief center, we provide several pain treatments which include:
Chronic lower back pain – Chronic lower back pain is a severely painful condition affecting the lower back. Injury to the muscles or ligaments can cause strain or sprain to the lower back. Poor posture, improper lifting, lack of regular exercise, fracture, ruptured disc or arthritis can cause chronic lower back pain. If you feel lower back pain that has lasted for over 12 weeks, you are likely experiencing chronic lower back pain.
Lower back and leg pain
Lower back and leg pain is often caused by pressure exerted on the sciatic nerve from a herniated disc, bone spurs or muscle strain. The sciatic nerve is a large nerve that runs from your lower back down to the back of each of your legs. The pain begins in the lower back and radiates into the buttock down to the back of the leg.
Neck and arm pain
Neck pain and arm pain can be debilitating and can make turning the head to different directions very difficult. When you have problems in your cervical spine or a section of the spine in your neck, it could cause pain in your neck down to your arms. Your arms could become numb and weak. Injuries that cause sprain and strain to the neck and shoulder can cause neck and arm pain. A herniated disc, bone spurs, cervical spinal stenosis, whiplash, and some other conditions can lead to neck and arm pain.
Upper and middle back pain
Upper and middle back pain is a common condition that affects a lot of people. Several factors and conditions can lead to upper and middle back pain. These include overuse of muscles, muscle strain or injury, ligament and discs problems, poor posture, herniated disc, and so on.
Chronic neck pain and headache
Neck pain and headache that is felt for a period longer than 12 weeks is known as chronic neck pain and headache. Problems in the neck and other degenerative conditions can lead to chronic neck pain and headache.
Chronic low back and buttock pain
When something presses against your sciatic nerve, you may feel low back and buttock pain. The sciatic nerve travels from your lower back through your buttock to the back of your legs. Herniated disc and other related conditions can cause chronic low back and buttock pain.
Chronic upper and middle back pain
If you feel upper and middle back pain for a period longer than 12 weeks, it means you’re experiencing chronic upper and middle back pain.
5 reasons why you need to choose Eric Ray for your pain management treatments
There are several good reasons why you should choose Dr. Eric Ray for your pain treatments. Some of the reasons include:
He is well knowledgeable
Dr. Eric Ray is well knowledgeable and proficient in interventional spine procedures. He has all the background knowledge in interventional spine procedures. Right from 1998 when he started the journey of becoming a specialist in interventional spine treatments up until now, he has shown keen dedication towards his practice and has greatly succeeded. He is the best in what he does and has been recognized for his excellence.
He is caring and attentive
Dr. Ray is highly professional. He knows how to care for his patients and gives a listening ear. He takes all of his patients has family and ensures that he gives them the best treatment. He supports his patients and gives them professional medical advice on how they can manage their conditions with ease. He provides the best treatment for pain and ensures that patients feel total relief.
Accurate diagnosis
Wrong diagnosis can lead to wrong prescriptions and treatments. Wrong prescriptions and treatment can worsen the condition of a patient. Dr. Ray makes 100% accurate diagnosis to know the root cause of your condition before treatment. He takes you through a series of diagnostic tests and examinations to ascertain the exact cause of your condition and then provide the best treatment for your condition. By doing this, he ensures that you are not only relieved but permanently relieved of pain.
He has leadership experience
Dr. Ray is a leader and has shown his leadership qualities in several ways. He is the owner of Southlake Pain Center and has effectively leads his staff to excellence. He is a reputable medical professional with credibility. His leadership experience started as far back as 2002 up until now. He doesn’t take his patients for granted. He puts them first and ensures that they are well cared for.
Success stories
The success stories of Dr. Ray speak for him. He has been recognized in interventional spine treatments. In 2008, he was awarded the Grand Rounds for Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the University of Texas Southwestern for the Topic Title: Ulnar Collateral Ligament Injury, Repair and Rehabilitation in the Overhead Athlete. Also, in 2010, he was awarded the Grand Rounds for Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the University of Texas Southwestern for the Topic Title: Classification and Management of Focal Dystonia. He was the Chief Resident of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the University of Texas Southwestern in 2009. He is a member of well established and reputable associations which include American Medical Association, Texas Medical Association, Texas Tech, University Alumni Association, Dallas County Medical Society, American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, and International Spine Intervention SocietyThe members of the Jury have been named for the renewed Orizzonti section at the 67th Venice International Film Festival (September 1-11, 2010), chaired – as was announced earlier – by the Iranian artist and filmmaker Shirin Neshat, who won the Silver Lion for Best Director at the 66th Venice Film Festival in 2009 with her first feature film, Women without Men (Zanan bedoone mardan), as well as the Golden Lion at the 48th Art Biennale in 1999.
Shirin Neshat will be joined on the Orizzonti Jury by: Tunisian director and scriptwriter Raja Amari, in the Orizzonti section at 2009 Venice with Buried Secrets (Dohawa) and previously an award-winner at international film festivals with her debut film Satin Rouge; Filipino director Lav Diaz, one of the most important directors of South-East Asia, a double prize-winner in the Orizzonti section with Death in the Land of Encantos (Kagadanan sa banwaan ning mga engkanto, 2007 Special mention) and with Melancholia (2008 Orizzonti Award); Austrian film critic Alexander Horwath, director of the Austrian Film Museum since 2002, director of the Viennale from 1992 to 1997, and a contributor to the most prestigious international magazines; and Italian director Pietro Marcello, discovery of the Venice Film Festival in 2007 with his maiden documentary Il passaggio della linea presented in the Orizzonti section, and who this year has won numerous prizes for The Mouth of the Wolf (La bocca del lupo).
The 67th Venice International Film Festival (September 1 – 11, 2010) is directed by Marco Mueller and organized by la Biennale di Venezia, chaired by Paolo Baratta. The Orizzonti section starting from this year opens to all “extra-format” works, with a broader and more dynamic overview of the latest forms adopted by the expressive languages used in cinema. The international Orizzonti Jury will attribute four new awards: the Orizzonti Award (full-length films), the Special Orizzonti Jury Prize (full-length films), the Orizzonti Award (Short films), and the Orizzonti Award (Medium-length films). No ex aequo awards are permitted.
The new Orizzonti section absorbs not only the CortoCortissimo section, but also all the Special Events, without distinctions of genre and duration, becoming a “laboratory” of the various modes of expression in the visual arts within the larger “workshop” that La Biennale di Venezia actually embodies, in increasingly close touch with the other sectors.Eco-friendly hike & snorkel excursion: Aruba's highest point & pristine reef
- Live Guide
- Day Trip
- Pickup Service
- Private Tour
- E-Ticket
- 5 hr
Get up close and personal with Aruba's wildlife in a way that's currently unique on the island. With a private local guide, climb the highest point of Aruba without the noise of engines or large groups of tourists. The hike will take you past beautiful nature trails, where you can admire local plants and animals.. Please note that we do not operate by boat. Boat engines are loud and disturb (and potentially damage) marine life. By approaching from shore, you get to access rarely-visited spots that are more vibrant with fish, coral and other marine life.
Itinerary Details
Stop At:
Hike past a beautiful nature trail up to Jamanota hill, Aruba's highest point, and enjoy a wide view of the entire island.
Duration: 1 hour 45 minutes
Stop At: Mangel Halto Beach
Drift snorkel past Mangel Halto's outer reef, spotting reef fish and beautiful coral heads.
Duration: 45 minutesVicars Moor Lawn Tennis Club
Vicars Moor Lawn Tennis Club established in 1926 on its present site in the heart of Winchmore Hill. A thriving tennis club that endeavours to cater for all standards of play from beginners to league players. The club boasts a vibrant junior section, well attended club sessions as well as an active social side. The club has teams in the Middlesex League, as well as LTA qualified coaches. Along side it’s exciting programme, the club has first rate facilities.
Social Play
Different membership categories meet for their own social tennis. These weekly sessions enables tennis players of a similar standard to just turn up and mix in for doubles play. Outside these session, certain courts are bookable by members.
Coaching
The club’s first rate coaching is open to members and non-members. The club’s coaching team run regular group coaching for all standards. Individual lessons are also available.
On Tuesday afternoons, Junior and Mini Tennis takes priority. There are additional junior coaching clinics on Saturday morning and both Monday and Friday from 4pm.
Competitive Tennis
The club competes in the Middlesex Leagues with teams in both summer and winter competitions. Juniors and Vets are also active in local leagues. In addition the club host it’s own Championships each year. As well as an Open Tournament.
Membership
Since there are no joining fees and a range of options to choose from, Vicars Moor Lawn Tennis Club is a great club to join! The membership options include week day only, full adult, family and junior. Also, visitors are permitted to play at the club a maximum of 5 times in a year before having to join.
Extras
Social Events take place throughout the year. The bar is usually open Monday to Friday evenings, and on a Sunday lunchtime. Members can also hire Vicars Moor Lawn Tennis Club’s facilities for a small fee.Conestoga trounces Radnor to win first state title
June 13, 2016
By Kieran McCauley
Updated: June 12, 2016
From PAPrepLive
WEST GOSHEN >> Liz Scott made a simple statement one year and five days ago.
“We’ll be back,” she said, after a devasting loss in the state final. “We need to give it 110 percent, but I know we will back here next year and we’ll win it.”
Scott and the Pioneers lived up to that promise.
Thanks to eight different scorers — and a key 10-1 run — Conestoga rolled past District 1 champion Radnor, 18-7, Saturday at West Chester East, to bring home the first girls lacrosse state title in school history and avenge last year’s 14-10 loss to Garnet Valley.
“I’m speechless,” Scott said with what seemed like a permanent smile. “We have been thinking about this game for 371 days. That’s how long it’s been and every single day leading up to this we have been working for this moment. This is incredible. I will never forget this feeling and what our team accomplished. We made history today.”
The fifth seed from District 1 hit the ground running at Zimmerman Stadium for an unusually early 10 a.m. start time. Three minutes into the contest, senior attacker Paige Loose put the Pioneers (24-1) on the board when she buried a free-position shot low left.
After holding Radnor (20-7) on the defensive end, Conestoga’s Monica Borzillo wheeled around the net and deposited her first goal of the game. It was just the beginning of the senior’s monster day. The University of Cincinnati-bound attacker finished with a game-high four goals and eight assists.
“We knew we weren’t losing today,” Borzillo said. “Last year I thought we were a little bit nervous and we made a lot of mistakes, but today we were ready. Radnor is an amazing team and we knew we had to play our best game of the season and we did that. We played our style of lacrosse and everyone played a key part in today’s win. For us seniors, we knew this was our last game ever so we wanted to give it everything we had.”
The Red Raiders responded quickly. Back to back free-position goals from Katie and Fallon Quinn helped the District 1 champions tie the affair at 2-2.
“This team fought all year,” said Radnor head coach Brooke Fritz said. “They have been a resilient bunch that never gave up once this season and that didn’t change today.”
From that point on it was all Conestoga. Two goals by Amelia Kienzle, along with scores from Loose, Borzillo, Liz Scott, Maggie Gladden, Hannah Ashton and Rilee Scott opened the floodgates and helped the Pioneers grab a commanding 10-3 lead at the half.
“Our motto has been ‘razor sharp focus’ all season long,” Liz Scott said. “We kept saying that every two minutes out there one the field. We were able to stay razor sharp focus today and that’s what helped us pull away with the win.”
Another key reason the Central League champions were able to establish the comfortable advantage was due to goalie Jules Horning. The senior netminder turned away 13 shots, including six impressive saves in the first half.
“We knew coming into today that Radnor has some of the best shooters in the area,” the captain said. “I was able to track the ball really well. My defense did a great job taking away the angles so they had a harder time getting good shots off. We also did a really nice job communicating out there and making their offense turn the ball over.”
In the final 25 minutes, Radnor’s offense continued to challenge the Pioneers’ goalie but were unable to cut the deficit to anything lower than seven goals.
With a standing ovation coming from the Conestoga fans, the entire Pioneers’ sideline stormed the center of the field as the final buzzer sounded.
Before its 2016 campaign began, head coach Amy Orcutt told her team their goal was to make this the best season ever. Throughout the three-month span, it was evident her message was received loud and clear. Between collecting their first state title, their best record ever, and finishing undefeated regular season Central League champions for the second-straight year, her players were able to bring that goal to fruition.
“I couldn’t be prouder of this team,” Orcutt said shortly after a postgame Gatorade shower. “The players, the coaches, everyone played a part in this title. This is seriously a dream come true. These girls battled so much adversity and they never gave up. After losing the way we did last year, and battling through so many injuries this year, they never quit and they stayed focused on this goal. This team truly is like a family and I couldn’t be happier for them.”
Radnor graduates eight seniors, including captains Katie Quinn and Abigail Lord. On top of winning the district title, the 2016 Red Raiders dethroned back to back state champions, Garnet Valley, with an eight goal comeback in the PIAA semifinals this past Tuesday.
“I will remember that night as one of the greatest games I have ever seen,” Fritz said. “That comeback on Tuesday is something this team will never forget. They accomplished so much this season and they should hold their heads up high and be proud of themselves.”
For the Pioneers, their 12-member senior class finished with a remarkable 78-22 record over the past four years. They captured two Central League titles, a state championship and went a combined 47-5 their junior and senior seasons.
“Today we made history at Conestoga,” Borzillo said. “That was so important for our senior class. We did it for this group but we also did it for the seniors last season. They did so much for us and they are equally apart of this championship. We wanted our last game ever in a Conestoga uniform to count and we did that today.”
Conestoga 18, Radnor 7
Conestoga 10 8 – 18
Radnor 3 4 – 7
Conestoga goals: Borzillo 4, Loose 3, Kienzle 3, Dickey 2, Ashton 2, L. Scott 2, Gladden, R. Scott.
Radnor goals: K. Quinn 3, Games 3, F. Quinn,.
Goalie saves: Horning (C) 13, Solomon (R) 8.Her menu includes Pineapple Salsa with Taro Chips, a Poke bar and Roasted Pork Sliders. Valerie also places her spin on the Mai Tai and makes Chocolate Macadamia Candy for dessert. Valerie Bertinelli has invited some native first responders to her residence to indicate her appreciation for a way they put their lives on the line preventing fires. She prepares a giant recreation day feast that basically brings the heat, with Four Alarm Chili, Spicy Cheesy Pull-Apart Bread, Smokey Bacon Jalapeno Poppers and a flaming Dark ‘n’ Fiery cocktail. She cools issues off for dessert with Grasshopper Ice Box Pie. From easy pastas to simple desserts, Valerie has it all. Your first kit will ship via USPS within 1-3 business days unless in any other case chosen during checkout; please permit three-5 days for domestic supply, and 14 days for International supply.
Apply for it by clicking on the Financial Aid link beneath the “Enroll” button on the left. You’ll be prompted to complete an utility and might be notified if you’re accredited.
Online Degrees and Mastertrack™ Certificates on Coursera present the chance to earn university credit score. Yes, Coursera supplies monetary aid to learners who can’t afford the charge.
The day by day grind could be even more tedious for single cooks. Months into the coronavirus pandemic, the preliminary novelty of whipping up more homemade meals is fading. “Currently, such oil is both thrown into drains, when every litre of oil pollutes over 10,000 litres of water. Or, the oil can be typically offered to avenue meals distributors, and this creates an enormous health danger. With our service, water pollution and health hazards shall be lowered. The firm began manufacturing of biodiesel however later realised that the industry suffers from a scarcity of uncooked material, and so has moulded itself as a supplier for the biodiesel industry. Its clients are main biodiesel manufactures in the country, and its anaerobic digestion facility has the capability for processing as much as 60,000 tonnes of liquid food waste per yr.
No Top Chef degree skills are needed to make this comforting, basic and oh-so-simple soup. Keep cold meals hot and cold meals scorching, in order that your food by no means reaches the “temperature danger zone” where bacteria can grow rapidly and cause meals poisoning. Use paper towels to wipe kitchen surfaces, or change dishcloths day by day.
These assets are filled with suggestions and ideas on tips on how to plan and carry out profitable meals demos. Recently, I obtained a wireless thermometer from Thermoworks to try out. Their newest product is called Smoke and is particularly designed to help people barbecue and smoke meals at residence. This Course would not carry college credit, but some universities could choose to just accept Course Certificates for credit.
Quiz on the finish of every segment was related to topics offered. Everything you have to learn about what makes up a balanced meal, including fat, carbohydrates, and proteins. Learn tricks for controlling portion sizes while sustaining satisfaction. Valerie Bertinelli finds inspiration wherever she looks, together with her local farm stand! Valerie finds components for a Plum Slab Pie, Summer Vegetable Gratin, Spicy Cucumber Calamari Salad with Spiced Yogurt Sauce, and a Boozy Frozen Espresso. Valerie Bertinelli has at all times loved vacationing in Hawaii, where she enjoys the food, relaxed atmosphere and alternatives to surf! She’s bringing the aloha vibe house with a Hawaiian-impressed feast for her husband, Tom, and his brother’s household.
The firm can be constructing a tech-enabled supply chain with the assistance of its mobile utility. “We are additionally developing an IoT primarily based container that will improve our assortment capabilities and create a seamless flow of data, transparency and environment friendly provide chain for the gathering. Sushil has a BTech in food tech and an MBA in operations, while Kirti is an electronics engineer. Both have labored in the supply chain administration and procurement sectors. They were joined by a pal Ravi Jain, who has BTech diploma in food tech and an MBA in finance with over 15 years’ expertise in corporates and incubating startups. Instead, whip up this straightforward 3-ingredient selfmade fruit leather. The Cooking Professor is now offering for rent our newly designed features venue & commercial kitchen in Mt. Hawthorn.
Avoid using sponges, as they’re tougher to keep bacteria-free. If you’ve used a plate or utensils to handle uncooked food, don’t use them once more till you’ve washed them completely. For burgers, insert meals thermometer through the side of the patty. Insert the thermometer via the thickest part of the meat, all the best way to the center, not touching any bone. This doesn’t imply that you have to eat the same meal twice. Workman is a board member and volunteer with New York City meals salvage nonprofit City Harvest, and sits on the management council of the No Kid Hungry marketing campaign. “The want is extraordinary,” she says, “and the demand has doubled in many areas.”
Due to the influence of COVID‑19, delivery instances could also be longer than usual and a few products may be out of inventory. Our team is doing their best to resolve these issues and guarantee a constructive purchasing expertise, and we respect your patience as we work diligently to address these issues. A Whirlpool® Cooking Suite is not full and not using a fan system. Our line of hoods help take away steam, smoke and grease from the kitchen—maintaining your kitchen fresh and your family cared for. Food demonstration programs is usually a nice (and engaging!) method to share key SNAP-Ed messages.Services
MASSAGE | FACIALS | THE SALT ROOM
Each of our services is customized to your needs for the day to include techniques allowing you to choose full body treatment or focus on specific areas of need.
Massage
Customized Massage
With gentle to firm pressure, massage helps soothe and relax your muscles, reduce stress and return your body to a state of balance. These massages can be customized from full body relaxation to stretching and deep tissue work. Longer time frames allow for more specific and deep work.
(30 Minute Massage) $35
(60 Minute Massage) $70
(90 Minute Massage) $100
Stone Massage
A combination of salt stones and basalt stones are placed on your body and used during massage to increase circulation, enhance muscle relaxation, reduce inflammation and promote overall sense of well-being. Stones can be used warm or cold* depending on desired effect.
*Please specify when booking whether you prefer warm or cold stones.
(75 minute treatment) $90
Prenatal Massage
Enjoy the benefits of a customized massage with additional pillows and bolsters for the ultimate comfort of expecting mothers. Depending on comfort level you can chose between side lying or prenatal bolster.
(60 Minute Massage) $70
Sea Weed Detox Body Wrap
A combination of exfoliation and this service is perfect for accelerating detox and relaxation. Wrap contains gel based wrap is removed with warm towels followed by an application of hydrating lotion.
(60 minute service) $90
Full Body Mud Masque
A combination of exfoliation, wrap this service is perfect for accelerating detox and relaxation. This is a thicker masque that is both. After exfoliation, the mud is applied to full body, wrapped and allowed to soak while you receive a scalp massage. Warm towels are used to remove the mask. Pairs well with a massage or a facial.
(60 minute service) $100
Hydrating Body Wrap
Body Luxe Hydrating Wrap contains moisture-binding emollient that leaves an intense hydration on the skin, enhancing defenses and soothing even the most sensitive skin. A warm wrap allows time to soak as you receive a scalp massage before a full body massage allows body to fully soak in the benefits of this wrap. Includes a paraffin dip for your feet.
(90 minute treatment) $120
Mini Mud Mask
After a light dry brush exfoliation, a mud mask is applied to the back allowing you to relax. Warm towels are used to remove the wrap furthering your relaxation. Pairs well with a massage or a facial.
(30 minute) $20 to be booked with a treatment
Aromatherapy
Enhance your massage with your choice of personalized aromatherapy blends applied to the body or diffused during your massage.
Complimentary service add-on
Customized Facial
A facial is a treatment that leaves your skin cleaner, softer, and appearing younger. Facials can help clear clogged pores, remove dead cells, and quench dehydrated skin. Treatment is followed by massage, which aids in blood circulation and lymphatic drainage. A great facial is not complete without the perfect skin care product to give your skin the upmost TLC, that is where Circadia Professional Skincare comes in.
Mini (30 minute treatment includes cleansing, exfoliation, mask and moisturizer w/eye cream and SPF) $45
Deluxe (1 hour treatment includes double cleanser, exfoliation, extraction (if needed) massage, choice of mask or enzyme, eye cream, moisturizer and SPF) $75
Waxing
Did you know waxing is a safer way of removing the hair from your body? Instead of buying those over the counter products that can cause inflammation or even burn your skin, make appointment with Hebe Glow today and leave all the trouble to me!
Lip Waxing: $10
Brow Waxing: $14
Underarm Waxing: $25
Leg Waxing: Half $40 (45mins)
Classic Bikini Waxing (Top and inside thigh): $40 (45 - 60 mins)
Oxygen Treatment
This treatment is extremely nourishing and beneficial for all skin types. As a controlled amount of oxygen is generated at optimal levels on the skin to provide max benefits. Some of the benefits are effectively increases nutrient transport to the skin and reduces appearance of rosacea and telangiectasia.
(90 minute treatment) $105
Microdermabrasion
An extreme exfoliation treatment which stimulates collagen production, rejuvenates and sloughs off dead surface layers of skin. Microderm improves the tone and texture of skin and can also assist with mild acne scars. Some of the other benefits include minimizes fine lines, enhances circulation and promotes internal health of the skin. *Depending on skin texture, there is Crystal or Diamond to choose from.
(90 minute treatment) $100
Facials
The Salt Room
Halotherapy Session
Relax, meditate, take a nap, read a book, use your halotherapy session howevery you wish to unwind either as a standalone session or complimenting a massage or wrap. Learn more about The Salt Room at Mended by Hand and the incredible benefits of Salt Therapy.
$30 (60 minute booking) $60
Private Yoga Session
Each class is uniquely tailored to each individuals needs mentally and physically. Whether you are struggling with stress, trouble sleeping, energy, or physcially we have a class for you. Each session has the added benifit of taking place in The Salt Room allowing you to experience the benifits of both!
(60 minute service) $45/person for single occupancy $30/person for double occupancy
Ionic Foot Detox. Please make sure to be well hydrated for this service.
For best results we recommend doing a series of three within a two-three week period with followups as needed. Can be booked for two people at once.
(30 minute service) $45AO 7 - The Serb Rises, and Serena Falls
Why is it that when Serena Williams loses in a slam -- or anywhere, really -- it seems as if the moon has just fallen from the sky?
Maybe it's because, like a WTA version of the rise and fall of the tides, we've come to mark time by how Williams performs in the four biggest events on the tennis calendar. And when a celestial player of the stature of a Serena is suddenly removed from the equation, everything seems "adrift." All of a sudden, nothing is a given. What once seemed an incontrovertible fact a few hours before is now a question without an answer. It's exciting, yes. But also scary. "Who knows what's going to happen now?," is the immediate refrain. It can give a tournament the shivers, serving to embolden the most hungry-for-success players, as well as freeze other less-prepared contenders in their tracks. It's fascinating to see in which group the surviving players ultimately reside.
Well, after Day 7 at this Australian Open, at the mid-way point of the tournament, that is what the rest of this slam will be about: who wants it the most, and who is capable of actually taking it? For there is both joy and fear in Melbourne... mighty Serena has indeed gone out.
Ana Ivanovic, a former #1 and slam winner, hasn't often resembled the last few years what her bio says she once was. Truthfully, ever after her masterful performance against Sam Stosur two nights ago, there was really little realistic thought that she could defeat Williams in their Round of 16 match today. After all, she was 0-4 against Serena in her career, and had never even won a single set, or even more than four games in any of those eight sets.
But, of course, there's always an "if" when it comes to Serena. If she's healthy and focused, she won't lose. If she's not, well, she still might win... but the door is open for the possibility of something else. It was pretty clear from the start that that door was open today, even if it was easy to believe that either Williams would find a way to close it, or AnaIvo would find a way to avoid walking through it.
Neither notion would prove true.
By now, we can see when something is "off" with Serena pretty quickly. The lack of footwork. The errors. The mechanical breakdown of her shots. Usually, when there's smoke, there's also fire. The last few days, there were rumors (amidst talk of shortened practices, a seemingly "B"-level game against Daniela Hantuchova two days ago, and a withdrawal from doubles) that Williams was injured. But Williams showed up on Laver today, so she thought she could still compete. And that's enough to get behind the notion that nothing should be taken away from what the Serb did on this day.
Even on a bad day, the one thing that Serena can do well is serve. She had thirteen aces today, but AnaIvo, regularly had an answer for both her first and second serves throughout the match. It would prove to be the signature of the #14-seeded Serb's three-set win over the world #1 who came to Melbourne as the virtually unopposed favorite to lift her eighteenth slam crown next weekend.
But, right from the start, something didn't seem right today.
Williams hit an ace on the first point of the match, but the opening game also included two double-faults and three break points. Williams held, but her trouble would prove to be prophetic. Ivanovic broke her serve for 3-2, but failed to hold it when she was broken back at love in the next game, double-faulting on break point. While Ivanovic played with, and mostly better, than Williams in the opening set, Serena managed another break in game #10 to grab the set at 6-4.
In the 2nd, though, Ivanovic got a second chance. She didn't squander it.
Once again, she broke Williams for 3-2, then backed it up with a hold a game later when she won a replay challenge on a Serena groundstroke that proved to have sailed long. The Serb nearly extended her lead with another break, but Williams saved two break points and held for 4-3. As was the case against Stosur, Ivanovic showed an ability to seize control of the flow of games by stringing together winners off the ground. As the match progressed, in fact, her off-the-ground power numbers began to dwarf those of Williams. Serving to stay in the set at 5-3, Williams saw Ivanovic hit back-to-back forehand winners -- one on a return -- to take a 40/15 lead. Serena pulled out her big serve to pull the game back from the edge, but continued to serve up groundstrokes to what by now had proven to be Ivanovic's most pulverizing weapon in the match. If it was a tactical decision, it didn't work, as AnaIvo got a third break point and put away another forehand winner to take the set 6-3, ending her nine-set losing streak against the American.
Ivanovic held for 4-1, then 5-2, as Serena was backed into a corner, needing to hold to keep the match alive. After getting a warning from the chair umpire for taking too long to serve, Williams' anger was apparent. In fact, it led to a brief period in which a comeback DID seem possible. After saving a match point, Serena began serving extremely quickly, forcing Ivanovic to hold up her hand to slow her down on more than one occasion. Williams fired an ace and put in several other big serves to hold, then glared at the umpire as she walked along the baseline. Was everything about to turn?
Umm, no.
Immediately after that game, it was all pretty much over. A backhand error and long return from Serena put AnaIvo up 40/love. Another long return ended things, as Ivanovic locked up her first career win over Williams, 4-6/6-3/6-3, and advanced to just her second slam quarterfinal since she lifted the Coupe Suzanne Lenglen in Paris nearly six years ago. Ending Williams' 25-match win streak, Ivanovic broke her serve four time led 23-5 in in groundstroke winners (w/ 20 from her forehand alone).
After rising to the highest position in the sport in one fell swoop in France in 2008, then almost immediately plummeting outside the Top 20, might Ivanovic's long road back finally have come back around again? She's shown brief flashes in recent seasons, gradually rising back into the Top 15 before this AO. In Week 1 in Auckland, she won her first title in over two years, and her first in an outdoor event since she won RG. AnaIvo is undefeated in 2014, and maybe looking better than she ever has.
After the match, what was expected about Serena proved true. Williams coach Patrick Mouratoglou hinted to the press about a back injury, and then Serena herself confirmed as much in her press conference. A back injury, possibly suffered during practice early in the week, nearly caused her to withdraw from the event, she said. With her game limited, her level of play went down and she made some errors she "hasn't made since the '80's."
But Williams also made a point to not lay everything about the loss on her injury. "I feel like Ana deserves all the credit," she said. "I feel she played unbelievable today."
And she did, too. Sporting a forehand that rekindled dreams are made of, and the sort of admirable nerves in the clutch that have eluded her for so long, Ivanovic has now thrown her name into the mix for being one of those players who are both hungry for (new) success, as well as capable of achieving it. We'll see if she can maintain that level for another week.
If so, it's not out of bounds to think that the recent WTA history of occasionally unexpected major champions could add another chapter.
Move over Francesca, Sam and Marion?
=DAY 7 NOTES=
...in the preseason Prediction Blowout I picked Serena to win a true Grand Slam -- all four majors in a single season -- because I felt it was possible, if not realistically likely, considering her '13 dominance and head-to-head records against the other slam contenders.
A side benefit of the prediction was that it would be an overdue, very public test of the old "Kuznetsova Curse" that has been around nearly as long as Backspin itself. References to the Curse in this space have sort of drifted into the background around here as the talk of Radwanskian Massacres and Tennis Gods have pushed it out of the forefront in recent seasons. Here, though, I figured, would be the chance to see if it had any "juice" left.
Well, apparently, it still does. Welcome back, old friend. I never doubted you for a moment. (Not to your "face," anyway.)
...the Night 7 match-up on Laver between the last Aussie in the draw, wild card Casey Dellacqua, and fast-rising teenager Eugenie Bouchard was already a match with a few flags of interest attached to it. From the Aussie flags set to wave in the stands for Dellacqua, to the Canadian ones entertainingly wielded by a traveling band of Aussies who have quickly taken to the fair-haired Bouchard (surely, it's only because of her tennis, though, right?). Once Serena was removed as the QF opponent-in-waiting for the winner, though, the whole thing became an even bigger event
Maybe, in the end, too big for Dellacqua. But not Bouchard.
With dueling sections of serenading Aussies planted in the stands, Dellacqua saved a break point in game #2, then broke Bouchard in game #3 to take the early lead. Bouchard broke back late in the set and things went to a tie-break, where Dellacqua grabbed a 4-2 advantage. But her first double-fault, which was followed up by an error, seemed to sway the momentum to the Canadian. But Bouchard, too, saw a few wayward shots strip her of what appeared to be a surge in the making. In the end, Dellacqua pulled ahead at the close of the tie-break, taking it 7-5.
Bouchard bounced back in the 2nd, getting an early break and leading 3-1. She went on to take the set at 6-2. At that point, Dellacqua had nothing more to give. The Aussie didn't win another game, while Bouchard once again showed an on-court calm that might pay big dividends down the road. She won this match 6-7(5)/6-2/6-0 to reach her first career slam quarterfinal.
The Genie Army, like their young general, will live on at this Australian Open. What's next is anyone's guess. They can thank Serena for that. And AnaIvo, too.
...the first women's Round of 16 match up on Day 7 featured the sight of Flavia Pennetta shining in an everything-goes-her-way 1st set (winning 6-1 in twenty-four minutes) against Angelique Kerber, and then again in the closing games two sets later, after the Italian had failed to serve things out at 5-3. No where near ready to give in, Pennetta turned the tables and managed a break of the German to end the match, winning 6-1/4-6/7-5.
The Li Na/Ekaterina Makarova Round of 16 contest had far less turns of fate. It was pretty much a one-way affair, as the two-time AO finalist jumped on the Hordette early and never really looked back. After having to save a match point against Lucie Safarova in the 3rd Round, Li quickly got a break of the Russian's serve in the third game of the match, then coasted to a 6-2/6-0 victory. She's got unfinished business in Melbourne and, as it's turned out, her slip to #4 in the rankings after Week 1 might end up proving to be a boon to the Chinese. The #4 seed, of course, resided in the same half of the draw as Serena, so Li's chances of even reaching a third AO final seemed damaged, let alone her quest for her first title in the closest thing she has to a "home" slam.
Well, that's all changed now. Though AnaIvo's form isn't something to overlook, Li is surely now the favorite in the top half of the draw.
...in Mixed Doubles, karma struck yet again, as Lisa Raymond (w/ Mariusz Fyrstenberg) defeated former doubles partner Liezel Huber (w/ Marcelo Melo) in the 1st Round.
Meanwhile, Kristina Mladenovic & Daniel Nestor won their 1st Round Mixed Doubles match.
...in junior action, the Force was once again with Croat Jana Fett as she won her 1st Round match, while #16-seeded Fanny Stollar of Hungary lost to Kiwi Rosie Cheng. I don't mention the latter because Stollar was a favorite to win the title, but rather because I'm envisioning the blushes and giggles at Wimbledon when the Hungarian's name is announced to the fans at the All-England. If you don't know why, then Google what "fanny" means in Britain. I'm just sayin'.
...Ah, more memories...
Vika and Sloane in Melbourne in 2013. You remember, the match that Vika dominated save for part of one game when she failed to convert five match points when serving at 6-1/5-3? Yeah, that one.
First thing that catches my eye? The height and size difference.
...DAY 7 "LIKE":
-- on Tennis Channel, Martina Navratilova quite possibly coining -- or at least drawing attention to -- a new phrase: a "career quarterfinal slam," reaching at least the QF at all for slams during a career
...DAY 7 BLAST-FROM-THE-PAST "LIKE":
-- Jim Courier coaxing Novak Djokovic to once again pull an impersonation from his tennis bag. Literally. After defeating Fabio Fognini to reach his nineteenth straight slam QF, Djokovic pulled out a racket and did his best Becker impression. As in Boris Becker, the Serb's new head coach. Sitting in the front row, Boris had a good time with it.
Could you imagine Murray daring to do the same with Lendl?
...DAY 7 UNDERSTATEMENT:
-- on Tennis Channel, Tracy Austin noting that sometimes Kerber can be "a little pouty." A "little?" Why, that's sort of like saying that JJ is "just a bit demonstrative" when things don't go her way in a match.
...and, finally, I just figured I'd go ahead and get a head start on what I expect will be the focus of one of tomorrow's Round of 16 matches, or at least it'll be the case with a certain four-lettered sports network. So...
Oh, and I'll also be on the look-out for when it's mentioned how Serena's exit opens up the world of possibility for Sloane Stephens, but not that it also does so for Vika, who, you know, has actually won the last two AO titles (both without having to face Williams, against whom she's 0-8 in slams, and now is assured of not having to meet once again).
=WOMEN'S SINGLES ROUND OF 16=
#14 Ana Ivanovic/SRB def. #1 Serena Williams/USA
#30 Eugenie Bouchard/CAN def. (WC) Casey Dellacqua/AUS
#4 Li Na/CHN def. #22 Ekaterina Makarova/RUS
#28 Flavia Pennetta/ITA def. #9 Angelique Kerber/GER
 def. #19 Kevin Anderson/RSA
#3 David Ferrer/ESP def. Florian Mayer/GER
#8 Stanislas Wawrinka/SUI vs. #17 Tommy Robredo/ESP
#2 Novak Djokovic/SRB def. #15 Fabio Fognini/ITA
=WOMEN'S DOUBLES QF=
#1 Errani/Vinci (ITA/ITA) vs. x/x
#4 Peschke/Srebotnik (CZE/SLO) vs. Gajdosova/Tomljanovic (AUS/CRO)
x/x vs. x/x
x/x vs. Peer/Soler-Espinosa (ISR/ESP)
=MEN'S DOUBLES QF=
x/x vs. Huey/Inglot (PHI/GBR)
Bolt/Whittington (AUS/AUS) vs. x/x
x/x vs. x/x
#5 Paes/Stepanek (IND/CZE) vs. #13 Llodra/Mahut (FRA/FRA)
*2014 LAVER NIGHT MATCH RECORDS*
[multiple matches - individual]
2-0...Victoria Azarenka, BLR
2-0...Novak Djokovic, SRB
1-1...Samantha Stosur, AUS
[multiple matches - nations]
3-0 = SRB
2-0 = BLR, CAN, ESP#
1-0 = CAN
1-5 = AUS
0-2 = FRA
--
# - Robredo (ESP) Night 7 result not included: xx
IT (TBD): E.Bouchard, S.Halep, G.Muguruza...
#13 S.Stephens (1st Rd. - down 5-1, w/ Shvedova twice serving for 1st set; 2nd Rd. - Tomljanovic served for match; 3rd Rd. - Svitolina served for 1st set)
#30 E N 7. More tomorrow.
8 Comments:
Bouchard reached the quarterfinals, so she'll never be the next AMG. Whew.
I tried not to mention her until now in order not to jinx her, especially her draw looking pretty good since Day 1. Now that Serena is out, it's even better. She beat Ivanovic at Wimbledon on Centre Court, so this is a result that she can repeat. If Pennetta beats Li, a final is even possible, although Li was my non-Serena pick at this Slam. (To simplify things, I now pick Serena to win every Slam, with a just-in-case non-Serena pick.)
I thought top 10 would have to wait until 2015 for Bouchard, possibly 2016, but it appears it might be 2014 after all.
bouchard has an insanely good draw from the start. it is her year. top 10 for sure. this girl has the game.
Serena's bugaboo seems to have shifted from the US. Open to the Australian. Ignoring the Radwanska Threat Level is obviously not a useful tactic, no matter what Commander Sloane may have said :D
As a Canadian, I'm so happy that Genie reached the QFs! Even if she had a lot of luck with that draw, she's been playing some great tennis.
And just a question: has anyone but the WTA's Big Three ever won a tournament where all three have entered? (oh, I guess Wimbledon, but any non-retired players?)
I completely agree with what you have to say regarding ESPN and Sloane Stephens (and Im an Amarican). There has been little to no credit given to Vika who has won this event two times, in a row! I am sooo tired of hearing about Sharapovas shoulder and the Sloane/Vika controversy. In my opinion even if Vika wouldnt have taken that medical time out Im sure Vika would still have broken her serve to close out the match. Did they forget Vika is one of the best returners in the game? I wish the ESPN commentators would stop with all the drama and talk about the tennis. In my opinion I dont like past players as commentators. They are always comparing and to an extent discrediting the current players to when they were playing. I also think its a shame that JJ has yet to play on Rod Laver. I understand that she got the backlash of having Murray/ Federer/ Nadal all playing on the same day as her but theyve put players like Kerber and Wozniacki on Laver. JJ even got sent to court 8 at one point. Shes the 8th seed! Its so frustrating.
Zidane -
All right, now if none of that happens, we'll know who to blame. :)
Jo -
Well, no one hold's Bartoli draw against her from SW19. :)
The NextGen is really coming in a big wave right now. As was said at the time, Wozniacki couldn't assume she "had time" two years ago, because things change fast. She might improve, but still get passed by by Bouchard, Halep, Stephens, Muguruza, etc.
Diane -
And yet A-Rad is still around. Hop to it, QC & Co.!
(Hmmm, and JJ is still around, too.)
Jesica -
That's a really interesting question, I was able to go over things (since the possibilities aren't that plentiful, what with Serena's schedule and few losses), going back to the point where the current Big 3 would "officially" begin -- when Azarenka won the AO and became #1 in January '12.
Only twice has someone other than those three won the event: Marion Bartoli at last year's Wimbledon and, of course, Radwanska in Miami in 2012.
2012 Miami QF - Wozniacki d. S.Williams
2012 Miami QF - Bartoli d. Azarenka
2012 Miami F - A.Radwanska d. Sharapova
You might remember, that Miami event was when The Rad's existence was first revealed, while last year's Wimbledon was the time and place of It's "Radwanskian Massacre." Interesting how that worked out, huh? ;)
Here are all the events all three -- Serena, Vika & Maria -- have entered since January '12, along with the touranment winners:
[NOTE: sometimes they weren't seeded 1-2-3 since Williams was on the comeback trial in '12 -- she wasn't in the Top 3 seeds in that '12 Miami event, for example]
 - ????
Mfarfan-
Yeah, I'm an American, too. And I often find it embarrassing how ESPN has traditionally ignored non-American players in favor of U.S. players, stars or not.
It's almost as embarrassing as how a nation of this size, with its rich tennis history, hasn't produced a slam contender on the men's side for more than a decade, and with no one in sight who might change that, either.
But, truthfully, that little fact doesn't even bother me at all. The only thing with it is that the U.S. sports media finds it easier to ignore tennis these days if an American isn't making headlines. I can't imagine how things might be when Serena is gone, and if no U.S. player has rise into the Top 5 by then.
Love how a deal is being made that Stephens called her relationship with Azarenka "nonexistent." Hmmm, so I guess that makes it sort of like the relationship that Stephens had with Serena when Sloane was calling Williams "my good friend Serena" during interviews.- Search
- St Maries Idaho Sports
- basketball 2009
- baseball 2013
- basketball 2012 2013
- SM Basketball 2011-2012
- SM Basketball 2010-2011 2
- savages
- SM Basketball 2009-2010
- guestbook
- basketball 2011
- baseball 2012
- Lumberjacks vs Bonners Ferry 4-7-2012
- Lumberjacks vs bonners Ferry
- football 2012
- lumberjack 8th grade vs orfino
- Lumberjack varsity vs cda vikings freshman
- Lumberjacks vs Gangeville district tourn 2013
- St Maries legion vs lewiston 2013
- site pages
- basketball 2013-2014
- lake city jv vs lewiston 2-9-2014
- St Maries JV vs Timberlake jv 2014
- St Maries Varsity VS Timberlake 2-13-2014
- lumberjacks varsity vs cda charter 2-18-2014 senior night
- lumberjack varsity vs cda charter playof game 2-25-2014
- baseball 2014
- lake city vs shadel park 9-19-2014
- lake city vs sandpoint 10 3-2014
- lake city vs couer d alene 10-17-14
- lake city vs capital 11-7-14
- lakecity vs postfalls 2-3-2015
- brett and brandon baseball2015
- brandon baseball 2015
- brandon football 2015 lake city vs rocky mountain
- 2015 lumberjacks vs riverside
- BRANDON LAKE CITY VS CENTRAL VALLEY 2015
- 2015 lumberjacks vs kellog
- brandon lake city vs tumwater 2015
- brett fall baseball vs crew 2015
- brandon lake city vs postfalls 2015
- brett cda fall baseball vs lewis and clark high school
- BRANDON LAKE CITY VS CDA 2015
- brandon lake city vs lewiston senior night 2015
- 2015 lumberjack playoff game vs new plymouth
- varstiy girls vs lake city 11-30-2015
- basketball 2015
- ken griffy jr
- brandon lake city vs postfall 2015
- football 2015
- bub football 2015
- baseball lake city 2016
- lumberjack football 2016
- lumberjacks football 2016
- lumberjacks vs timberlake
- lumberjacks football 2016.
- football senior night 2016
- lumberjack vs orfino senior night 2016
- st maries lumberjacks vs melba state playoff 10 -2016
- 2016 lumberjacks quater final vs nort freemont 11-5-2016
- sm lumberjacks vs bear lake
- lumberjack vs declon 11-18-2016
- basketball 2016
- lumberjacks ve sandpoint12-8-1-201
- basketball 2016-2017
- baseball lakecity 2017
- montana tech vs rocky mountain 2017
- montana tech vs rocky mountian chase
- montana tech kids
- alumni game 2018
- Gonzaga
- Landscape
- harrison
- st maries area
- St Maries id thorn creek
- couer 'd' alene lake
- spokane
- rocky point winter 2012
- barns and fences
- wheat fields
- conkling park
- fall pictures of the river between two lakes
- fall on the st joe
- california
- best photos
- steptoe butte
- moon
- st joe spring 2015
- spring 2015
- timber country
- hay fields
- cemetary
- fall 2015
- step toe fall 2015
- FALL 2015 2
- swap shop
- real estate
- harrison trail 2016
- palaski trail 2016
- fall 2016
- mutch creek
- claudia
- winter 2016
- las vegas
- water falls
- marble creek 2017
- fall 2017
- black and white
- fall 2018 sandpoint
- fall 2018
- carlene
- fall 2019 cda river
- fall 2019 st maries river
- fall 2019
- mexico akumal 2019
- fishing at dowarshack2020
- sandpoint 2020
- glacier park 2020
- barns 2020
- steamboat state park 2020
- arizona 2021
- fall 2021
- fall grandkids 2021
- billie craner
- fall
- harrison
- Travel
- sunsets
- Winter
- new stuff
- bryce cannon utah
- flowers
- Fireworks
- date
- new stuff winter 2014
- contact me
JUmami Burger announced the latest culinary collaboration in its Artist Series today, a new partnership with Chef José Andrés to feature a José Andrés Burger and menu of tapas and pintxos (skewered bites), created by the globally renowned chef.
“Umami Burger approaches its menu the same way I do," says Chef José Andrés. "There are no rules as long as it is good."
The José Andrés Burger is made with a ground pork and cured ham – Twice cooked crispy potatoes and topped with a house-made, medium-spicy bravas sauce and garlic aioli.
- Date & Cured Ham Pintxos – Pitted medjool dates wrapped with thin slices of cured ham warmed in umami sherry vinaigrette, made with an aged sherry vinegar, extra virgin olive oil, and Maggi Seasoning.
- Green Olive Pintxos – A classic combination throughout Spain: olives paired with anchovies, ‘umamified’ by adding piquillo peppers cooked confit.
Available starting on Tuesday, May 20,.
News and information presented in this release has not been corroborated by FSR, Food News Media, or Journalistic, Inc.Nusrat Ghani, MP for Wealden, will be co-hosting a virtual quiz in support of the Seafarers’ Charity next week and is inviting Wealden residents to join and test their maritime knowledge.
Following the tremendous success of the first two Maritime Quiz evenings earlier this year, The Seafarers’ Charity is back with a very special Christmas edition, taking place virtually on Thursday 2 December from 18:00.
Tickets are just £10 per person and there will be some fantastic prizes up for grabs including a dinner for two at The Shard. If your maritime knowledge isn’t top notch, don’t worry – there is still chance to win! As part of your registration, you will be entered into a prize draw so there is an opportunity to be randomly selected for a prize on the night.
You can register by clicking here.
Nusrat Ghani said: “I am thrilled to be back as a guest host for this fantastic event, raising funds in support of seafarers in need and their families. The previous two sea shanties have been a great success and this time you will be able to submit your answers using an online form so there will be live leader board to follow on the night. Get a team together, grab a mince pie, a festive drink and join us for an evening of light-hearted fun. I know that many Wealden residents have family members or are themselves seafarers and I hope that we can get together again for an evening of all things maritime and raise funds for those at sea delivering our essentials.”Speaking to a massive protest march in front of her Northeast Seattle home was apparently the final straw.
Mayor Jenny Durkan has escalated her ongoing political war with Kshama Sawant to a new level with a call for the Seattle City Council and council President Lorena Gonzalez to investigate end expel its longest-serving member.
“The City Council may choose to ignore and dismiss her actions, but I think that undermines public confidence in our institutions,” Durkan writes. “This letter requests that the Council exercise its Charter duties and fully investigate Councilmember Kshama Sawant and determine if action should be taken…”
The letter from Durkan’s office levels five allegations against Sawant including “using her official position to lead a march” to the mayor’s home Sunday night, Durkan says, ,” Durkan writes.
UPDATE 3:05 PM: In a blistering response, Sawant says she is proud of her activism.
“Socialist Alternative and my Council office are proud to have marched, rallied, and organized with thousands of community members and activists in recent weeks to demand #JusticeForGeorgeFloyd, #BlackLivesMatter,” she writes. “Our movement is demanding racial and economic justice, long withheld by a pro-corporate political establishment, whose leader currently is Mayor Durkan.”
Sawant concludes her letter saying she does not take the attack “personally.”
“While her words are directed at me and my elected office, I don’t take it personally,” she writes. “In reality, this is an attack on working people’s movements, and everything we are fighting for, by a corporate politician desperately looking to distract from her failures of leadership and politically bankrupt administration.”
“Our movement will respond accordingly: we will fight with even greater unity and determination,” she concludes.
The full response from Sawant’s office is at the end of this.
“In addition, during or after Councilmember Sawant’s speech at that rally, her followers vandalized my home by spray-painting obscenities,” the mayor alleges.
CHS reported on the Sunday march for Black Lives Matter goals including a 50% cut to the Seattle Police budget organized by the Seattle Democratic Socialists of America and including Socialist Alternative, the Sawant-led political group that has helped the veteran politician build a deep and active support base in the city and beyond.
Durkan’s roster of allegations stretch back beyond the weekend. They begin with issues first reported in early 2019 of documents showing the power of the Socialist Alternative organization in Sawant’s City Hall dealings. “According to the documents, the National Executive Committee and the Seattle Executive Committee of the Socialist Alternative party had authority over staffing decisions for the City Council office,” the Durkan letter reads.
The mayor also attacks another Sawant action during the BLM protests when she provided access to Seattle City Hall for a massive demonstration to briefly occupy the building. “Our fight is not just against the police, our fight is for systemic change,” Sawant said that night during the rally inside the building. Sawant used “her official position” to give “access to City facilities to admit hundreds of individuals at night into City Hall when it was closed to the public because of COVID-19 and failing to follow the City’s COVID-19 precautions for the visitors,” Durkan, a former federal prosecutor, alleges. “Her actions put the safety of individuals and City workers at risk, and it led to janitorial staff making complaints about the incident because of safety concerns.”
The mayor alleges Sawant has used her “official office and equipment to promote and raise money” for the Tax Amazon ballot initiative and to encourage people to “to illegally ‘occupy’ City property” at the East Precinct. The letter comes as city workers began removing some barriers Tuesday morning around the camp.
The letter dated June 30th now sits with Gonzalez office. We’ve asked for details on any response or next steps and will update when we hear back.
Sawant’s office has also yet to respond to the letter. Her office has overcome past complaints including a complaint dismissed last year by the Seattle Ethics and Elections Committee over the Socialist Alternative influence allegations. She also faced a similar complaint earlier this year over the Tax Amazon initiative.
Sawant is in the midst of her third term leading District 3 serving Capitol Hill and the Central District on the council. The Socialist Alternative incumbent posted another victory for the movement last fall.
A copy of the Durkan letter is below.
UPDATE 3:05 PM: Here is the full response from Sawant’s office:.
This reminds me of Trump’s letters to media to avoid dealing with reality. Not everyone who was at the march for Charleena Lyles was there because of Sawant. So, does the Mayor have proof it was a Sawant acolyte who “violated” the sanctity of her fence? Or is the mayor – who was perfectly fine gassing an entire neighborhood for a week and lying about it – going to start lying about this as well?
Mayor Durkan took office on November 28, 2017. Charleena Lyles was not killed on her watch.
It would benefit so many people and different communities within D3 for the council to expel her.
Sawant won D3 with 51% of the vote, after Amazon’s idiotic funding to Orion got publicized 2 weekends before the election, and DON’T LET AMAZON BUY CITY HALL posters blanketed Broadway Ave, 12th, Pike and Pine. Up until then, Orion had been leading by as much as 58% in early voting.
Without the “October Surprise” Amazon mistake (or tbh, Orion’s non-strong response to it) Sawant may well have been defeated.
Her followers love to believe they have a solid mandate. They do not. 51% on a late-breaking fluke/mistake by Orion and Amazon does not equal unbeatable or resounding support for Sawant.
CM Sawant won, Orion lost. IT doesn’t matter if the margin was 1 vote or 1 million. That’s how democracy works. DEAL WITH IT.
Attempting to eliminate a democratically elected CM because they disagree with your ideology is a fascist move plain and simple.
Sawant’s irresponsible behavior (for many years) goes beyond just ideology.
Sadly, this move will just further her persecution complex and endear her even more to her followers.
She’s literally the left version of Donald Trump. She was rocking his playbook years before he even got into politics. Maybe he studied her.
Yet Sawant is trying to unseat the mayor, which will mean Gonzalez becomes mayor. Convenient, eh?
So the neighborhood was about to finally get its streets back and Sawant puts out a call to action to occupy the precinct. Then the people camping in front of the precinct doubles overnight. Thank your CM for the fact that this bullshit wont be over any time soon. And thank CM Sawant for co-opting a movement and calling it her own (once again), for political purposes, and regardless of the loss of life.Today's comic is a little bit more focused on my word play quirkiness. Only smart people will get it and find it funny. I think.
Have you ever joined a contest or competition where you hope you would win the biggest prize but you end up winning only the small one; fantasically known as the consolation prize? Do you enjoy winning them? How do you feel about consolation prizes?
I don't know about you but I do have a problem with consolation prizes.
I know I should appreciate them because at least I won something as they are still gifts to my effort in any sort of contest or competition despite how small it is. I guess the problem lies in from where the word comes from and it makes me feel patronized in a way. I do not wish to be 'consoled' with the cheapest prize. I do not need your pity!
But a prize is still a prize though and I'll keep it if it's useful. Yes. I am such a colossal hypocrite.
I still think they should call it something else instead of "consolation prize".
"They do, bro. Sometimes they call it 'honorable mention'."
"Oh...... Really?"
I feel stupid now.
Have a great weekend ahead!
U must have got lots of consolation lollipops as a kid for u to hate being consoled so much now :P
U think too much:)
Perhaps they can call it Good-job-prize:)When a partner my own age. The problem is that like most other London escorts, I have been around old men for such a long time. I really don’t know if I want to get involved with a younger man or a man my own age.
It is right. When you work for a London escorts agency, you often end up dating men who are older than yourself. Some London escorts seem to get stuck in a rut and only know how to speak to more senior guys. I have to admit that is what I think has happened to me. Although I am happy to speak to men my own age, I don’t really get a kick out of it. Instead I prefer to speak to senior guys. They seem to have more interesting things to say for themselves and are much better at holding a conversation than many men my own age.
Are men my own age boring? Believe it or not, I am sure that most men my own age are rather boring. In general, I think that they like to go out drinking and partying. Sure, it is fun to go to a noisy club from time to time, it is something that I used to do together with the other girls at London escorts. However, since I left London escorts and hooked up with my older guy, I have to admit that I have become rather tired of going clubbing. I think that most clubs in and around London are just hopeless pick up joints.
What if you want to get something more out of dating? If you do, I think that you should consider dating a guy who is older than you are yourself. I am not saying that it is for all girls, but I do think that there are a lot of London escorts who would agree with me. There is something special about going out with a guy that you can have a decent conversation with as well. I am not sure that all girls appreciate how important it is to have a true personal connection with a guy instead of just a physical one.
I don’t feel that I am doomed to fancy older guys for the rest of my life. At the end of the day, perhaps what I am ultimately looking for is a much more mature partner. Some girls probably think that I am one of those girls who only like old men for their money. I am sure that there are some London escorts who only date more mature men because they have money. But, that is not me. I date more mature men because of many reasons. I really find more mature men more attractive and fun to be with at the same time. Maybe what I am looking for is a Sugar Daddy and not a Toy Boy.olor Autopano Giga 4 for Mac Now!
The actual developer of, interface has been designed to ease the work and make it pleasant. 0 for Mac can be downloaded Kolor Autopano Giga 4 for Mac crack, bundle is identified as com. ?Kolor, this Mac download is malware free. All the tools, available for download requires 68. Commonly, this application's installer has the, this software for Mac is Kolor.
Commonly, this application's installer has the, Giga Description Autopano Giga 4. Saving the workspaceAutopano Kolor Autopano Giga 4 for Mac crack, 3. This program's, 0. , from our software library for free. 0, dmg. 0 for Mac can be downloaded, Photo Tools, more precisely Viewers & Editors. All the tools, this Mac download is malware free. 2 MB of Kolor Autopano Giga 4 for Mac crack, versions of the software are 3. The most popular, AutopanoGiga.Use handy dandy guy who was installing the railing and who already had his miter saw set up to make me four pieces of wood with 45 degree angles. The long pieces are 18 inches and the short pieces are 11 inches.
The wood splintered a bit when it was cut.
So I gave the wood that was going to be on the inside of the cubby a good sanding with 60 grit, then 150 grit, then 220 grit.
Then I added wood glue to the 45 degree angles and used our finish nailer to attach the four pieces together using great care that the corners lined up.
Hi is how much glue I added to both 45 degrees before gluing them together.
Then I gave the outside a good sanding as well.
Next I had bought some keyhole fasteners at Lowe's so that I could flush mount the cubby to the wall.
Do you have a router and know how to use it? Great! Go ahead and use that.
We have one, but I don't know how to use it, so I used what I had (tools I could figure out) instead and it worked quite well.
Here is how I countersunk the key hole fasteners - picture tutorial
The reason I drilled the bigger whole in the middle was so that there was room for the screw head to go in under the keyhole fasteners.
Then I sanded some more and got to painting. I love the new stain I got for the hand-rail and since I already had quite a bit, I decided to use what I have and used that.
Then I let it dry and hung it on the wall next to B's bed.
For those keeping score at home - this room has 8 DIY projects of varying degree of difficulty.
Left to right, top to bottom. Linking to the blog posts with each project.
- Make a tufted headboard
- Build a bedside cubby - this post
- Make super sized pixel wall art
- Dye and hem curtains
- Spraypainting craft letters white
- Build a queen bed with trundle
- Make a reversible pillow cover
- Recover a chair with white faux fur
The bedside lamp is the new Hektar from IKEA - $14.99. It can be fastened with a clamp or with a bracket. I used a bracket here.
We also got a reading lamp for the chair. I wanted the Format but B was not having that lamp. He was set on the Aröd floor lamp. The client gets what the client wants - within reason. This was within reason.
The pillow in the fur chair is an outdoor pillow I bought at IKEA a couple of years ago. It is striped tan and red.
Let's take a quick look at the progress for - This post
Make night stand cubby - This post
Install bed lamp - This post
Improve on a rug
Install shelves
Install magnetic boards
Install wooden cubbies.
Make desk
Improve on trunk
Frame Mario art.
Get a new dresser or shelving unit - haven't decided yet.
Linking up to Emily A Clark - use what you have challenge.
Linking up to:C.R.A.F.T. // Lines Across // Uncommon Designs // That’s What Che Said // Creatively Living//View Along the Way
Getting close now. I almost don't want this project to end. I am having so much fun! Do you ever feel like that with a project? Never wanting it to end, or can't you wait to begin the next one?
Pinterest Challenge: B's blue wall reveal - we built a desk and some shelves and made a gallery wall
><<Hobbs sex chat
Name: Minny
Age: 46
City: Medway, Delmont, Hickory County, Richlands
Hair: Ultra long
Relation Type: Looking For Asap Nsa
Seeking: Want Swinger Chat
Relationship Status: Mistress
About
As I finished pissing I looked around and was surprised to find a large path that had been formed by other people that had also had to use the trail. From conceptual de to manufactured part, we can put your organization firmly at the forefront of technology and help you gain the advantage in an ever increasingly competitive world. Hint: Open stories in a new window to save your place on this. I had to take a piss really bad so I stopped at one hobbbs those rest areas and ran to the bathroom as fast as I could only to find out it was closed for maintenance.
Recommended
I'm 49, live in the mountains and have been a software developer most my life, somewhat famous within my field. Send me a face and number. Put Sunday cuat the subject line and make sure to include your stats and a photo would be helpful.
If you just read those three words and thought to yourself, Oh what a pig. Im also NOT looking for flakes, or someone who cant make up thier mind or keep to thier word.- Joined
- Jun 13, 2012
- Messages
- 342
- Location
- Southern Michigan
Well, I think I have decided on the Viper HS LR 4-16x50 FFP. I went and compared it to the Nightforce SHV FFP at Cabela's and I didn't notice much of a difference in reticle visibility at the low end of magnification. So that, plus the fact that the Nightforce is 10oz heavier, and I found a sweet deal on a refurbished Viper for about 1/3 the cost of the Nightforce I cant really resist. The optical clarity of the Viper was about on par with my PST 6-24x50's, I didn't notice any clarity issues. Also, Travis at Vortex (super helpful guy, awesome service) confirmed that I can get the 1/2MOA turret swapped for a 1/4MOA turret for $75 if I don't like the 1/2MOA. I'm going to pick it up tonight if it is still available. I'm sure I've disappointed a few of you with my decision, but I did weigh out most of the options you guys threw out there, but this scope just seems like the right fit for me. Thanks for all the input guys!Ladies Long Sleeve Lightweight Performance Shirt Peach
This is the perfect shirt to throw over your swimsuit or tank top to add extra protection from the sun! This shirt is very lightweight at just 3.5 oz. We definately recommend layering with this shirt. It has a subtle scoop neckline it also features a shaped drop-tail hem for stylish coverage and up to UPF 50+ protection. Elk River Custom Rods Phillips WI is printed on the front of this shirt.
- 3.5 oz.
- 100% Microfiber Performance Polyester
- UPF 50+ Protection
- Paragon Plus Moisture Management
- Anti-Microbial finish
- Wrinkle - resistant finish
- Tear away label
- Detailed stitching
We Also RecommendThe Virtual Stylist Masterclass™
With the demand for online services at an all-time high, there's never been a better time to take your personal styling services virtual. Whether you are looking to add virtual services to your is advanced training for those currently trained and working as personal stylists.)
USE CODE BLACKFRIDAY AND SAVE 15% NOW!
(Valid thru 30th November, 2021)
Terms and conditions: Payments are non-refundable. Course materials are the property of The Style Academy International. The copying, distribution, sale, or use for profit of course materials and content is prohibited by law. Enrollment provides 6-month access to the student portal.
The virtual stylist masterclass is exactly what I was looking for!
The step-by-step instructions have allowed me to get my services online quickly, and I'm already seeing clients!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Kenya R - Baltimore, USA
This made it so easy to start offering my clients virtual services. I love that it provides you with different techniques so you can find the one that works best for you. Gave so many details that I wouldn't have thought about on my own. Highly recommend!
Sandra P - NetherlandsSE28-S001 Montana West Embroidered Collection Flip Flops BY CASE
$445.99 $485.99SKU:SE28-S001 CF is highlighted with colorful embroidery and crystal studs
- Wedge: 1.75 inch
- One box come in 12 pairs
One box come in 12 pairs
Size & Quantity Breakdown
People who bought this product, also bought
- Option1Option2Option3Morphine Sulfate Controlled-Release (MS-Contin)- Multum
In addition to those listed there is an article on "Information science" (Saracevic cream betamethasone, which is la pubertad in the fourth edition, 2017, IV: 2216-31 - without indication that it is a reprint. Related to social studies of information, there are articles about, for example, social epistemology and social informatics. Winter (2010, 4890) wrote about this classification of disciplines:Note also that today there is an increasing tendency to combine some of these disciplines (archives, libraries, and museums studies (ALM)) into one educational program (cf.
These are probably better understood as adjacent fields or cognate disciplines (which may, however, also be dr reddy Morphine Sulfate Controlled-Release (MS-Contin)- Multum combination of different fields, but as such a more established combination. The term library and information science research seems to be a pleonasm since anything termed science should, by definition, be research.
However, the journal Library a related term (150-1). The term library research has two different meanings: (1) the study of libraries, their operation, history, social impact etc. See Abbott (2011) and Mann (2005) for this second meaning. Perhaps we could say that the ultimate goal of library research in the first sense is to facilitate library research in the second sense.
Dewey Decimal Classification (DDC) used the term library economy for class 019 in its first edition from 1876. In the second edition (and all subsequent editions) it was moved to class 020. The term library economy was used until (and including) rickettsia 14th edition (1942). Vakkari (1994) found, however, that the development of library science as a science in the strictest sense was under way by Morphine Sulfate Controlled-Release (MS-Contin)- Multum time that Graesel (1902) published his handbook on librarianship.
Its tools are elaborate systems for the formal and content-oriented processing of information. Topics like the creation of classification systems or information dissemination were common property of Morphine Sulfate Controlled-Release (MS-Contin)- Multum discipline even before the term "information science" existed.
This close link facilitates-especially in the United States-the development of approaches toward treating information science and library science as a single aggregate discipline, called "LIS" (Library and Information Science). Stock and Stock are right in their claim that topics such as the creation of classification systems or information dissemination were common properties of this discipline even before the term information science existed.
However, it is still the question when work about, for example, the creation of classification systems is a research-based activity. Real systematic research programs came with, for example, the Classification Research Group in the UK (about 1952-1992) and with the so-called Cranfield tradition (from the 1960s), the first mostly connected with library science, the last with information science (but with overlapping figures, hazard materials The classification research of Bliss and the Classification Research Group is not about libraries (although it was applied mainly in libraries).
The term documentation seems to be a better choice. Consider that we have today fields like archival science, museum studies and theatre studies. It should also be said that the terms documentation and information science were not limited to libraries, but included the Morphine Sulfate Controlled-Release (MS-Contin)- Multum of archives, museums, databases and other memory institutions.
However, when LIS was taught, the focus has often been on library cataloging rules and classification systems at the expense international journal of biology and chemistry, for example, archives and museums. In a way, the term LIS has therefore not lived up to its name.Further...
Это мне не подходит.
03.08.2019 in 06:36 Осип(Иосиф):
бесполезная затея
09.08.2019 in 11:59 Алевтина:
Жирок!"It is not horses that I paint; I paint the way they make me feel." - Donna B
Visit donnabernstein.com for Updates, Press, and to Purchase Art & Fashion
Please contact me at any time with questions or requests for bespoke pieces at donna@donnabernstein.com
You can purchase available art directly at DonnaBernstein.com
Find Donna B Prints at Donna B on ArtBoja
Thank you so much!
Love Your Horse - Live Your Horse Style!
© 2019 Frontier Enterprises, LLC. Donna B Fine ArtPhoto: Getty Images
Nothing quite hits like that first sip of Starbucks. Especially when you've been working at home all day and need a little pick me up. While Starbucks has been known to find themselves in the middle of drama here and there, the company overall does a decent job at getting employees great medical benefits, promotions within the company and to boot, you get free coffee! However, on the tails of other Seattle companies like Dick's and Taco Time, Starbucks is now accepting the challenge of raising their minimum wage. It was announced that by Summer of 2022, Starbucks will raise their minimum wage from $12 an hour to $15 an hour. You can read more about it HERESlipping through the cracks
Five decades ago the United States’ mental health system shifted to protect patients’ civil liberties. But those protections leave few options to help people who don’t realize they need psychiatric care
Art by Jonathan Twing.
Patti Aguirre would have driven right past her daughter if someone hadn’t cried out, “There’s Kelly!” Aguirre turned around, and there she was—her then-30-year-old daughter Kelly Alatorre, standing in a food line at Skid Row in Los Angeles. It was December 2015, and Aguirre had not seen her daughter for two years. For months she had driven downtown LA looking for her, peering into alleyways and parks.
Aguirre yelled out, “Kelly! Kelly!” She jumped out of the car and held her daughter and wept, from both relief and a broken heart: She couldn’t recognize her own child. Alatorre had butchered her once-beautiful auburn waves into uneven clumps. Her scrawny frame drowned in a man-size track jacket and sweats. Her face had shriveled beyond her age.
Aguirre knew something was wrong with her daughter since she was a teenager. It wasn’t just the behavioral problems or crystal meth and crack cocaine. She once explained to counselors: “I’m telling you, there’s something inside this little girl. This is not my Kelly.” When she looks into her daughter’s eyes, she sees the same empty daze she sees in her two brothers: All three suffer from schizophrenia.
For Alatorre, that means hearing voices and spinning through paranoid delusions that send her fleeing to the streets. She says bizarre things: “I’m sitting here with you, but I’m not really with you—you know that, right? This isn’t me.” Using drugs has only exacerbated her mental illness.
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) considers schizophrenia, along with severe bipolar disorder and severe major depression, a “serious mental illness” (SMI) because of how it debilitates normal functions, such as holding a job or housing. According to the National Institute of Mental Health, SMI affects about 4.5 percent of the U.S. population (about 11 million adults). Most SMI is treatable with early intervention. But the Treatment Advocacy Center found that about 40 percent of people with SMI don’t get treatment in any given year. About half of those with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder also have a symptom called anosognosia, which impairs their ability to understand that they have a mental illness.
Anosognosia is why, when Aguirre begged her daughter to come home, she responded, “But Mom, I am home”—even though she had cigarette-butt burns on her arms and has suffered beatings while on the streets. Even though she has rotated in and out of jails, hospitals, and shelters for the last 10 years.
Aguirre can’t force her daughter into treatment. She has exhausted every means to help her, but she’s not getting better, nor does she want help. Aguirre has run out of options: “You’re just at the bottom reaching up and wondering, ‘Now where do I reach?’”
Art by Jonathan Twingley
KELLY ALATORRE is the product of the nation’s broken mental health system. People who suffer from untreated serious mental illness are extremely vulnerable to premature death, suicide, and abuse, but state laws err on the side of protecting civil liberties. People like Alatorre can refuse services and treatment when they have little capability to help themselves. They often land in jail or on the streets.
What’s happening to Alatorre is happening across the nation. Many police department heads throughout the country advocate reforming the country’s mental health system because law enforcement officers usually respond first to psychiatric emergencies. Many departments now train their officers in crisis intervention—recognizing signs of mental illness and de-escalating tension.
One of the most significant changes taking place nationwide is the expansion of assisted outpatient treatment (AOT), a court-ordered, community-based treatment for certain seriously mentally ill individuals who have already experienced multiple episodes of homelessness, arrest, incarceration, or hospitalization. Currently 47 states, including California, allow AOT, thanks to federal grants and studies that show high rates of success. But implementation can be inconsistent or inadequate, and AOT critics say it violates civil liberties and leads to heavy use of psychiatric drugs.
Meanwhile, family members tell me they feel unheard, unprioritized, misguided, and even blamed for a loved one’s disintegration. They run into HIPAA complications, lack of psychiatric beds and mental health professionals, and state laws that make it hard to get their loved ones professional care.
MORE THAN 150,000 people experience homelessness on any given day in California. In Los Angeles, about three homeless people die on the streets each day. Most leaders and advocates focus on poverty and the lack of affordable housing, both vital issues. But addressing those issues doesn’t address the mental illness component of homelessness. Official statistics say about one-third of the homeless have SMI and/or report substance abuse, but a Los Angeles Times analysis found that figure to be underreported: The paper’s analysis determined that about 51 percent of those living on the streets in LA County currently suffer from mental illness.
The spike in homelessness dates several decades back to the late 1950s when California, in the name of compassion, led the national movement to push mentally ill patients out of state mental hospitals. By the time Ronald Reagan became governor, California had already drained half its hospitals. Then in 1967, Reagan signed into law the landmark Lanterman–Petris–Short (LPS) Act, which prohibited involuntary hospitalization except under certain extreme circumstances. The LPS Act’s goal was to release patients into more humane, less restrictive “community care,” which never fully materialized.
The LPS Act recognized that individuals have the right to determine their own lives. But problems arise when they lack the mental competency to do so. Under the LPS Act, a patient can only be involuntarily hospitalized for up to 72 hours. If doctors say the patient is “still a danger to others or themselves, or is gravely disabled,” the LPS Act allows an additional 14-day hold and, if still necessary, a 30-day hold. Schizophrenia can’t be fixed in three or 30 days. Families tell me they’ve seen doctors, citing the LPS Act, discharge someone who’s still delusional and treatment-resistant.
That’s what happened to Alatorre: In 2015 alone, she was involuntarily placed in a hospital 15 times. The day they met in Skid Row, Aguirre convinced her daughter to check herself into a behavioral health facility that had just opened a 32-bed voluntary inpatient unit. Alatorre stayed for two weeks. She was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder (schizophrenia with a mood disorder).
Meanwhile, Aguirre sought to get her daughter conservatorship, a legal arrangement in which a judge appoints a responsible adult (often the county’s public guardian) to manage the personal care or financial matters of an impaired adult. If Alatorre is conserved, the guardian can force her into long-term treatment.
The LPS Act imposes very strict criteria for conservatorship: An individual with SMI must first undergo both an initial involuntary hold and a 14-day hold. Next, a treating psychiatrist must sign a conservatorship request to the Public Guardian office. For her to be conserved, doctors and the county must determine that Alatorre is “gravely disabled,” which state law defines as someone no longer able to provide for her own food, clothing, or shelter because of a mental health disorder. But the law also says an individual is not considered gravely disabled if a willing third party—a family member, a kind stranger, or shelters—are providing food, clothing, or housing. Psychotic behaviors or delusions are not enough to prove someone is “gravely disabled.”
What’s more, each of California’s 58 counties interprets the definition of “gravely disabled” differently. Given that counties will bear much of the treatment costs—and many lack the necessary services—most counties are reluctant to pursue conservatorship. In 2019, California passed two bills creating pilot programs in three counties to grant conservatorship to more people. Those bills faced fierce criticisms from powerful organizations such as the ACLU and Disability Rights California, which say the bills violate civil liberties. So far, only the city of San Francisco has decided to implement the program, but conditions to qualify for conservatorship are still so narrow that it only applies to about 50 people in San Francisco (out of more than 8,000 homeless in the city).
Art by Jonathan Twingley
While under the 14-day hold, Alatorre made a noose out of bedsheets and tried to hang herself. Doctors transferred her to another facility, where she sat on a gurney in the hallway waiting for two hours. Finally, a psychiatrist discharged her that day. Back to Skid Row she went.
Aguirre receives phone calls from strangers telling her things like: “I saw her at Seventh and Central. She’s really going nuts. She needs help.” Friends sometimes text photos of her daughter roaming the streets, asking, “Is this Kelly?”
Aguirre reads those texts over and over and wonders, “What do I do with this?” The last time someone texted her saying her daughter needed help, she texted back, “I’ve tried.” Each day, she checks the LA County Sheriff’s Department website to see if her daughter’s in jail.
The last time Aguirre heard about Alatorre was in early December, when a health official told her Alatorre was in a hospital again after testing positive for COVID-19. At the time, Alatorre was still recovering from a muscle and blood infection that left her weighing 65 pounds. That’s all Aguirre knows—HIPAA prevented her from getting more information.
She used to pray many things for her daughter. Today, her prayer is simpler: “Please, God, keep her safe.”
THAT’S ALSO A PRAYER Linda Privatte mutters for her brother James Mark Rippee each time she goes searching for him. I could feel her apprehension when I accompanied her in early 2020 in Vacaville, Calif. The time before, she roamed for four hours before giving up. Sometimes she doesn’t find him for several weeks.
But that cold winter afternoon we found him curled on the sidewalk at a strip mall. He was bundled under two jackets, a black beanie, and ripped jeans soiled with dried mud. His hands and beard were smeared with grime and dirt. One eye socket caved into a pinch of flesh, while the other held a roving glass eyeball. Rippee is completely blind.
“Hi Mark,” Privatte called out. Rippee roused, then called back, “Hi, Linda.”
Privatte knelt next to him and poured steaming coffee into a plastic foam cup. “Want some hot coffee? Half sugar, half coffee, the way you like it.” She steered the cup into his hand. “I heard that you got robbed again. So you don’t have anything anymore?”
“Yeah,” Rippee said, noisily slurping his uber-sweet coffee. All he had with him was a rusty rod, which he uses as a cane. Privatte sighed. This happens every time: She stuffs a backpack full of clothes and supplies for him, and the next time she sees him, everything’s gone.
Rippee has been homeless for 13 years. His sisters say he’s been beaten, robbed, cheated, and sexually assaulted on the streets. He has suffered from a traumatic brain injury (TBI) and schizophrenia for the past three decades after a motorcycle crash wrecked his life. But like Alatorre, Rippee denies he has a mental illness and refuses treatment. Because of HIPAA, his family doesn’t have access to his medical records. But they learned of his diagnosis one of the few times he signed a release of information.
Rippee once qualified for subsidized housing, but he couldn’t keep his housing or caretakers because of violent behavior. The last time he had housing was in 2007, when he set a fire on his porch. Rippee lost his Section 8 voucher for good then and has been homeless since. No shelters will take him because they’re not equipped for a mentally ill, blind man.
Neither is his family: Rippee’s mother is 80 and widowed. Privatte is legally blind—others have to driver her around to search for Rippee—and has heart problems. Her twin is bedridden from cancer and other health issues. For the last three years they’ve been asking their county, Solano County, for help to get public conservatorship.
Gerald Huber, director of Health and Social Services in Solano County, said Rippee’s primary diagnosis of TBI disqualifies him from most traditional services. Solano County’s “hands are tied” because Rippee has consistently turned down help, he said. There’s also hesitation to grant conservatorship. “We don’t want to get into a pattern of taking away a person’s rights just because that person doesn’t meet our idea of taking care of themselves,” Huber told me. “For quite a few homeless people, somehow they’re able to take care of themselves in a way that’s not traditional for you or me.”
In February, Rippee walked into traffic. A car knocked him 5 feet into the air, and he landed on the windshield. Rippee was hospitalized at a long-term post-acute care facility in Napa for eight months. For once, he had three hot meals a day, a bed, antipsychotic medication, and 24-hour supervision.
His sisters once again requested conservatorship, but Solano County again refused. But even if Rippee were to be conserved, Solano County has only 12 beds in its crisis stabilization unit, which isn’t suited for long-term care and is always filled. At the end of the day, resources are scarce, Huber said: “We have no suitable placements.” It’s not just Solano County. California’s state mental hospitals have an 800-plus patient waitlist.
In October, after 258 days at the facility, a van dropped Rippee back on the streets with nothing but a cane, a few sets of clothes, and a couple of months’ worth of medications rolling around in a plastic bag. He lost all that within days on the streets. Two weeks before Thanksgiving, Rippee finally agreed to go to a special residential care home. The sisters celebrated, knowing Rippee may likely walk back out into the streets as he has before.
When we drove away from our early 2020 visit with Rippee, Privatte told me, “Can you see why I feel bad leaving him? I live with that guilt. But I can’t take him home. He needs professional help.”
If you enjoyed this article and would like to support WORLD's brand of Biblically sound journalism, click here.
Please wait while we load the latest comments...
Please register, subscribe, or login to comment on this article.
My parents fought that battle in California for my schizophrenic sister through the 80's and 90's. In the old days of "mental institutions," it was relatively easy, far too much so, to have someone involuntarily committed for treatment. The pendulum made a decisive swing in the other direction -- too far, my parents felt. My sis needed treatment badly, but would simply not cooperate, attend doctor's visits, therapy, take her meds, etc. So we all watched her decline. She finally got to a place in her 50's where she would accept medication regularly. That helped her re-establish relations with her two children and grandchildren, though things continued to be difficult, and behaviors had become ingrained. She died on November 30, 2020, of COVID-19 while living in a nursing home. She had COPD from decades of chain smoking. It's very hard to care for a seriously mentally ill person. It's equally hard to find good treatment.... Thank you for this report.
What heartbreaking stories. As we see homeless people and beggars, though we may debate with each other and within ourselves whether we should give them a handout, surely they do need prayer.
I think that, unless they have personal experience with serious mental illness or they are close to someone with mental illness, it can be very hard for people to realize how complicated mental illness can be or how much suffering it causes for those who experience it directly and for everyone around them. It can be very hard even for professionals to know how to help-much less family members and friends.
Mental illness encompasses a wide variety of conditions with varying severity. Schizophrenia is generally very serious, as are some forms of bipolar disorder and certain personality disorders. Depression and eating disorders can range from mild and limited to severe and life-threatening. Anxiety can vary from mild, treatable forms to phobias that keep someone from ever leaving their home. And that's just scratching the surface.
There is no "one size fits all" solution for mental illness any more than there is for physical illness. I'm grateful there is less denial and that some of the stigma has decreased, but we still have LONG way to go.?
My..
For a complete list of blog stops, go here! here to enter.This article was supplied by Metropolitan Air Conditioning.
That fixer-upper or renovator's dream house you've got your eye on might be a bigger financial investment than you've bargained for. Before committing up to 30 years of your wages to paying off a home, you should run through a property inspection checklist so you know exactly what you're getting yourself into.
When you're considering making an offer on a property, it's important that you account for more than just the interior's aesthetics. We're going to run you through eight things to check when buying a new or old house with our home inspection checklist so you can have a rough idea of what it will cost to get it up to scratch..
1. House exterior and foundations
It's not always what's on the inside that counts - there's a lot that can go wrong on a house's exterior. Here are some things to look out for:
- condition of the stumps and foundations
- damage or cracks on the external walls
- condition of the paint
- how watertight/airtight windows and doors are
Repairing issues on the house’s exterior can often be costly. For the sake of your home’s structural integrity, they should be assessed by a qualified building inspector though.
2. Gutters and roof plumbing
While blocked or rusted gutters won't be a problem until the wet months roll around, they can prove to be very costly if not attended to. If you're able, use a ladder to inspect the gutters and downpipes for rust, holes, sagging, and blockages.
What about the stormwater drain? If this is blocked and water backs up out of it, the yard could be flooded.
You'll also want to check out the condition of the roof and flashings. Major roof repairs can set you back considerably.
3. Water stains, mould, and corrosion
Look for any signs of water stains or moisture on the walls and ceilings. While largely cosmetic, no one likes unsightly mould and water stains in their home, and repair costs can be quite high. Not to mention the health effects you might experience being exposed to this long-term.
4. Large cracks in walls or ceilings
Cracks in internal walls and ceilings aren't uncommon in older homes. Homes with a large number of cracks that are wider than 2.0mm can be cause for concern, however, and should be assessed during a building inspection.
5. Air conditioning repairs?
Just because a home comes with an air conditioner doesn't mean it's in working order. Depending on the type of air conditioner, replacing it could be a very costly adventure. Repairs could be even more in some cases!
If it has an older system, chances are it'll be a big energy guzzler too. It would be worth your time to investigate the cost of repairs versus replacing the existing air conditioner in the home so you can budget for this.
6. Water pressure and drainage
Many older homes have plumbing problems due to their age. The most obvious ones you can check for are the water pressure and drainage. Check out the water flow from showerheads and taps around the house and assess how well it drains away.
We all know the pain of having too low water pressure, but too high pressure comes with a lot of problems too. Regulations state that your home's water pressure should not exceed 500 kPa, and if yours does, any insurance or warranty you might have could be voided.
If the property has slow, or even no drainage, this is a problem you'll have to address too before it becomes even worse and more costly.
7. Electrical wiring and lighting
Home rewiring can be one of the most costly repairs you might ever have to fork money out for. Before purchasing a property, you should at least check that all the switches work and turn on what they're meant to. You can test out the power points too by plugging in your phone charger and checking it works.
While you're checking out the wiring, what type of lighting does the property have? If it's old halogen or incandescent bulbs, you ought to consider the cost to upgrade to LEDs or something more efficient.
8. Home automation potential
Home automation and smart devices are becoming more common as the days go on. If this is a property you see yourself selling in the future, it's important that there's potential for all these smart devices and appliances to be installed.
A home fully decked out with home automation can attract more buyers and even increase your home's value. In the near future, home automation might become an expectation, rather than just a 'nice to have' part of the home.Gilead Outrageously Seeks Super-Monopoly Protections for Covid-19 Drug
Statement of Peter Maybarduk, Director, Public Citizen’s Access to Medicines Program
Note: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today granted experimental COVID-19 treatment remdesivir a special orphan status intended for drugs that treat rare diseases. The status sets up remdesivir’s manufacturer Gilead Sciences to receive additional federal tax credits in the United States and a bonus lucrative seven-year market exclusivity, allowing Gilead to exclude generic and more affordable competition while charging high monopoly prices, if the drug is approved.
Gilead’s pursuit of an orphan designation is unconscionable and could be deeply harmful. Remdesivir is one of relatively few medicines that may prove effective in treating COVID-19 this year. “rare disease” orphan drug application while there are, for this brief moment, fewer than 200,000 COVID-19 U.S. cases. Its action is disingenuous and outrageous, and underscores the need for the federal government to step in.Geoffrey Owens Launches Instagram Show 'Shift Happens'
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
And finally today, we'd like to tell you about a timely new show that highlights the work of workers. And who better to host it than our next guest, Geoffrey Owens? He is a classically trained actor, director and teacher who you might remember from his breakout role as the Huxtables' son-in-law, med student Elvin Tibideaux, from "The Cosby Show."
But in 2018, he was trolled on social media and on Fox News when a Trader Joe's customer took a photo of him working at one of the stores. The picture went viral on social media, igniting a debate about famous people, side gigs and job shaming.
Well, the joke is on the trolls because along with other acting gigs, Owens is hosting a new show on IGTV where he speaks with working people about their jobs. It's called "Shift Happens." And Geoffrey Owens is with us now to tell us more about it.
Geoffrey Owens, welcome. Thank you so much for joining us.
GEOFFREY OWENS: Thanks for having me, Michel. Great to be here.
MARTIN: A lot of people will remember that "The Cosby Show" was not just a hit show. It was, like, a cultural phenomenon. It was a show with a predominantly Black cast featuring an upper-middle class, you know, functional Black family. But, of course, in 2018, the show was pulled from syndication after the star, Bill Cosby, was convicted of three counts of indecent assault. And, of course, he was accused of drugging and raping dozens of women over a period of decades. So did that affect your career? Did it affect your career?
OWENS: Well, you know what? I don't think it affected my career. It affected my income a little bit. And I don't talk about this much because I don't think it's that important. But, you know, at a time when I wasn't working much, and various circumstances made earning a living as an acting more difficult.
But the fact that those unfortunate - Bill's going through that stuff, and that was happening in his life affected me in the sense that, yeah, when the show got pulled, there was a certain amount of residual income from the show that I stopped getting. And, you know, again, it wasn't the thing that that led to my financial ruin. But it didn't help, right? But that's the only way. In terms of artistically or opportunity-wise, it didn't have any effect.
MARTIN: I understand that you have sympathy for Mr. Cosby, but I would say it's unfortunate that the people he assaulted went through that. I mean, it's - you know...
OWENS: Oh, my God...
MARTIN: ...My take on it.
OWENS: Needless to say - needless to say.
MARTIN: So take me back to the moment when you found out that that photo went viral. How did you experience that?
OWENS: Well, at first, it was - fortunately, the bad part lasted for just a little bit. I mean, I literally - my wife and I saw the - it on social media and the Internet. And all of a sudden, it was horrible. But it was only for a few hours because in less than maybe two - one or two hours, all the positive stuff started flooding in, you know?
So at first, we thought it was just going to be like - I don't know. My wife and I are so old-school we thought, you know, how bad can it be? You know, maybe 10 - some 10,000 or 20,000 copies of the National Enquirer will carry this at the supermarket. That's what we're thinking. We're thinking newspapers at the supermarket. And all of a sudden, we're, like, what are we thinking? It was, like, all over the Internet, all over the world.
And I was, like, oh, my gosh. This is terrible - those horrible pictures of me and, you know, some disparaging words and stuff. But as I said, it was only a matter of hours before this incredible flood of support and encouragement and love started coming in from every corner of the world from people of all - not just my profession but all professions supporting me and sticking up for me and defending me and, you know, kind of putting me in the position of poster child for the dignity of work. And it became really good really fast.
MARTIN: Well, that leads me to the show, then - to the new show. "Shift Happens" - tell me about it.
OWENS: Yeah. Two years after the Trader Joe's event, people are still approaching me on the street in public telling me how meaningful that whole thing was for them and how they were inspired by it. On top of that, the pandemic has come along, and now, recently, the whole set of people who work certain jobs are being rightfully seen as heroes - you know, heroic.
So that - this whole notion of the dignity of work and nobility of work is even more relevant than ever because of the horrible thing that's happened. And now, you know, we're looking at people who do these regular jobs that we didn't think much of before, and we're calling them heroes now and - yeah, because yes, they're literally sometimes risking their lives to provide the services to make our lives work and function.
And the other thing I go back to, you know, really as an inspiration is that my colleagues at Trader Joe's when I was working there, it - from the first day I worked there, I noticed, you know, there were people in their 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, in their 70s - people in their 70s working these shifts day after day to earn a living. And it just boggled my mind. I was so impressed and humbled by the hard work that the vast majority of people on this earth do every frickin' (ph) day.
And that's the thing that, you know, made me proud that the whole thing happened and that if I can shed any light on the idea that, man, yeah, every bit of work - you know, unless it's, you know, some kind of illegal - whatever - illicit thing - you know, counts and has dignity and matters. And there's no one job that is inherently better than another in terms of how it benefits society, etc.
And so it's all come kind of full circle. And, you know, with the crisis, of course, no one wishes the crisis to be there or continue. But at the same time, it's revealed things - you know, it's kind of underlined things in our society that we need to look at.
MARTIN: That was Geoffrey Owens. His new show, "Shift Happens," debuts soon on IGTV.
Geoffrey Owens, thank you so much for talking with us. Good luck with everything.
OWENS: You're welcome. Thank you so much. Stay safe.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
MARTIN: For Sunday, that's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR News. I'm Michel Martin. Thank you for listening. And we hope you will join us next Sunday, when we are devoting an entire hour to the topic of food insecurity. Millions of people in the U.S. don't have enough to eat, and a pandemic has only made things worse. Across the country, food pantries are seeing increased demand, and closed schools are working to get meals to families in need. We'll do a deep dive to find out what it means to be food insecure and what can be done about it.
Until then, we hope you'll stay safe and have a great week. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.A few months ago we recorded a new video blog and have finally gotten it ready to be released. This one took a little bit of time in the post processing to get it ready.
We partnered again with Rebel Wire to demonstrate the install of their dash harness. This one also used Josh’s truck again (if you remember our alternator install). I also got to visit in person with the guys at Rebel Wire while in Louisville, KY for the NSRA Nationals. Bob and Jeremy are great guys to work with and know their stuff when it comes to these wiring harnesses. I know that we will be having some more install videos coming in the future, so stay tuned for those!Luisa Cuautle, a 22-year-old student at Hunter College, part of the City University of New York, had never felt comfortable talking publicly about her precarious immigration status. But following Donald Trump’s election, she felt she had to speak out. Cuautle moved to the US from Mexico when she was two years old. She was brought to the country by her parents, both undocumented immigrants, who work as a cook and a nanny. A year and a half ago, Cuautle helped revive the Hunter Dream Team, a university group that supports undocumented students and “Dreamers”, like herself.
The Dreamers are migrants who were brought to the US illegally as children and who applied for renewable two-year work permits and protection from deportation under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a government programme introduced under Barack Obama in 2012.
Last year, the Trump administration rescinded Daca and announced that from 5 March 2018, the protections it offered to almost 800,000 people would begin to expire.
Since then, the Dreamers – who got their nickname from the proposed Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act – have found themselves at the centre of a political impasse that shut down the US federal government for three days. The Democrats had refused to agree to a budget deal that did not offer permanent protection to the Dreamers. But on 22 January, they relented, agreeing to a short-term spending package to fund the government until 8 February in exchange for a pledge by Republicans to address the
fate of Daca recipients.
The Dreamers’ future remains uncertain. Whether they are offered a path to citizenship or if they start to face deportation will depend on the Democrats’ ability to negotiate with a Republican Party dominated by immigration hardliners, and a vacillating president.
For many Dreamers, the US is the only home they have ever known. “I grew up thinking that I was 100 per cent American and thinking I could do a lot of things,” Cuautle told me. “But I also grew up knowing that I had a status that other people didn’t have.”
Daca was introduced during her final year of high school and she hesitated for months before applying, having feared that she might place her family at risk of deportation by registering their details. She had been accepted into Hunter, but as an undocumented migrant she was not eligible for financial aid for her tuition fees.
With her Daca permit, she was able to get a job in a supermarket, a fast food restaurant and then a bank to fund her studies. She wants to become a physicians’ assistant. Her Daca permit will expire in two years.
As president of the Hunter Dream Team, Cuautle has joined Daca protests and lobbied politicians for immigration reform. “It’s just sad that politicians are playing with people’s lives and separating families,” she said. Her younger siblings are US citizens and she finds it too painful to follow the steady trickle of stories about families being torn apart by deportations. “I try not to focus too much on it, because if I did then I’d just be really angry and sad all the time, and that’s not how I want to live.”
One member of the Hunter Dream Team transferred to the college from a prestigious private university for which she had a full scholarship, because she wanted to be part of a student body with other undocumented students and active immigrants’ rights organisations.
The 21-year-old political science major, who I’ll call Maria, commutes to New York City from her conservative hometown in Long Island, where no one knows she is a Dreamer. “It’s an absolute secret that I am undocumented, I would never tell any of my friends at home for safety reasons,” she told me. Many of her friends and neighbours are Trump supporters and she fears that, should they learn her parents are undocumented, they might report her family to immigration agents.
Maria, who moved to the US from Chile when she was two, did not know that she was undocumented until she turned 16 and realised she did not have the paperwork to apply for a driving licence. She applied to Daca and it enabled her not just to learn to drive but to continue to conceal her immigration status.
Maria wants to attend graduate school so that she can practise public interest law. Her Daca protections are due to expire in October. “I try to stay as busy as possible, so I don’t consume myself with thinking about it,” she said. “I struggle with really bad anxiety. I think a lot of Dreamers suffer with some sort of mental illness because of everything we’ve gone through.”
Mirella Ramirez-Muñoz has only vague memories of how she entered the US at the age of eight. She remembers the heat, and how hard it was to walk for so many hours. Sometimes her uncle carried her, and once her mother asked her to run. She hadn’t understood that she was leaving Mexico and was disorientated to find herself surrounded by people whose language she could not understand. She struggled for her first few years at school in New York, where there was little support for pupils who could not speak English.
Ramirez-Muñoz is now 22 and a recent graduate in criminal justice and political science from City University. She hopes to go to law school and become an attorney. She is the vice-president of public relations for the CUNY Dreamers, a student-led advocacy and support group. Its role expanded following Trump’s decision to end Daca, as it rushed to make sure students renewed their permits while they still could. Ramirez-Muñoz’s Daca status expires in March 2019.
“The uncertainty is hard, it’s one of the hardest things I’ve had to deal with. I have so many things I want to accomplish, and it’s putting doubt in my mind over whether I can really stay here,” she told me. “If no permanent solution is found it’s important to know that we’ve done such great things with our Daca, and we’ll continue to do so.”
This article appears in the 31 Jan 2018 issue of the New Statesman, The Great Migration.
We will possibly need a lot of new Senators and Representatives in the near future.
Yikes.
Wish it could just be the Dead Wood.
Will the public ever learn the names of the Democrats?
You might recall when Ray Reggie, Dem fundraiser and Kennedy brother in law wore a wire as part of the Hillary/Rosen fundraising scandal.
I believe they tossed out the wire info in the trial at which Rosen was aquitted.
What you bet that every word from Duke’s wire get’s both leaked and introduced as evidence?
P.S. Glad I finally got a registration for your site that worked. The Mike’s America username seemed to get messed!
The day the news broke about a Chicago First Ward scandal, that ‘fixer’ Robert Cooley (author of “When Corruption was King”) had been wearing a wire, I ran into a neighbor, an elderly Italian gentleman with an unknown source of income, who repeatedly wiped a handerchief over his face and neck. He was (figuratively) sweating bullets.
Concerned, I asked him if he was sick with the flu or something.
“No, no,” he replied,” I was at a meeting last night with Bob Cooley.”
Not yet having read the Trib, I had no idea what he meant so just smiled and nodded. The image of his visible fear, though, was not something easily forgotten.
I have a hunch there are a lot of similar images in the House and Senate cloakrooms.
From to the Point News Written by Dr. Jack Wheeler
Friday, 02 December 2005
One liberating silver lining to Republican Congressman Randy “Duke” Cunningham’s pleading guilty to bribery charges is that being a Vietnam war hero is no longer a lifetime exemption from moral criticism. When Jean Schmidt (R-OH) last Friday (Nov. 25) denounced John Murtha’s (D-PA) call for retreat from Iraq on the floor of Congress by reading a letter from a Marine asking her to “ ‘send Congressman Murtha a message: That cowards cut and run, Marines never do’,” she caused a riot that came close to being a fistfight between elephant and jackass Congresscritters. Murtha, you see, is somehow invulnerable to criticism because he served 37 years in the Marines and won a number of medals in Vietnam. Howard Dean wasted no time in announcing that a billboard would be erected by Democrats in Portsmouth, Ohio (her disctrict headquarters), declaring: “Shame on You, Jean Schmidt: Stop Attacking Veterans.” So why, then, are there no Republican billboards in San Diego, California denouncing shameless attacks on war hero veterans like Randy Cunningham? One reason is that Republicans like Cunningham have a sense of shame and tearfully apologize for their misdeeds, while the Dems have no sense of shame whatever. Randy Cunningham is a legitimate war hero – unlike John Kerry. He was America’s first ace pilot in Vietnam. After two previous kills, on May 10, 1972, flying his Phantom F-4J, he shot down three enemy MiG fighters in a single dogfight. Then his plane was hit by a SAM missile; he ejected and ditched into the South China Sea where he was helo-rescued. He was awarded the Navy Cross. I’ve known him ever since he became a Congressman in 1990, and always thought he was an admirable guy. And he was, a real hero. Yet his being a hero did not prevent him from becoming a crook. John Murtha is a legitimate war hero – unlike John Kerry. He won two real Purple Hearts and a Bronze Star in combat in Vietnam. He deserves our admiration and respect for his heroism just as much as does Randy Cunningham. Yet his being a hero did not prevent him from becoming a moral coward – and a crook — in Congress. The Los Angeles Times revealed on June 14, 2005 that Murtha, as the top Democrat on House Defense Appropriations, has been funneling tens of millions of taxpayer dollars into KSA Consulting, the lobbying company of his brother, Kit Murtha, and KSA clients. Last year, Murtha strongarmed the Navy into transferring the Hunters Point Shipyard to the city of San Francisco, which had a contract with a company called Lennar, Inc. to “redevelop” the 500-acre site bringing millions in profits to Lennar. The Senior Vice-President of Lennar is Laurence Pelosi, Democrat House Leader Nancy Pelosi’s stepson. This year, Murtha inserted several “earmarks” (specifically designated appropriations) into various defence bills giving millions of federal research dollars to companies owned by the children of Democrat Congressman Paul Kanjorski of Pennsylvania’s 11th district adjoining Murtha’s 12th. Crooked enough for you? Welcome to Washington. This is the way “business” is conducted here. There are – trust me on this – a significant number of Congressmen and Senators of both parties who have integrity and don’t sell their votes for personal gain to themselves, family, or friends. But they are – trust me on this as well – not in the majority. The corruption on Capitol Hill is so rampant that exposure of it is odd – and indeed, there are some exceedingly odd aspects to the bribery of Randy Cunningham. Let’s Randy’s election campaigns – and those of several other Repubicans such as Duncan Hunter (R-CA), Virgil Goode (R-VA) and Katherine Harris (R-FL). No Democrats. Only donations to Republicans. Hidden from public view was MZM’s – it was a CIA Rogue Weasel sting. Under George Tenet, the CIA waged a covert war against the Bush Presidency. Under Porter Goss, it is not. Porter has been weeding out the “Rogue Weasels”’s an excerpt: “Most folks think the CIA is a right-wing outfit. US history (being unaware of 9-11), who sweet talked his way into Bush’s confidence and was able to keep his job because he named the CIA Headquarters after his father.  Bush’s defeat.” This is the key to understanding the “Plamegate” CIA leak scandal, the leak of the CIA “secret prisons,” the Randy Cunningham sting, and so much else. Left-wing CIA Rogue Weasels are continuing their covert war on George Bush – and now Porter Goss’s CIA. This in no way excuses Cunningham. To get stung you must be willing to be stung. Randy’s a crook and he’s’s nose – and so far, it’s working. Ps: In case you’re wondering about the MZM White House furniture contract. The CIA makes very special furniture, like chairs that record the biometrics (heart rate, etc.) of the person sitting in it. Obviously now, one wonders if the info recorded wasn’t “Cut and Run” Murtha: 238 Cannon House Office Building Washington, DC 20515-3502 (202) 225-3164
Last Updated ( Friday, 02 December 2005 )
SBD contactors” recorded are those rouge weasles
of MZM – then Bush/Goss/Gonzales “got em good!”
Wonder if MacsMind will have further connections within this
to his VIPS?
FYI – Last nights’s Hardball had both Time and Newsweek reporters
plus a WaPo, in addition to Bucannan (I surf and was also watching
CNN’s “Day Room” and John Gibson on Fox – so cannot confidently
identify who offered the target of the wire.
Sorry,
I will write ROGUE 100 times and turn in to Sister Assumpta before
dismissal.
Kerry running weapons to the Khymer Rouge and Turban Durbin’s
Pol Pot references still dance in my head.
I know there is an R in contractor – sorry.
LARWYN–
You wrote:
“If the â€œdefense contactorsâ€ recorded are those rouge weasles
of MZM – then Bush/Goss/Gonzales â€œgot em good!â€”
Why do you think this Abramoff scandal is connected to Plame?
That’s a big “if.”
I will drink my coffee, but this seems a leap. I read the Jack Wheeler article, but that seems pretty complicated.
Larwyn–
Sorry for the stupid question. I am getting my scandals hopelessly entangled. I don’t usually try and figure out these scandals because I can’t.
Drink more coffee, I guess.
This Wheeler claims that the Republicans are getting publically exposed but that money is going to the Democrats in a more secret way. He seems to suggest that this was to “set up” the Republicans.
But the person who owned this company–Wade– is in trouble, too.
Wheeler’s explanation doesn’t add up.
The media seems to discuss Abramoff and Cunningham in the same articles always saying “in a separate/unrelated investigation.”
I missed that and confabulated the two scandals.
Confabulated–I have always wanted to use that word!
Hi SNAPPLE,
Maybe this will help clear things up. One #1 conspirator in the Cunningham scandal, goes by the name Wilkes. Wade of MZM, Inc was a former employee of Wilkes and MZM shares the same address as Wilkes company ADCS. Both are in the same business of Archiving Documents. MZM was a new company, but immediately received huge multi-billion dollar contracts for the CIA. You would think that the reason for this is because of the bribes to Cunningham right? It makes sense, a no name company gets huge contracts because a congressman pushes his weight around and in return the congressman gets lavish kickbacks. Where the story falls apart is the connection between Wilkes and the person at CIA who awards the contracts. It just so happens that Wilkes and the Kyle Dustin “Dusty” Foggo, currently third-in-command at the Central Intelligence Agency were football teammates and beat friends at SDSU.
Now why would Wilkes, through MZM, have to bribe Cunningham to get contracts from his best friend???
San Diego Union Tribune December 4, 2005
Contractor ‘knew how to grease the wheels’
Wilkes has not been charged with a crime in the Cunningham case. The former Rancho Santa Fe congressman announced his resignation Monday after pleading guilty to charges of tax evasion and conspiracy. Three other men â€“ Washington defense contractor Mitchell Wade, businessman Thomas Kontogiannis and financier John T. Michael, both of New York â€“.
Making connections
Wilkes had moved to Washington, D.C., and opened a business named World Finance Corp. about three blocks away from the White House. One of his chief activities, sources say, was to accompany congressmen â€“ including then-Rep. Bill Lowery of San Diego, whom Wilkes met during his participation in the SDSU Young Republicans organization â€“.
SBD
Sorry, the above first paragraph should have said multi-million not multi billion.
SBD
AJ and SBD–
Maybe AJ will want a new thread about this; it’s interesting.
I was getting mixed up between the Cunningham scandal and the Abramoff scandal the other day, and felt stupid. Well, maybe I wasn’t so stupid after all.
Today I happened to see an article that claims there is a connection!
Actually, I don’t think that the scandals are connected, but once Cunningham was wearing a wire, they had him talk to people about Abramoff, too.
“Top Republicans in the House are buzzing – and scrambling – at news alleging that Randy “Duke” Cunningham, a former San Diego congressman who’s pled guilty to bribery and other illegal activities, was wearing a wire for the FBI during the summer and early fall of 2005.
The undercover operation, according to senior Justice and federal law enforcement, is part of a broadening investigation into the Jack Abramoff bribes-for-favors scandal now roiling Washington.”
(see the rest of the article at the link)
SBD–
Thanks for your long and informative post.
Contributed by Dagny D’Anconia
Friday, 30 December 2005
[Dagny D’Anconia, author of the TTP Political Nasdaq column, is conducting astonishing research uncovering a left-wing Clinton-blessed shadow government that continues to operate uninvestigated, even though it was caught red-handed bribing a United States Congressman. It is a true scandal of immense proportions, and thanks to Dagny, it is being exposed exclusively in To The Point. —JW]: “Goss: Discuss this article on the forums. (2 posts)
SBD
SBD,
This last post is a bit long and has a lot of links I would need to clean up to make it fit in the comment section. Is there anyway you can be more succinct and have only a few links?
BTW, the truth is all of this could be completely on the up and up in the defense contracting world. If these folks had some special talent and tools, then someone would be approached to acquire them to keep them afloat. Just pointing out there is a completely legit angle to this.
AJStrataGet Salesforce or Pivotal CRM resources for exactly the job and time period you need using Tokara’s Staff Augmentation services – pay just for what you need to get the project done without the overhead costs of adding full time employees (FTE).
Whether you’re looking for a system administrator or high-level CRM developer, there’s no team in the industry with more experience, and with CRM Staff Augmentation services, Tokara provides precisely what you need to ensure your project is successful, on time, on budget, and well-adopted by your user base. With 10+ years of top-tier CRM experience and significant industry depth, each of our available CRM team members know Salesforce and Pivotal inside and out, along with associated solutions you might be integrating them with, such as marketing automation, business intelligence, customer experience management and more!
Across today’s business landscape, organizations are being tasked with reducing cost and driving greater operational efficiencies through innovations in technology. But we know competitive organizations rarely have static IT requirements and not everyone needs (or wants) the higher number of FTEs that can come with high-performing technology systems. CRM staff augmentation services from Tokara are enabling our clients to add and subtract resources as needed to meet changing requirements – and all without the cost and liabilities that come with FTEs.
So for our clients were looking for a flexible alternative to adding full-time staff internally, we’ve provided it – and they love it. Here are just a few of the reasons:
- Gain specialist expertise to close skills gaps and transfer knowledge: Many CRM projects require specific skill sets likely to be found only in an outside resource. But while the resource is on site with your team, you can also take advantage of the knowledge and skills transfer they provide to your internal employees.
- Navigate dynamic staffing and aggressive deadline requirements: For CRM projects whose staffing requirements may vary widely, or for projects with extreme deadlines or milestones, staff augmentation is a simple and clean way to access exactly the resources you need for exactly the time you need them – with you paying only for what you need and no more.
- Achieve strict staff oversight: For CRM projects in which your business may need to manage resources tightly, on-site staff augmentation resources are often a perfect fit – you have the experienced resource you need, but you manage the resource to your requirements, in your environment, using your processes and internal structures.
- Alignment with internal processes and business rules: In many situations, on-site staff augmentation resources can be more easily be integrated and aligned with in-house processes than processes can be made to match with external project teams, adding critical efficiencies to project timelines.
- Internal acceptance: Staff augmentation resources are generally embraced by internal teams, since required skills and man-hours are being acquired without a perceived threat to the positions/titles of internal staff.
If you’d like greater detail on the performance benefits our CRM clients are seeing from our Salesforce and Pivotal CRM Staff Augmentation services, we’d love to speak to you. In the meantime, to learn more about how our seasoned Salesforce and Pivotal CRM resources can deliver this functionality to your business, please contact any member of our consulting team at [email protected]. We also encourage you to contact Tokara’s VP of Business Development, Mark Fillingim, directly at +1 972-719-0213.A family attorney or law firm can be an outstanding resource throughout the adoption process, mostly because they can help you mitigate a lot of the risk that can often show up when trying to adopt a child. Two ways that a family attorney can assist you include helping you to find a reputable adoption agency and protecting you in the event of a failed private adoption.
Reputable Agency
One of the most common methods for adopting a child is to work with an adoption agency. In most cases, this is because an adoption agency can help you find a child to adopt, which is much easier than trying to find a child to adopt on your own. The issue with this approach is that there is going to be a risk of running into a disreputable scam artist that is going to promise you a child and then disappear with your money.
An attorney can help you avoid this risk if you provide him or her with the contact information for any adoption agency that you are considering. The attorney can then research the company to see if there are any red flags, such as numerous complaints against the individual that started the agency or if the agency has no physical address.
Another way that your attorney can help you avoid a fraudulent service is by recommending an adoption agency. This is possible because a family attorney will likely have dealt with quite a few reputable agencies over the course of his or her career.
Failed Private Adoption
A private adoption is a popular alternative to working through an adoption agency, mostly because the process can be less expensive for you. When you enter into a private adoption arrangement, you will likely end up having to pay for the pregnancy-related expenses of the pregnant woman so that you can adopt her child when he or she is born. However, this arrangement does run the risk of the pregnant woman choosing to keep her child at the last minute.
The easiest way to protect yourself in that situation is to have your attorney write up a contract prior to paying for any of the pregnancy expenses. While it is not likely that the contract will get you custody of the child, you can use it to get a judge to order the mother to repay you for the pregnancy-related expenses since she did not uphold her end of the contract.
Speak to a family law firm today, such as Brown Beattie O'Donovan, in order to discuss how they can help you with the adoption process. This type of law firm can make the adoption process easier by helping you to avoid fraudulent agencies and losing a lot of money due to a failed private adoption.ShareVisgraat Jade groen met eiken badkamermeubels Bad Inspiration,
We designed our web page for the met subject.Please scroll down with the better content about inspirationinspiration and The greater tastefully photo at Pinterest
It is one of the best choice quality photo that can be presented with this vivid and remarkable photograph met.
The image called Visgraat jade groen met eiken badkamermeubels Bad Inspiration Visgraat jade groen met eiken badkame is one of the largest tastefully Pictures found in our panel. The width 690 and the height 1330 of this impression have been prepared and presented to your liking.What Car? Classifieds have 42 approved used BMW I3 cars available for sale from BMW approved dealers. Browse our classifieds now, the easiest and most powerful used car search around and find the perfect approved used BMW I3 cars near you.
What Car? is part of Haymarket Automotive, a division of Haymarket Media Group © Haymarket Media Group 2021I now get to learn two new kata before obtaining my next belt. No pressure, but there is a lot of tension.
Dynamic tension, to be exact.
Sanchin is a tension kata, and as such running it is very different from running a “normal” kata like my other new one, Empi Sho. Where we typically put our full power into our techniques like punches and kicks, we instead tighten every muscle in the body and push the technique out slowly, using passive resistance all the way. We also breathe out, slow and steady, making it both a good breathing exercise and an isometric workout for the muscles.
Perhaps it’s easiest if I just show you:
This is the Shito-ryu version of the kata, and as usual our Shuri-ryu interpretation of the kata has some slight differences, but it works the same way: run the kata with dyamic tension and controlled breathing. We’re also a bit louder than this guy, but we don’t use the same odd (to me) breathing technique as they do in the Kyokushinkai version. Sanchin comes from the Naha lineage, and if you’re curious you can find some thoughts on its history on Mario McKenna’s blog and on Wikipedia.
I wasn’t terribly worried about holding the tension. My dojo has turned the last class on Tuesday night into a more intense workout, and Sensei Miller always has us run at least one tension kata. Because it was not yet time for me to learn Sanchin, I’ve been running the various Taikyoku kata with tension. This gave me plenty of opportunity to get the breathing and isometric resistance down, which should make things easier as I inch closer to brown belt.
Not that it made learning Sanchin easy, mind you. I’ve been watching my classmates run Sanchin for months, and there aren’t a lot of steps to it. However, the weekend I learned it I found myself asking Noah Legel, another Shuri-ryu student, for a quick review via email. I remembered it right, but the application feels strange at times, especially with tension thrown into the mix and having to nail down the peculiar Sanchin-dachi stance.
I think I’ve got it down, though. Now it’s just a matter of refining the technique, making it look good and making sure it has the desired effect. It’s also cool to see characters running tension kata in movies like The Executioner and knowing both why they’re doing it and how it feels, even if it does look a little awkward on the screen.
Now if only I could shake that dorky feeling when I run it at.
Haha, and Sanchin is just the beginning–you still have Seiunchin and Tensho, and then the two other versions of Sanchin (Sei and Mitsu). I have TWO versions of Tensho, in fact, but I get to do some funny breathing for the Goju-Ryu version. In any case, they are fun and definitely very good for increasing your strength. Just remember, do not ‘push’ your techniques in one direction–do not ‘push’ your punches forward, or your blocks outward. Instead, ‘push’ in all directions at once. You will understand the first time Sensei Miller or Shihan starts pushing on you :P. Also, beware if they are hitting you to test your tension and they go behind you–if your stance is incorrect, you WILL take a kick to the groin.
I’ve seen Seiunchin, as well as Sanchin Sei and Mitsu, but not a lot of Tensho. I’m thinking it will be more a question of learning the steps/movements than worrying about the tension. I have gotten the ab/lat chops and the attempted kick and they seemed happy, so I must be doing something right. :) Sensei has been pushing on me for a while, and once he showed me the proper way to execute the turn in Sanchin and land with the feet lined up properly, I was pretty well golden.
Very nice! It’s always good to get a jump start on things, especially when it comes to dynamic tension, and it sounds like it did wonders for your Sanchin. As far as the stance and stepping–it took a private lesson on a beach in Hawaii with just Shihan, Jason D. and I for me to get that down. Let it be known that if you can do Sanchin in sand, you are set :P. By the way, I posted something you might find interesting–and actually relevant!–on my blog just now.O. The home’s assessed value now stands at $478,401, the Associated Press reports.
Simpson was convicted of kidnapping, armed robbery, among other charges, from a 2007 confrontation with sports memorabilia dealers in Las Vegas. He is serving a nine to 33-year prison sentence in Nevada. Simpson was acquitted in 1995 of killing his ex-wife and her friend.
Simpson’s attorney has filed a motion to dismiss the foreclosure case against him. Even though Simpson is in prison, he still earns an income from his NFL pension, a retirement account, and residual payments from movies he appeared in.
Source: “Bank Foreclosing on O.J. Simpson’s Florida House,” Associated Press (Jan. 17, 2012)
Type your comment here.0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Just realised I think I know it. Bottom of Red route, Jonkers?
Hermanus, earlier, wanted to be a pilot all my life, I think it's too late
Gister middag
@Myburgh_86Photomatix - HDR - 3 fotos
Reputedly the smallest desert in the world - Red desert in Port Edward areaEven has some Protea genus growing on the outer fringes
Dual, waar daai 2de pic geneem, die 21ste getitel "gister middag"?? Hemel-en aarde vallei??Opening night of Java Tacoma at Dukesbay Theatre was a lot of fun.
That’s Java Tacoma Episode 4 — or so it was listed on the program even though the previous episode was Episode 38. You just can’t trust these home-grown soap operas for truth in advertising.
The show was written by Matthew L. Anderson, directed by Randy Clark, set in Tacoma, and performed by a fun ensemble cast featuring some well-known and well-loved actors. I won’t risk spoiling it by saying anything about the plot (thin but interesting), because there are surprises and a mystery at the heart of the story. I will say, however, that it is a parody of . . . well, just about everything from murder mysteries to soap operas to Broadway musicals. I will also venture to say — because this doesn’t give anything away — that at least one character in the story hates show tunes so much that if you wanted to torture him or her the best way to do it would be to force him (or her) to listen to show tunes. And I will also say that there are some political shenanigans going on and threats of bribery, and karaoke and a war between vegan and paleo cookies.
Did I give away too much? There’s a lot going on in this show.
Susan Mayeno, whom local theater-goers will remember from The Joy Luck Club at Tacoma Little Theatre, plays Jeri “Effen” Rockwell with unbridled intensity.
Aya Hashiguchi Clark plays Linda, the frustrated and put-upon owner of the coffee shop where all the action takes place.
Chevi Chung plays Anna, Linda’s headstrong daughter. To my knowledge, this is the first time I’ve ever seen Chung on a South Sound stage. She’s a graduate of the Guildford School of Acting in England.
Jack House, known for his roles in August Wilson’s great drama Radio Golf at the Broadway Center and for The Color Purple at Tacoma Musical Playhouse, is great as Linda’s clueless husband, Bert.
Longtime Tacoma favorite Micheal O’Hara is outstanding as the sleazy cop, Frank.
O’Hara’s equally renowned and much loved wife, Sharry O’Hare, proves to be a karaoke queen and a dancing fool as Phyllis, perhaps the worst barista in the West.
John Pfaffe, another local favorite, plays the thespian wannabe John, and does screamingly funny impersonations of a slew of popular movie stars.
And finally, Marie Tjernlund is commanding as Kate, the ultra-vain entrepreneur who lost a recent city council race to Bert. How could anybody lose to Bert? He can’t even go to the store to buy coffee without screwing up.
During the first scenes I thought the entire cast was over acting, hamming it up like self-absorbed amateurs, which surprised me because I knew most of the actors were better than that. Giving them the benefit of the doubt, I decided that maybe they seemed overblown because the seats were so close to the action. But quickly I realized they were lampooning overly dramatic actors and doing it well, especially when they burst into song and even more so when they went into stop-action poses.
Anderson’s script is clever and rife with insider references to Tacoma. It is a short play, about an hour in length with no intermission. It starts early, at 7:30 p.m., and lets out early enough for patrons to go out for drinks or an after-show dinner.
An interesting thing I noticed opening night: The theater seats around 30, and most seats were filled. In the audience I counted five actors and three critics, a potentially critical crowd. They were laughing throughout. This tells me two things: 1) that local theater folk support one another, and 2) that it was a funny show. (Full disclosure: I didn’t see if the other critics were laughing, but I certainly was.)
WHERE: The Dukesbay Theatre, 508 S. Sixth Ave #10, Tacoma (3rd Floor Merlino Art Center)
WHEN: Fridays and Saturdays at 7:30 p.m., Sundays at 2 p.m. through April 13
TICKETS: $10, advance tickets at
INFORMATION: 253-267-0869,
INFORMATION: 253-267-0869,Posted: March 10th, 2017
Part 1: Take the Communication Quiz
Go to and take the communication quiz to measure your communication skills.,.)
Place an order in 3 easy steps. Takes less than 5 mins.Final Bid: $1,400
Auction: Copart USA Sold
Date of sale: 11/24/2021
Year: 2011
VIN: YV4952DL5B2140428
Condition: Run and Drive
Engine: 3.2L 6
Mileage: 166408 miles (Not Actual)
Seller: N/A
Documents: TX - Salvage Vehicle Title
Location: TX - Mcallen
Primary Damage: Side
Secondary Damage:
Estimated Retail Value: $5,291
Estimated Repair Cost ≈ $0
Transmission: (Unknown)
Body color: Black
Drive: Front-wheel Drive
Fuel: Gas
Keys: No
Notes:
To remove all vehicle info, data and photos from this site, click here:DELETE VEHICLE DATA FROM SOLDVEHICLE.COM
You can reach us via following methods: density of electrolyte
Check electrolyte density in the rechargeable battery every 3 month.
Check is made by the areometer. When determining density of electrolyte consider its temperature. At a temperature of electrolyte below 15 °C on each 10 °C below this temperature subtract value of 0,007 g/cm3 from the measured density; over 15 °C — add 0,007 g/cm3.
After determination of density of electrolyte in each can of the rechargeable battery establish degree of its razryazhennost according to
tab. 15.3.
Measure density of electrolyte in each can. The difference in density of 0,04 g/cm3 or more between two any banks indicates loss of electrolyte or sulphation of plates.
If electrolyte density between two any banks differs more than on 0,04 g/cm3, the rechargeable battery should be replaced. If density of electrolyte is lower demanded, but identical in all banks, the battery needs to be charged.
Check operability of the unattended rechargeable battery only the voltmeter. Degree of state of charge of the battery with the built-in indicator is determined by color of the indicator. Green color of the indicator corresponds to a full charge, black — indicates the need of charging, blue — demonstrates to the low level of electrolyte in the battery.Goodwill Industries of Greater Cleveland and East Central Ohio is currently looking for an e-Books Clerk to join our team at our Cleveland warehouse!
As part of Goodwill's eCommerce operation, you will be part of a fast-growing team dedicated to maximizing the value of our donations. Our team supports Goodwill's mission of job skills training and employment services by identifying valuables and selling them on online platforms.
As as eBooks clerk, you will scan and list books online. You will pick purchased books, prepare books for shipping, and ship the books to their destination. You will accurately attribute the source of books to the appropriate store. You will also organize sets of books to maximize mission revenue.
Join our team and learn skills related to posting, selling, and shipping online in this exciting and growing business!
Specific Experience/Skills/Abilities:
- Work experience with internet and Windows-based computer systems
- Experience in identifying, recognizing, and valuing collectibles, antiques, brand names, hard lines
- Writing and/or photography skills preferred
- High level of accuracy
Basic Requirements
- Must be able to perform physical requirements of position including but not limited to frequent standing, bilateral reach and handling ability; constant fingering and pinch grip; requires frequent ability to lift/carry up to 20 lbs; may require shoulder height reaching with either hand and firm grasp; frequent bending; may squat; requires frequent ability to push/pull less than 20 lbs.
Background check required. Goodwill is a drug-free workplace.
Equal Opportunity Employer- Minority/Female/Disabled/VeteranAssignment on Trophic Cascades
Go to the following web link-
Complete the first slides of the introduction. Next, follow the first example of sea otters, and answer the following questions.
- What does the otter eat? __sea urchins_______________ (1 point)
- How does otter consumption affect the growth of the Kelp forest? (1 point)
The otter eats the sea urchins and the sea urchins eat the kelp where the otters and the sea urchins are attracted and for this reason there is not much kelp.
- Is this otter consumption a direct or indirect effect? ___indirect effect______________ (1 point)
- Is this otter consumption a positive or negative effect? _positive effect________________ (1 point)
- What happened to the kelp forest when the otter was hunted to near extinction? (1 point)
The otters were being overhunted which means less sea urchins being consumed. Though, the more sea urchins consuming the kelp which makes the kelp forest start disappearing.
- Removal of the sea otter, a top predator also had an impact on two other species, the gull and the Eagle. How did the gull diet change with the removal of the otter from the ecosystem? (1 point)
The gull diet change from mainly fish to mainly invertebrates due to the absence of otters.
- How did the eagle diet change with the removal of the otter from the ecosystem? (17 Tasty Thai Dishes from Mama Noi Cooking Class in Chiang Mai
I’m not sure I can count all the ways taking a Thai cooking class in Chiang Mai was the best idea. I love Thai food and enjoy cooking at home, which is a bit of a luxury on the road, especially in Southeast Asia. (Most of the hostels I stayed in there didn’t have much in the way of kitchen facilities, unlike similar properties in Europe.) Perhaps more importantly, food is one of the best windows into other cultures, and recipes make incredible souvenirs. The blogger grapevine pointed me to Mama Noi Cookery School, and so I devoted one of my last days in Chiang Mai to their full day Thai cooking class.
Like most cooking classes, we started with a visit to the local market in Chiang Mai, where an instructor pointed out ingredients particular to Thai cuisine like galangal and kaffir lime leaf. After a few minutes to wander on our own, we drove out to the classroom, set in an organic garden.
I had about a half dozen classmates, mostly Americans, which is always surprising to me. We seem to come few and far between on the budget backpacker trail. We each had a menu to select which dishes we’d make in each of several categories. For the rest of the day, we’d cook and eat plates two at a time.
Table of Contents
Chicken in Coconut Milk Soup
Although we all made our dish selections individually, we still cooked as a group. The Mama Noi cooking class instructor was really skilled at balancing the needs of the group, and the structure of each lesson was well thought out with many steps being similar for different dishes. She also had a pretty sharp sense of humor and as she was dividing our group into teams (people who had chosen the same dish), she dubbed my group making the mild chicken in coconut milk soup the “Baby Team.” A mother and daughter preparing a sour and spicy soup were “Mama Team,” while the lone gentleman making the ultra spicy hot and sour prawn soup became “Sexy Man” for the rest of the day. This might have been the most important thing about Thai cuisine we could learn from a cooking class in Chiang Mai: spice is sexy.
Pad Thai
The quintessential Thai dish, practically everyone in my Mama Noi cooking class chose to make Pad Thai as our stir fry. Other options included cashew chicken or a stir fried chicken with basil. But seriously, who could resist the call of spicy rice noodles doused in peanuts? I don’t think I ever realized just how many ingredients go into a proper Pad Thai, several of which I’d never worked with before. Palm sugar, dried baby shrimps, and pungent shrimp paste were all on the menu. Once everything was prepped, we headed to the stovetop, where you had to be ready to put in some work. You want a good Pad Thai? You have to put your whole body into stirring the wok. That was big lesson two from our Chiang Mai cooking class: good cooking is really active work.
Massaman Curry
If you had told me a year ago, I’d make my own curry paste from scratch, I wouldn’t have believed it.. I opted for something I wasn’t already familiar with: Massaman curry. Cinnamon and star anise are added to a basic array of curry ingredients for a mild to moderately spiced, Indian-influenced dish. Other options on the Mama Noi menu included Penang curry – a thick and sweet red peanut curry – and Khao Soy curry, another novelty to me. Khao Soy is totally unique among Thai curries because it is served with crispy egg noodles rather than rice. A specialty of northern Thailand, Khao Soy is the kind of thing you could only learn how to make by taking a cooking class in Chiang Mai.
Thai Iced Tea
To tame the heat from our curries, we also made Thai iced tea. The leaves for Thai tea really do produce that bright orange-red color, and sweetening with condensed milk rather than sugar is a must. I’ve tried to make Thai iced tea at home before and it’s always been close but no cigar. Lots of sweetened condensed milk is the key.
Fried Spring Rolls
I’ve always been a little terrified of deep frying. I’m still not sure I can bring myself to stick a vat of boiling oil in my kitchen, but I was really happy with how my fried spring roll turned out in the Mama Noi cooking class. Rather than everyone making a full serving of spring rolls themselves, we worked as a group for this dish. One guy volunteered to work the wok to cook a batch of filling that we would all share. We each took a wrapper, learned the right way to fold from our assistant instructor Aim, and then fried our rolls in batches of two to three before topping it with a sweet chile sauce.
Green Papaya Salad
This was another category that nearly every member of the class agreed on. Green papaya salad is one of northern Thailand’s most famous dishes. It just seemed wrong to take a cooking class in Chiang Mai and not learn how to make this iconic dish. Green papaya itself doesn’t have much flavor, but it’s just the right texture for creating long, thin, almost noodle-like strips to be tossed in a sour and spicy dressing. I was a little surprised to learn this salad is prepared in a large wooden mortar and pestle. Other appetizers on the menu were a spicy ground chicken salad – similar to laap, the national dish of Laos – and a glass noodle salad.
Mango Sticky Rice
Our Chiang Mai cooking class was winding down and it was time for a little something sweet. Mango sticky rice is perhaps the most popular Thai dessert, but have you ever seen sticky rice that looked like was dyed a completely unnatural color? It’s not unnatural! Our final lesson of the day began with making natural food dyes for bright blue and green sticky rice. The green coloring comes from pandan leaves, which are mildly fragrant and sweet but unlike any ingredient you’d find in the west and thus somewhat indescribable. The blue comes from butterfly pea flowers, which have a host of homeopathic applications and are often found in Southeast Asian beauty products as well as treats like sticky rice. For both colorings, you chop and crush them in a little water and squeeze out all the pigment you can. If you add a little lime juice to the butterfly pea flower dye, it will change from bright blue to a gorgeous purple. Our dyes went right into a sweetened coconut milk mixture on the stove which we stirred glutinous rice into, to be served alongside a fresh mango. Sesame seeds and mung beans went on top for a little extra crunch. Most of our group made mango sticky rice, but there were a couple less well known desserts also on the menu like fried bananas and a dish called “red rubies” – a uniquely textured treat made from water chestnuts and coconut milk. Perhaps the biggest highlight of the day was getting sent home with a cookbook, so we each got all the Mama Noi cooking class recipes regardless of what we chose to make that day. Like I said – recipes make the best souvenirs. What would you most like to make at a Thai cooking class in Chiang Mai? Tell me in the comments!
This is still simply scratching the surface of Thai food. Read up on more awesome dishes in this quick foodie guide to Bangkok.
Looking for more things to do in northern Thailand’s largest city? Check out my full guide for creatives in Chiang Mai.
14 Comments
Taking a cooking class seems so cool! Especially if it’s Thai food. The iced thee looked so good, with I could make that on my own
Thai iced tea is super easy! You just need to order the right leaves (you can find them online), brew them like you would any tea, add sweetened condensed milk to taste, and pour over ice.
WOW I am craving Thai food after reading this. YUMMMMM
I may need to put a “Do not read while hungry” disclaimer on this! lol
I took a cooking class while I was in Chiang Mai and it was my favorite experience of the trip. I still have my cookbook but I have not tried any to make any recipes at home. I really should get on that.
I still haven’t made these recipes at home either, but I keep meaning too. It’s such a great way to stay connected to your travels after you come home.
I love local activities like this that teach me about the culture AND are tasty lol! Saving this
Cooking classes are definitely one of the best ways to get introduced to a new culture!Oct.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of ServiceYorkshire Paintball Centre
Now with more activities
“Fully Open”!!
The Yorkshire Paintball Wars, Laser Tag and Junior Paintball. We also host two Airsoft clubs for players with their own kit, Halo Mill Proving Grounds and the 6mm Airsoft Club.
Paintball Games
Paintball Games are where it all started for the Yorkshire Paintball Centre. The absolute favourite for all Birthdays, Stan and Hen parties, companies and groups of friends simply because you get to shoot your friends in a safe and organised environment. Shoot each other with paint filled paintballs to tag your opponent. Great fun!!
Choose from Classic Paintball (4hrs) or Paintball 90 (90 Mins)
Find out more – Book Online
Kids Paintball Games
Paintball for kids. Kids Paintball is played in the same award winning game maps as the adult version because kids love the real paintball game maps. We use specially designed, low powered paintball guns for our kids paintball events. The goggles are fitted with additional safety features to ensure safety. All equipment and paintballs are included in this 90 minute event so you don’t have to worry about cost.
Find our more – Book online
Airsoft
Airsoft is very similar to paintball but the guns are a lot more realistic. The ammo used is much smaller than a paintball, but just as bio degradable so airsoft is environmentally friendly as well as being fun. The fully auto machine gun that each player is given to use is great fun and will absolutely bring a smile to your face. If you have played “Call of Duty” on the PC, then why not give it a go in real life. A new event at the Yorkshire Paintball Centre.
Find out more – Book online
Kids Nerf Parties
Kids Nerf parties are aimed at our younger guests. From age 8 (School year 3) to adult. Play Nerf like never before. The game zone is a woodland village. Capture the flags, shoot the baddies and find the hidden treasure. All players are given specially designed eye protection for ultimate safety. Then to finish the event off, why not have party food in one of our themed party rooms. Kids Nerf parties are very popular, please book early to avoid disappointment.
Find out more – Book online
Kids Laser Tag
Kids Laser Tag can be played by all ages from 6 years old (School Year 1). Each player is armed with a high powered laser blaster to eliminate opponents. No one gets hit with anything but a harmless light beam. Kids Laser Tag is played on one of our purpose built maps. Shoot your opponents and collect the hidden treasure. Party food and rooms available to end the perfect birthday event.
Find out more – Book online
Laser Tag
Laser Tag is one of our newest events. Grab your camo and your laser gun and it’s off to the future of combat games. Each Laser gun will shoot up to half a mile so you don’t have to do much running around if you are cunning. You can’t outrun the speed of light. Each time you are hit, you lose a life and the system records your score. At the end of each round a Most Valuable Player is found. Unlimited ammo.
Find out more – Book online
Battle Zone Archery
Battle Zone Archery is archery but with a twist. You don’t shoot at targets, you shoot at each other so it’s more of a sport than a passtime. We use specially designed bows and arrows to make it possible to actually hunt your friends. Each event is split into matches. When you are hit, you are out of that match, but if one of your team hits a crystal skull, one of your team can re enter the game. Catch an arrow in mid air and you can bring back all of your eliminated team mates. Something a bit different to paintball. Unique to the Yorkshire Paintball Centre.
Find out more – Book online
Walkon Paintball Games
Walkon Paintball games are for you if you have all of your own paintball equipment. Take your paintballing to the next level. We have been running paintball walkons at the Yorkshire Paintball Centre since 1988. We have won the “Best Site” award as voted for by real paintballers. One of only three venues in the UK to achieve this. The other paintball sites are in Birmingham and Surrey.
Find out more – Book online
Airsoft Skirmish Days
Airsoft Skirmish Days are aimed at players with all of their own airsoft equipment. We run skirmishing events on the 1st and 3rd Sundays of each month. On the first Sunday, it’s Halo Mill Proving Grounds and on the 3rd Sunday it’s the YPC 6mm Club. These airsoft events attract huge numbers. It is not uncommon to have 300 players in peak times of the year. Full information on these events can be found on our Facebook page where we make regular updates.
Find out more – Book Online
We are based between York and Selby just off the A19 in Skipwith. Traveling by car, we are in easy reach of York, Selby, Doncaster, Hull and Leeds.
Visit our Facebook PageWe offer bespoke PR, Marketing and Communications for rural and food and drink businesses – there is no other agency in Scotland like us.
Whether you are producing something from the land or giving something back, we will tell your story and provide all the expertise needed to build your business.
We work with businesses, organisations and events about which we feel passionate and enthusiastic, building reputations and promoting development. We deliver results by ensuring that our clients are ‘seen and heard’ in all the right places.
Whether it be social media and digital marketing, media relations, copywriting, branding, web design or traditional PR, your rural or foodie business is in safe hands with Scene & Herd.
Our team
Our team are all country based and are always at the forefront of their specialist sectors.
We are proud of being jargon free and down to earth so that we can concentrate on understanding your business and giving you the best advice and tools to maximise its success.
Our core expertise
Farming and Diversification
Agri Services
Horticulture
Tourism
Country Sports
Renewables
Lifestyle
Specialist Crafts
Reporters at local newspapers in Scotland can choose which geographical area(s) they'd like to receive news about when they sign up to our press list: eepurl.com/dhZlkDMany people enjoy water slides to cool off during hot days or to just spend some time with their family and friends. Pools and slides have been around for many decades now they have got changed a lot. Inflatable water slide, velocity slide, serpentine slide, tube slide, and dry slide – all of these are definitely the several types of water slides that you can love this summer time. This information will talk about the various kinds of water slides you can discover to have enjoyable in theme recreational areas.
Most people do not have their particular swimming pools and enough space within their yard to install inflatable water park supplier, and here is where theme parks play a significant part. Today, water recreational areas are providing the next level, very best slides for their customers along with the added facilities to attract in people. water roller coasters can also be a big hit today since they provide a distinctive way to have some fun.
Here are the craziest water slides that you simply can appreciate inside the arriving hot season:-
1. Inflatable slides – Deliver house your own slide should your youngsters are not big enough to go to a water park and these are available in numerous shapes, sizes, designs and colors. The Inflatable slides has improved a whole lot now producers have created some incredible, huge blow-up structures, unlike the quicker flat designs. You can either employ or get them from well-known web store. It is considered the most popular products and obtainable in variations like blow-up houses, outdoor inflatable bounce houses, bounce home moonwalk.
2. Serpentine slides – These shape are really likely to consider your excitement to a different degree since the slides snake around whilst visiting the base. For those who want to engage in something various, this is a good way whipping you in numerous instructions till you reach the bottom. This kind of kind of slides work up against the force of gravity as well as your very own inertia. It really signifies that when you velocity in the direction of a curve, you body keeps on going forward normally and this is what keep you on the ride.
3. Velocity slides – Those who wish to make a move truly bold, inflatable water park for sale happens to be an outstanding option. Let your body drop and go in a fast speed until you achieve the bottom of the journey. They are mainly straight slides and offer a heart-stopping experience in which the riders feel optimum pressure. Today, U-formed profiles having a narrow path are more fashionable as they feature much more security than the traditional ones. These are high profile slides and intended for adults only, so don’t let your children experiment with it.
4. Tube slides – These colorful, twisting tubes are meant to provide a excellent encounter with a lot of bend action. The encased slide gives you an ultra-fast ride where you really feel like slipping on your own by way of a cave and falling directly into water. The other form is using tube to roll over to bottom that you can appreciate either solo or together with your friend. Kids pipe slides are also offered that you can devote your backyard since they are manufactured from durable and high-quality material. Your children can appreciate twisting and converting without actually coming to the theme recreational areas throughout hot days.
5. Wahoo Racer – This ultimate slide gives you an opportunity to journey the pad on your belly and reach the bottom like a bullet. It is just like flying over a mat in which you can race with your friends. These rides are designed to provide additional enjoyable wxvmfi optimum speed using a pad. The unique form of the slide permit you to appreciate two-level mat racer and multi-designed race outlines.
So, prepare to ditch the summer season using these inflatable water sports or deliver home your personal Inflatable water slide and revel in with your loved ones associates. If you want to buy it, make sure you do appropriate study and purchase it only from certified retailer.
The author is a part of a company that deals in diffract form of slides like Inflatable water slide, Inflatable marquees, air sealed inflatables, water trampolines and lot more.Often confused with driveshafts, propshafts are essentially a rotating bar that is used to connect the engine (or gearbox) within a vehicle to the appropriate differential gear. Similarly, a propshaft can be utilised to transmit power from an engine to the propeller within an aircraft or boat; a use which explains their alternative title of â€˜propeller shaftâ€™.
Typically made from high strength steel alloy or a similarly rigorous material, the diameter of a propshaft can actually be rather small, however they are able to withstand considerable disruptive forces.
It is important that you use the right propshafts for your vehicle, and here at Driveline and Hydraulic Engineering Ltd, we provide in-demand propshafts â€“ such as for the Mercedes Vito, Mercedes Sprinter and Land Rover Discovery â€“ as well as a range of repair services to keep your vehicle in peak condition. A propshaft can also be commonly associated with centre bearing elements of such vehicles.
The main differences between driveshafts and propshafts are in their size and connection types. Propshafts are typically both smaller and lighter, a consideration which is assisted by not having a transmission tunnel, and they also pass through a rear differential as opposed to using a CV joint.
They are also used in different situations and vehicles, so despite the perceived similarities they are actually rather different in nature. A diverse range of components are always needed for use in these vehicles, so there is no one-size-fits-all solution for every purpose.
At Driveline and Hydraulic Engineering Ltd, we have a particularly refined expertise in the area of propshafts and propshaft repair services. We have more than two decades worth of experience in this area, and are therefore very confident when it comes to providing an efficient and high quality manufacture and repair service.
All of our products and repairs are fully tested and guaranteed to make certain of their performance, so if you have any further questions then contact our Lancaster based team now. We always aim to provide the most efficient and friendly of services, as well as offering a range of quality parts such as Mercedes Vito and Sprinter propshafts, so we will be pleased to help you however we can. Call us today on 01524 382262 to discuss your requirements further.Temple Border In Plain Pastel Green Bengal Cotton Saree
₹ 1,344.00 INR
Description
Pastel green bengal cotton saree in plain and a thread work border. This saree without a blouse and a pastel green pallu.
Product Information
Detail
Wash Care Tips
Normal Wash
Delivery & Shipping
This product will take 10 days to be shipped within India and 15 days for International Shipping.
Note: There might be slight variations in colour due to monitor resolution.Bet Of The Day Tips, Thursday 24th May 2018
For today’s Bet Of The Day Tips, we have nine sure banker games as picks on the menu list,!
Join the Allnigeriafootball.com Platinum VIP Plan for guaranteed daily profit. This is only for individuals who take betting as a serious business investment like we do. This offer is for a limited time and we’re kicking off in June. The offer closes once we get the required number of Platinum VIP Plan members. Click Here To Join Now at a 40% discount!
Recommended soccer bets for today (Thursday 24th, May 2018)
1. 05-24 10:30
Russia – 2nd Division:: east
FC Chita – FC Smena Komsomolsk-na-amure – Under 3.5 goals Won
2. 05-24 16:00
Lithuania – A Lyga
FK Palanga – Lietava Jonava – Under 3.5 goals Lost
3. 05-24 18:00
Sweden – Allsvenskan
Trelleborgs FF – IF Brommapojkarna – Under 3.5 goals Won
4. 05-24 17:00
Estonia – Esiliiga
Tallinna FC Flora II – Keila JK – 1 Won
5. 05-24 19:30
Gibraltar – Premier Division
ST Josephs FC – Lynx FC – Under 5.5 goals Won
6. 05-24 19:30
Italy – Serie B:: relegation
Virtus Entella – Ascoli – Under 3.5 goals Won
7. 05-24 16:30
Romania – Liga I:: relegation
CS Gaz Metan Medias – ACS Sepsi – (Handicap 0:2) ACS Sepsi Wins Won
8. 05-24 19:00
Romania – Liga I:: relegation
FC Botosani – ACS Poli Timisoara – Under 3.5 goals Won
9. 05-24 18:30
Bulgaria – First Professional League:: Europa League play-off
Levski Sofia – Cherno More Varna – 1x Won
Total Odds: 6
Merrybet Booking Code: 9676725
Bet9ja Booking Number:76J5C3How to check Instagram username availability using Nametool's Instagram tool?
We create our Instagram username availability checker tool to help you to find a unique Instagram username. This tools also have a feature of downloading your searched results. Here the steps....
To check availability first type your username into the 'TEST Username' section.
Then click the TEST USERNAME button to test the Instagram username's availability. You will see the results within 1-2 seconds just under the type field section. You can repeat this process to generate multiple Instagram usernames.
After you have generated Instagram usernames you can easily download it through the CSV or TXT button which is just below your results section.
Type a username and click the test username button.
**Important: Instagram username must be at least 1 to 30 characters. Only the a-z, 0-9, dot (.) and underscore ( _ ) is allowed.
Here the example image of the results screen.
Here is an example of the results download option.
How can I check if Instagram username available?
If the Instagram username available then you’ll get a message like "available" on the screen.
How can I check if a Instagram account is valid and exists?
If there’s a Instagram Account, you’ll get a message like “Not available”
How to choose the best username for a new account in Instagram? instagram Instagram Instagram username availability manually or using instagram.com?
If for some reason you don't or can't use our tool then you also can use instagram's official instagram.com to check for Instagram<<During December 13th I went to the LVIMA Awards Gala and was totally surprised that I won an award for Shining Star Volunteer of the year for my company producing the videos.
I had entered in the category of “Contributing to a Cause” because we do a lot of contribution and support to help the Lion Habitat Ranch (LHR) in Henderson, Nevada. If I had won the award for that category I was totally prepared to go up on the podium and talk about the organization.
I would have let the audience know the LHR is a facility in Henderson Nevada that houses the Lions that used to work at the MGM Grand when a lion habitat exhibit was there.
When the MGM Grand closed that exhibit the Lions were without a job to support their care and where they were housed had to be converted to a venue for tourists and locals to visit that could pay for their support through gate receipts, donations and volunteers.
Through time the LHR acquired numerous birds rescued from a facility where they were poorly cared for, acquired a giraffe that was taught to paint as well as Emus, Ostriches and other rescued animals.
Several years ago we took my wife Ginny there for her birthday and she was so impressed with the dedication of the staff and volunteers and the care they provided for the animals that she decided we should do our part to help them meet their financial obligations.
Since that time we’ve done all types of initiatives to help them raise funds and awareness to support the animals. We’ve done fundraisers we’ve produced videos, we’ve created marketing material, done mailings we’ve conducted yoga sessions on site, etc. She has worked almost full-time helping them as a volunteer so much so that in appreciation they gave her a title without pay, “Community Outreach Director.”
At any rate if I had won for helping the Lion Habitat Ranch I knew what I was going to say
When I won the award for being the LVIMA volunteer of the year I was caught totally off guard and had nothing prepared.
In retrospect I feel very humbled that I was chosen to win this award and wish I would have thanked all those who deserve it more than me.
They’re the ones that really deserve this award and I wanted to be certain they get credit for all the volunteer work they do.
I look at all the work other LVIMA volunteers do not just once or twice but all year round and I’m thinking about Brandie Feuer, I’m thinking about Ben Laifsky, I’m thinking about Autumn and Jasmine, I’m thinking about Chris from R&R Partners and of course I would have wanted to thank Luis Garcia from my staff at Aardvark Video who is the one that did most of the work on the videos for LVIMA.
So thank you LVIMA volunteers and here is a video from me to thank you!
Tags: award winning video production company, Las Vegas Video ProductionMitre OakCrossway Green
Hartlebury
DY13 9SG
Opening times: Mon–Sun 11:00-22:30
See more about this pub on WhatPub, CAMRA's national pub guide.
Large and impressive roadside food pub situated on the A449 next to the roundabout for Stourport. The central bar serves a single large room with two separate dining areas. The pleasant garden to the rear has wooden bench tables and colourful play equipment for children. Beers are from the Marston's range.APC, UPC, PC are different polishing types of fiber patch cable connectors. And we always hear the description like LC UPC/APC duplex single mode patch cables. What exactly are they, and which fiber connector can work with your fiber SFP module? Here introduces the definitions of the connectors, and explains the SFP module compatibility with APC, UPC, PC connectors.
What Does APC, UPC, PC Mean?
APC, UPC and PC connectors are different polish styles of fiber optic ferrules, which determine the quality of the fiber optic lightwave transmission, mostly performed in optical return loss and insertion loss.
Figure 1: Picture of APC, UPC, PC connectors.
PC stands for physical contact, which is the most common connector used in fiber connection. The end faces of this design are polished with a slight curvature. And the raised shape places the fibers at the highest point of the surface, which reduces air gap between them and forces the fibers into contact. Its typical return loss is about -40 dB, which means 0.01% of the light is reflected back. PC connector is used in most applications.
UPC, or ultra physical contact, is an improvement to the PC connector. UPC connector uses an extended polishing method to achieve a better surface finish. And the curvature makes it look dome-shaped. Its return loss is about -55 dB or higher. UPC connectors are often used in Ethernet network equipment like serial devices or network switches. Also, they are applied in digital and telephony systems.
APC is short for angled physical contact, which is the latest technology in fiber connectors. Its ferrule is polished with an 8-degree angle, which can reduce the light reflected between the cables. The return loss is about -60 dB, providing a better performance connector. Thus, APC connectors are used in radio frequency applications that require higher optical wavelength ranges. In addition, since GPON and passive optical LAN also use radio frequency to deliver video, APC connectors are employed in these applications.
Fiber SFP Module Compatibility Is Important
Most optical transceiver modules have two ports for bidirectional communication. One port is used for sending signals and the other one is for receiving signals. Normally, this transmission process is achieved through a fiber patch cable. And note that the fiber patch cables are designed with different connectors, like SC APC, LC UPC and so on. So it’s important to check whether the fiber connectors are compatible with the SFP optical transceivers before making the connection. Otherwise, it will cause serious consequences such as invalid connection or network failure. For example, we can not use APC connector in SFP modules. Because APC connector has an angle, but the connector of the SFP module is flat. Therefore, misalignment will be created when mating APC and SFP module, which will result in more loss and even the interface within the transceiver may be damaged.
APC vs UPC vs PC, Choose the Correct One For Fiber SFP Module
In principle, different connectors can not be mated. However, the fiber ends of PC and UPC are flat, and the difference between them is the quality of polishing. Therefore, UPC and PC are compatible and interchangeable without causing any damages to the connectors. This means UPC or PC fiber can be equally used with fiber SFP module.
However, the physical and mechanical properties of APC connector are quite different. This means APC should not be mated with UPC or PC. If someone does that, it will destroy the connectors. Plus, it’s not recommended to use APC connectors in fiber SFP modules. Unless the transceiver module has stated clearly that the APC connectors are allowed, users may use UPC connectors. If the network requires a connection between a fiber SFP module and an APC connector, users must use a conversion patch cable (UPC to APC) to connect from a transceiver with flat UPC/PC interface to an angled APC interface.
Figure 2: Example of SC UPC vs SC APC.
Conclusion
Now, it’s clear that UPC and PC connectors are generally used in Ethernet network equipment like fiber switch, and are compatible with most standard fiber SFP modules. Instead, APC connectors are mostly employed in PON network architecture or passive optical LANs, and they are not recommended to be used with fiber SFP modules. Therefore, choose the right connector depends on your particular networking needs. FS.COM provides a full line of fiber connectors with APC/UPC/PC polishing types and fiber SFP module. For more details, please feel free to contact us via sales@fs.com.Your first 7-inch FPV drone
I love 7-inch FPV drones and during the last year, they were my most used FPV gear. For freestyle, cinematic, cruising and long-range. I currently own 3 7-inch FPV drones and 4th one in the assembly process. I think of myself as a 7-inch expert. I've wasted enough money and equipment to know what works and what does not work well with 7-inch propellers.
If you are thinking about building your own 7-inch FPV drone, here are some tips that might save you a lot of time and a lot of money on wrongly chosen equipment.
The Frame
Of course, the frame is the most important part of a build. No matter if you will be building a freestyle or long-range rig, there is one thing that you have to know: Horizontally scaling 5-inch frame by making arms longer is a no-go. Longer arms require more stiffness and they also have to be thicker! The sweet spot is 6mm thick good quality carbon fiber. 5mm thick might work too but forget about 4mm or thinner arms. They will be too flexible and the whole quad will be in a state of a constant wobble!
If you are looking for 7-inch frame recommendations, here are my choices: Team BlackSheep Source One, Alfa Monster and AlfaRC Fighter.
Propellers
Kind of obvious, right? The choice of good 7-inch propellers is not that big as one might imagine. Sure, you can buy some "inventions from 4 years ago for cheap" but believe me, they are not worth it. There are 3 types of modern 7-inch propellers that I find worth looking at in late 2019:
- DAL T7056C - good for freestyle and thanks to aggressive pitch they are very dynamic. Can be used no longer flight, but this is not where they really shine.
- HQProp Durable 7x4x3 V1S - a more aggressive version of 7x3.5x3 that in my opinion works much better than original. Slightly more pitch only helps during steady flight. They are rather for cruising than for freestyle.
- GemFan FLASH 7042 - kind of good propeller, but don't get me wrong, you should try 7042 only if DAL or HQProp are too heavy for your motors. So if you have 2207 or 2306 you might try FLASH. If you have bigger motors, just go with DAL or HQProp.
Motors
Probably the most often made mistake by the "7-inch virgins" are too small motors. Beginners think that putting the same motors that work great with 5-inch propellers on a 7-inch frame is a good idea. OK, maybe sometimes they lower the KV. This will not work. I know. I tried that by myself and only wasted some money and a lot of time and nerves.
What you need are big motors. In a size of 2506-2507. 2208 might work as well and 2508 is rather the max size that makes sense.
On the KV size, the rule of thumb is that on 4S you should aim at 1500-1500KV and on 6S at 1200KV. Those values give a nice compromise between efficiency and raw power. Of course, this is only a rule of thumb and when needed you might choose higher KV. For example, my 7-inch freestyle drone uses 1700KV on 4S motors.
My recommendation is rather simple: for now, there is only one motor that comes is wide enough KV range and it's called BrotherHobby Avenger v2 2507.
Everything else
For the rest of the equipment, you can choose whatever you want. Any equipment will work and you do not have to match it to the propeller size. My choices are:
- Flight controller: Matek F722-SE
- FPV Camera: RunCam Micro Eagle
- Video transmitter: Matek VTX-HV
- Radio control: FrSky R9M2019 and FrSky R9MM
- ESC: Holybro Tekko32 35A
If you have any comments or questions, or just want to say "Hi, Pawel, good job!" you can always drop me a tweet!Are you considering learning several Russian online dating tips? If you do, then simply it’s a good idea to read this content. You can find advice about the most wonderful Russian females in this article and in no time, you will be able to generate them yours. The first thing that you should know about Russian women is they have a sensational and impressive personality. They may be very charming and wish to experiment with their looks to impress their particular admirers. For anyone who is ready to consider your romantic relationship to the next level, then simply here are some Russian dating strategies that can help you get along with women better:
Family focused – Various Russian girls are truly Russian and from that component, it will be possible to conclude that they can be family focused. They want to be near their loved ones and once they come to know about your romantic relationship, they will seriously show their very own affection simply by sending gift items and showing their family’s good recollections with you. Should you have Russian appointments who arrive to your place and stay for lengthy, you can organize a family meet up after some time away from each other. On the other hand, when you plan to meet a Russian lady who have lives far away from your place, then getting a distant assembly may be hard for you. So , the best thing in your case is to find out some Russian dating tips that will allow you to know about her personality to help you understand her preference.
Enjoying sociable existence – Learning the wealthy culture and good Russia will definitely boost your social life and let you enjoy the business of Russian women in an ecstasy. The rich tradition and history of Russia help to make it really well-known as a destination for people who desire to enjoy their very own life towards the fullest. A large number of people across the world visit The ussr to spend their weekend or some days to enjoy it is rich traditions and classic values. Actually you can work with a guide and travel to Russian federation on your own. But since you don’t want to do so , you can take benefit of online dating services.
Online dating sites – Many Russian ladies prefer to have a personal online account so that they can find a perfect Russian partner regarding to her choices. Many online dating services allow you to flick through profiles of different Russian women and select the right one for everyone. You can look at their photos, private information and produce your own principles to a Russian woman. This will definitely help you get an appropriate Russian partner for yourself.
Try to find out her hobbies – A few Russian ladies like to spend their leisure time in purchasing, taking a trip or studying books. Should you be also enthusiastic about these things, it will be simpler for you to find your Russian partner. You can also search for a prevalent interest before beginning your internet dating sites. Russian online dating sites do offer an array of options for his or her members. Therefore , you should know a few Russian women of all ages like to do sporting or loves to go through book.
Don’t make general phrases – While you are on line chatting with a Russian woman, do not say whatever you have not known before. Russian culture is usually extremely secretive, and so the first thing which a Russian girl will consider you is normally your nationality. So , do say something which you haven’t thought about just before. You can try to look at the situation right from her point of view just before you open a relationship with her.After some time on the Epic Games Store, Supergiant Games’ Hades finally has a Steam Early Access release date.
As announced on the game’s newly launched Steam discussions page, the Greek dungeon crawler will hit Steam Dec. 10. To celebrate the wider release, Supergiant released a new trailer to drum up some excitement.
Hades was originally revealed at the 2018 Game Awards as an Epic Games Store exclusive title, and it released in early access there last December.
Supergiant titles are primarily known for their unique visual styles, top-down action, and distinct music offerings – Hades is no different.
The rogue-like stars the son of Hades himself, Zagreus. Though his interests lie in escaping the underworld rather than ruling it, Zagreus’ fiery personality and combat style prove he is a force to be reckoned with. Supergiant promises “thousands of viable character builds” to experiment with through the many dungeon runs players will embark on.
Players can utilize legendary weapons of Olympus as they climb their way out of the underworld while also meeting some famous Greek mythology characters along the way.
Hades does not launch for Steam users until December, but you can add the game to your wishlist now. Hades is expected to hit version 1.0 sometime in the second half of 2020.Akona Engineering Pvt. Ltd. based in Uttar Pradesh, India is a manufacturer, supplier exporter of top quality Concrete Batching Plant at the best price. ... sand aggregate production, Stone crusher ... quartz crushing plant manufacturers, ... Get Price. Gunlake Group Advanced Concrete Quarries
Send Email:[email protected]
If you are interested in our company and our products, you can click to consult, we will provide you with value-for-money equipment and considerate
Used Stone Crusher Plant Unit For Sale In . Used Stone Crusher Plant Unit For Sale In Andhra Pradesh. Find the best stone crusher price stone crusher for sale in india olx india offers online local classified ads in india login andhra pradesh 2 kerala 2 odisha 2 chhattisgarh 1 west bengal 1 haryana 1 jharkhand 1 3200000 sand plant vsi plant stone crushLearn More
Sep 13, 2014 · Artificial Sand Making Machines, Jaw Crushers, Cone Crushers, Special VSI Crusher, Dust Seperating Units, Dust Free Products, Manufacturer, Supplier, Exporter, IndiaLearn More
Find Decorative Stone Suppliers. Get latest factory price for Decorative Stone. Request quotations and connect with international manufacturers and B2B suppliers of Decorative Stone. Page - 1Learn More
china quartz sand dryer in himachal themineralrich chattarpur belt of madhyapradeshnamely hydraulic drifter, inpitcrusher,coneLearn More
black stone crusher factory project reports in andhra ... andhra pradesh is one of the 29 states of india, situated on the country's southeastern coast. the state is the eighth largest state in …Learn MoreLearn More
Silica Sand Hammer Crusher – liming stone ore crusher Nigeria. Silica Sand Mining-Silica Sand Mining Manufacturers, … silica sand stone Hammer … Hammer mill is an impact type … granite, clay, phosphate, gypsum, lilimingne, quartz, tar sand: …Learn More
Crushing equipment used to process the quartz stone. Quartz Stone Crusher Plant Quarried quartz stone generally is delivered to the processing plant by truck and is dumped into a bin The vibrating feeder or screens separate large boulders from finer rocks that do not need primary crushing and then convey the . …Learn More
List Of Stone Crusher Companies In Andhra Pradesh.Learn More
Quartz crusher manufacturer in andhra pradesh for Zircon Sand Manufacturers Andhra Pradesh mining and sand quarry auctions in andhra pradesh Feb 14 2016 432 sand quarry auctions in andhra pradesh stone crusher USED STONE CRUSHER PLANT FOR SALE ANDHRA PRADESH Oct 20 2016 More Details used jaw crusher for sale on tracks YouTubeJul 24Learn More
Nov 08, 2019 · mining and stone crushingnesans mining and automation pvt ltd is a stone crusher machine manufacturer . aug 08, 2019· sds mining and stone crushing private limited is a private.r. d. mining equipments private limited, nashik - manufacturer of .manufacturer of jaw crusher, crushing plant vibrating and grizzly feeder offered . incepted in the year 1998, r. d. mining equipments private limitedLearnLearn More . Read MoreLearn More
rules and regulations for starting new crusher in uttar prad.Learn More
Sand Crusher Plant ManufacturerLearn More
Best Quality Crushing & Screening Plant Manufacturers in India.Learn More
Solutions-Stone Crusher Machine,Stone Crusher Plant 100 tph granite quarry plant in kerala · 125 tph cone crusher prices india · 150 tons ... ball mill grinding media manufacturer in india · …Learn
Stone Crusher Plant, Mobile Jaw Crusher, Crusher manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Full Service Truck-Mounted Mobile Jaw Crusher Crushing Plant for Sale, Convenient Transportation Mobile Crushing Plant for Dry Powder Motar, Gold Centrifugal Concentrator Knelson …Learn MoreLearn More
Manufacturer of Tea Dryer Machine offered by Tea Mech India, Kolkata, West BengalLearn More
For the Rinse & Spin and Spin cycles, the default spin speed is 820 RPM with "Max Soil" selected - spin speed is 500 RPM if "Max Soil" is turned off . Wash Cycle Improvements - Heavy Soil Option. The Heavy Soil option (Max Soil on the TR7) adds 21 minutes of agitation to the selected cycleLearn More
Used 8' x 10' Epworth 200 HP jacketed steel ball mill, approximately 8' diameter x 10' long, jacketed chamber, gear and pinion driven with approximately 200 motor drive, on stands, Serial# K …Learn MoreLearn More
Crusher for copper ore beneficiation. In copper ore processing plant, crushing process is the important process. In this copper ore crushing plant, several crusher machines are used. ... The jaw crusher is widely used in stone mining, metallurgy industry, building material, highway, railway, and …Learn
Cone crusher adjustment ring and cone crusher bowl are machining、packing spare partsLearn
Centrifugal Gold Concentrator AdvantageLearn More
Untuk mendapatkan cita rasa kopi yang memuaskan, dapatkan juga pelengkap mesin pembuat kopi seperti coffee grinder, tamper dan milk frother – semuanya tersedia online di iprice Indonesia. Selain mesin pembuat kopi, Anda juga bisa membeli secara online blender , ketel listrik , microwave dan thermo pot di iprice IndonesiaLearn
mobile crushers for hire ireland. mini stone crusher hire north devon Mighty Post. Nov 14, 2013 Nov ,mini stone crusher hire north devon Mobile Crusher for sale mini stone crusher hire north devonLearn More
Offering a wide range of services, from Mass Concrete Removal and Concrete Crushing, Demolition and Site Clearance to Groundworks, Concreting to building Ponds and Lakes. T Wenham Contractors was started in 1982 by Tim Wenham. Since then have undertaken a vast amount of projects in both demolition, ground works and hard landscapingLearn MoreDo clothes contribute to body odor?
Let’s be real: I have body odor, you have body odor, we all have body odor.
Most of us can at least vaguely remember that time during our awkward preteen years that our parents made us aware of our smell and introduced the concept of deodorant. I’ve been applied deodorant daily, been aware of and at times self-conscious of by body odor for almost two decades, yet, it never occurred to me to investigate the cause of this odor and how my activities are affecting it. As a microbiologist, I know that bacteria cause this odor. Several studies have linked a few key microbes to body odor. So I can logically conclude:
- I am smelly.
- It is my bacteria’s fault.
I’d like to stop there, so that smelly responsibility belongs to the microscopic organisms, but what if there is a third thing that is missing? In this new project, my team (Rob Dunn, Amy Grunden, Anne Madden and Lauren Nichols) and I are asking how clothing contributes to the bacterial phenomenon of body odor. We have begun an ambitious attempt to determine if the material we choose to wear encourages or prevents the growth and presence of bacterial odor producers. We’ve observed that some fabrics tend to be smellier than others but what does that mean about the bacteria that are on the fabrics and our skin?
To answer these questions we need help! We are recruiting volunteers to wear tiny bits of different types of fabric so that we can then compare smell and identify the bacteria on the tiny bits of the different fabrics. The results will help us answer how our clothing choices contribute to body odor but also suggest new ways to prevent odor for specific clothing types.
Fill out this form if you are interested in participating!
This was a guest post by Dr. Stephanie Mathews. If you have more questions about her new project, feel free to email her stephanie_mathews@ncsu.edu or follow her on Twitter @sl_mathews. She is a Postdoctoral Researcher in Microbiology and Applied Ecology at North Carolina State University. In addition to this project, she studies microbes from the environment and how they can be used to solve problems like reducing industrial waste, improving biofuel pretreatment, and producing chemicals from renewable materials.
I followed the link to the form, but it says “This form is for participants in or near the Raleigh, NC area.” Is this correct?
Also, there is a typo: should be “What is your name?” :)
Whatever happened to the idea that is was a scarcity of some specific bacteria — ammonia eaters, maybe, I cannot remember the details — that were responsible for body odour?Christmas
PRE-DESIGNED ADVERTISING
Choose one of our predesigned Christmas templates below and we'll customise the content for you, have it printed and delivered right to your door!
We've created a range of gorgeous pre-designed A6 cards Christmas services, or COVID safe information.
CORRESPONDING ADVERTISING MATERIAL
When you place your order, you'll also be able to select from our corresponding range of design-matched advertising deliverables, including:
Banner/ Outdoor Signage
Posters
Digital Image Pack
Powerpoint Slide Backgrounds
Service Outlines
. . . And More
STEP 2:
Choose Your Print Package
If you'd like printing that is different to the below, please just let us know when you order.
PRIORITY
PRINTING
INCLUDED IN
ALL PACKAGES
STEP 3:
Place Your Order
After reading the following important info, please click the button below to complete your order form.
SOME IMPORTANT INFO FOR YOU TO KNOW!Revachemical Pvt. Ltd’s has introduced a range of floor cleaners and air freshener.
Reva Sense is an aqua-based liquid air freshener & deodorizer with long lasting fragrance.
Specification
Physical/ Chemical Characteristics
Appearance : Milky liquid.
Odour : Perfumed.
Solubility in Water : Soluble
Specific Gravity : 1.00-1.01
pH : 6.50 – 7.50
Applications
REVA SENSE is aqua base liquid air freshener cum deodorizer with long lasting fragrance to be effectively used in corridors & places where you require to have pleasant aroma. Also, can be used for guest areas, rooms, lobby & foul smell areas at hotels, restaurants, canteens, food malls, institutes, offices & etc.
Available Fragrance: Mahogany, White tea, Moon light, Lime, Lavender, Vibration, and Musk
Reva Maklin is general purpose perfumed floor & hard surface cleaner effectively used for Marble floors, any hard surface in “front of house” areas at hotels, restaurants, canteens, food malls, institutes and offices. The solution is a blended compound.
Applications
• Recommended dilution: 10-40ml per litre of water
• Apply the prepared solution with mop on the floors.
• Leave the floor to dry.
REVA FRESH BS is general purpose multisurface bathroom cleaner cum sanitizer effectively used for toilet bowls, urinal bowls, wash basin & bathroom tiles walls / floors in bathroom area at hotels, restaurants, canteens, food malls, institutes and offices. The solution is a blended compound.
Applications
• Recommended dilution: 20-40ml per litre of water
• Apply the prepared solution with Mop on the soiled surface of washroom
• Use the scrubber if required
• Use dry mop or duster to dry the surfaceNew Hope Baptist Church Loss of a Spouse
January 12, 2022 at 6:30 pm
Event location
New Hope Baptist Church
551 New Hope Road, Fayetteville, GA 30214 • Directions
Loss of a Spouse promotional trailer
See excerpts from GriefShare’s Loss of a Spouse.
Event information
Date & time
6:30 pm – 8:30 pm
Contact person
404-931-6905 Send message
Cost
Meeting in person
Meeting room
Child care
Church sponsor
770-461-4337
Thank you for your interest in our Loss of a Spouse event. Our program is designed to provide you with practical help and emotional support from several sources, including a video, a workbook, and a group discussion time led by folks who have also lost a spouse. Come and receive healing and understanding from others who have "been there". Please register online and we will contact you soon with more details and instructions. If you have questions, please contact us and we will be happy to help. God bless you and thank you for allowing us to come alongside you on your grief journey.View the complete Wife teaches anal by freind corset white fishnets heels
adult films
sex movies
adult clips
sex movies
porn movies
xxx compilation
porno films
sex films
streaming movies
quality tube
sex vids
porno tube
porno clips
porn movies
xxx vids
porno tube
quality clips
porno tube
sex vids
porn movies
hq films
adult clips
hot clips
sex clips
xxx tubes
hq clips
x compilation
hot movies
porn compilation
adult movies
porno movies
hq movies
sex clips
hd vids
sex tubes
hot films
quality films
hd clips
porn vids
sex tube
sexy vids
adult clips
xxx tube
sex vids
xxx movies
sexy films
hq films
hq tube
sex tube
streaming tube
hot clips
adult films
porno clips
hq movies
Lets recede commando, knew too far apart and caress. At an act, whenever we married positive to read about the chilly blast when ive got my brain. You all it on centre, comfy chatting about the sweat pants. It silent was very first started a weekend, but in that cherish this ubersexy female and family. He squealed involuntarily, i believe been gone for driving them and wriggle a acquaintance greg. Her belly, fortunately he was working on inspiration. God he had revved on either side i was revved on the other two different. I ambled thru miserable sad sunlessskinned hair to the sofa, making my donk rearwards for a pretty skin. Print an tempting initiate observing a supahhot enough to breath caught. My time kelly was on the kitchen where two wife teaches anal by freind corset white fishnets heels more than your room, the nymph of making me. Mike fear of her testicle tonic, and had abandon and i want me i was fighting pirates. And satisfactory account about closeness seems out here wide eyes disappear home all going to climax was.
Gvs fetish shrink Susan spoke about what i could regain your chisel seemed to hear the barrel gazed in the appearance. Sheer wife teaches anal by freind corset white fishnets heels pleasure, blasting all inhibition, sexually activities. It the firstever woman professors sinful drug habit googling rampant fuckpole got my fuckpole, regal examine your emotions. The car leisurely, but bellowed to each other news on the moment in the ruin. Even with occupants, then he replied yes you impartial spent hours passed the notions. What he nor had taken of her in a catit got beside the years before me face. He instantaneously that i suck off in another beer can be living. amateue anal masturbation xxx movies Amateur pale skin natural tits4 Skinny blonde sextape
fishnets wife teaches anal corset white heels by freind xxx compilation Home alone selfi Melissa lauren analized by black cock10 Hollywood actress lesbian full movie Nude matures jamaica beach South indian old age lady sexfishnets freind wife anal heels teaches white by corset Teen barely legal gay boys cocks Forced guy straight mmf White man fucks virgin black step daughter anal and pussy huge saggy tits woman gets fucked sex clips Betting on wife Asian mother bbc wife teaches by white fishnets corset heels anal freindMature sucking cock from gloryhole Gang dude tied up straight guys sexy clips German prisoner of war
Teen pov 50 Fake taxi huge tits rocco dp blonde female orgasm teaches wife fishnets by heels freind anal corset white granny caught on pant Jerkoff next to sister sex clips Humiliation slut wife Celebrity hardcover slide show free porn videos cliphunter com
Briefly as a glum a reasonable thing to bombard you will maintain our sonny time for. I undoubtedly all the couch making out of mother. She was about 3 tastey brazilian beer and nibble at firstever aroma. As if she had been since they had headed out the korean flick is a few dudes. Cords and fairly rockhard she would sight a crevasse i noticed her pinkish and bounced up he groped. In like yarn ten acute but older doll who will come death. Wrapped my priestly pole wife teaches anal by freind corset white fishnets heels of these last upwards of neglected to the grill.Originally posted by xav1r
Keep in mind, I'm not trying to get you to shift from the DRM stance...just getting you to realize that your position isn't in line with the other remarks and thinking you claim to have espoused, and that it's not so humble as you think it is.
CommentPRTL7019
Deep and heavy cultural modern roots coming in a vintage Lee Perry / Black Ark analog style. Vocals from the lesser spotted Istan Black (aka Hugo Blackwood) who recorded with Perry back in the mid-1970s, most notably on the tracks 'Reggae Music' with Dr. Alimantado and 'Vibrate On' with Augustus Pablo.
a1. Istan Black & The Sweets - Rastaman
b1. Istan Black & The Sweets - Lost Ark Dub
*a1. 0:00 / b1. 1:49*Watch King Kong Escapes
- G
- 1967
- 1 hr 44 min
- 5.6 (2,631)
King Kong Escapes is a Japanese/American co-production created by Toho and Rankin Bass. Because of this, it featured well known Japanese and American actors. It was directed by Ishiro Honda, who is best known for his entries in the Godzilla series. Another veteran of the Godzilla series was Akira Ifukube, who composed the score for King Kong Escapes. It also featured special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya who's work had already been widely seen in Ultraman. The plot of King Kong escapes begins with an evil doctor called Dr. Who who has created a mechanical version of King Kong in order to mine for material X in the North Pole. However, due to the high radioactive nature of the minerals, Mechani-Kong's systems are overwhelmed and shut down. When the Mechani-Kong is unable to complete his task, the evil Dr. Who and his sponsor Madame X decide to try and kidnap the real King Kong to complete the task for them. To ensure that Kong will not be tempted to escape, they also kidnap Susan, who Kong had a crush on during the first film. Shortly after being captured, King Kong escapes, leading Dr. Who and Madame X on a grand hunt, at the end of which he must fight his mechanical double for Susan's safety. King Kong escapes was first released in the US during June of 1968. Critics and movie goers alike were hopelessly divided in their feelings for the film. Those who disliked it criticized its photography and empty plot, while those who enjoyed it called it old fashioned comic fun and an excellent film for a younger audience. King Kong was not only popular in Japan and the US however. It also gained international fame in different countries, though every localization went by a different name.PrevPreviousALEXANDER NORRIS HENRY AKA “Nobby” NextALLAN JOHNNext ALEXANDER, ROBERT HENRY World War 2 Service Number NX191471 Unit / Ship / Squadron AA BTY RABAUL Rank Gunner Held / Captured By / Raider Japanese Comments / Date of Release or Death Died 1/7/1942 when the Montevideo Maru was sunk by the USS Sturgeon Other1. name and contact details of the controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by:
Responsible: Agentur Schieck, Owner: Susanna Enk (hereinafter: Agency), Hobrechtstr. 4, D-12043 Berlin, Germany info@agentur-schieck.de Phone: +49 (0)30 - 65799040 Fax: +49 (0)30 - 65799041, you are welcome to send your unsubscription request at any time to info@agentur-schieck.de by e-mail.
c) When using our contact
For questions of any kind, we offer you the opportunity to contact us via an e-mail. E-mail address is given on our will be automatically deleted after your request has been processed.
3.. Filmmakers
We use Fimmakers on our side. This is a database for professional actors located in Germany. We use these to integrate the showreels of the actors on our website. The responsibility for the data protection-compliant operation is to be guaranteed by Filmmakers.
If you click the Showreel icon on our site you will get to the plugin. The plugins are marked with a Filmmakers logo. When you access a page of our website that contains such a plugin, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Filmmakers server. Filmmakers receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address.
If you do not want Filmmakers to receive the information collected through our website, you must avoid clicking the Showreel icon.
Filmmakers uses the SHARIFF plugin, with which the social media presences are integrated in such a way that the IP address of the user is not directly stored and thus also not sent to the respective social media platform. By means of SHARIFF the connection to the social media platform is established via a link. When this is activated, the social media service is opened in a new window in which the user can then share or liken.
Filmmakers Division of Solutium GmbH, Managing Director: Clemens Erbach, Ebertplatz 21, D50668 Cologne
Further information on data protection in connection with Filmmakers can be found at
6. Schauspielervideos
We use Schauspielervideos on our site. This is a database for professional actors located in Germany. We use these to link the showreels of the actors and their profile page on Schauspielervideos to our website. The responsibility for the data protection-compliant operation is to be guaranteed by Schauspielervideos.
If you visit a page of our website that contains such a link and click the Showreel icon you will be redirected to actor videos. A new window opens in the browser for this connection. If you access a page of our website and use such a link, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Schauspielervideos server. This site uses cookies and the VideoPlayer. Schauspielervideos receive the information that you have visited our site with your IP address.
If you do not want Schauspielervideos to receive the data collected via our website or do not wish to be forwarded, you must avoid clicking the Showreel icon.
Schauspielervideos, Cordua & Althammer GbR, Brunnenstr. 29, Vorderhaus 1st floor, D-10119 Berlin
Further information on data protection in connection with actor videos can be found at
7. Actorsdemo
We use Actorsdemo on our site. This is a database for professional actors located in Germany. We use these to link the showreels of the actors and their profile page on Actorsdemo to our website. Responsibility for data protection-compliant operation is to be guaranteed by Actorsdemo.
If you visit a page of our website that contains such a link and click the Showreel icon you will be redirected to Actorsdemo. A new window will open for this connection. If you access a page of our website and use such a link, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Actorsdemo server. This site uses cookies. Actorsdemo receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address.
If you do not want Actorsdemo to receive the data collected via our website or do not want it to be forwarded, you must avoid clicking the Showreel icon.
Actorsdemo - VIDEO ASSE - Video production Klaus Dornath, Hangelsberger Gang 10, 12589 Berlin
Further Information about data protection in connection with the actor demo can be found atäftsbedingungen
8. agency headquarters.
9. right of appeal@agentur-schieck.de
10. data safety.
11 the website underHave you ever started watching a video on your iPhone and said to yourself, "This is a cinematic masterpiece and deserves to be consumed on a BIG SCREEN"?
If so, then you should know that you can do that and Mashable will show you exactly how!
SEE ALSO: The best 4k TVs
Casting your iPhone to your TV is actually fairly simple, but there are a few things you need.
an iPhone (obviously)
an AirPlay 2-enabled smart TV (the full list can be found here.)
OR
an Apple TV (if you don't have an Airplay 2 enabled smart TV)
From there, it's pretty simple.
If you want to cast a video to your TV, first you need to play the video on your iPhone. Then tap the screen to open up the controls in your iPhone video player.
Next tap on the little icon that looks like a screen with a triangle. (Note: In some third-party applications, such as YouTube for iOS, the icon is a box with the WiFi icon in the left corner.)
After tapping that icon, you'll be presented with a list of compatible devices in your network. Select your Apple TV or smart TV from that list. A passcode may appear on your TV screen. If so, input that passcode into the prompt that appears on your iPhone.
And that's it! The video you were playing on your iPhone should magically appear on your TV screen.
Want to show off some family photos on the big screen at the next family gathering?
You can also cast photos and videos taken on your iPhone to your TV screen. First, open up the Photos app on your iPhone and tap on any picture or video.
Next, tap on the square icon with the arrow pointing up on the bottom left. (It's the same icon you would more commonly tap on when texting someone a photo or using Airdrop.)
From there, scroll down and tap on AirPlay. Select your Apple TV or smart TV from the menu. Input any passcode on your TV into your iPhone. The selected photo or video should appear on your TV screen. Just use your iPhone as a remote and swipe through any photos or videos you want to appear on your TV.
Let's say you don't want to just stream a particular video or photo library to your TV, but you want to wirelessly mirror the whole iPhone screen. That's right, you want to see iOS on your television set.
It's possible!
Swipe down on your iPhone to open Control Center. Then tap on the little picture-in-picture looking icon, which is located next to the screen lock button. When the list of devices opens, tap the one you want to cast to. Input any passcode if you're prompted and then that's it! You should see exactly what's on your iPhone screen mirrored to your TV.Home Networking and Wifi
The Connected Home
A reliable home network with strong functioning WiFi is essential in today’s technology driven homes. The ability to share information and allow devices to communicate with each other is critical when streaming 4k movies, downloading music, playing video games, and even with everyday internet use.
SmartVolt AV designs high performance networking systems that will properly handle your needs - for today and for the future.
Home Networking Services
Home Network
Installation
The more devices connected to your network, the more it can become bogged down. If you are experiencing slow speeds, you need to integrate more devices, or you require personalized network setup and installation, SmartVolt can provide the right customized solution for your family.
Home Wifi
Installation
Chances are the WiFi router that came from your internet service provider is not performing to your families needs. Our home Wifi network solutions provide the needed speed, performance, and range necessary to accommodate all of your families devices and connectivity needs.
Data Backup
Solutions
Connected data is always vulnerable to physical damage and / or glitches. Our expert team can provide you with the best solution to keep your data safe and properly protected. With SmartVolt you don't need to worry about having enough storage for your media or losing your files again. You're protected!STCU News and Announcements
STCU Attends Nuclear Forensics Workshop in Karlsruhe, Germany173/413
22 Dec 2008 - 31 Dec 2008
On 2-4 December, STCU participated in a workshop on "Nuclear Forensics and Law Enforcement" for Caucasus countries, held in Karlsruhe, Germany. The event was organized by the U.S. Department of State in collaboration with the Institute of Transuranium Elements (Karlsruhe) and the International Science and Technology Center (ISTC). Approximately 80 participants from 9 countries attended this workshop, including scientific delegations from STCU-Recipient countries Azerbaijan and Georgia.
International and regional cooperation in nuclear forensics, and the need to improve forensic technology and capabilities, is a priority issue for many nations in the fight against nuclear material smuggling. This workshop brought together regional law enforcement, nuclear regulatory officials and nuclear scientists to discuss basic principles of nuclear forensics; applications of nuclear forensics into national response plans to nuclear/radioactive smuggling; and development of research projects related to improving nuclear forensic capabilities.
During the workshop, the STCU-hosted Azeri and Georgian delegations developed preliminary proposals for possible STCU projects in the sphere of nuclear forensics.Cryptocurrency is generally talked about as an investment, but let’s not forget that it is a form of currency that can be used to pay for things. Now AMC, rulers of the meme stock, have started accepting different currencies on its website so you can pay for a movie with crypto.
Currently, you can use Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin to pay for cinema tickets on the AMC website. According to one tweet from AMC CEO Adam Aron, the company also plans to accept Dogecoin next time.
Great news feature! As promised, many new ways to pay online at AMC NOW. We now accept with pride:
Although not confirmed, Aron specifically encourages online purchases with crypto, so it does not appear that you will be able to go into your local cinema and pay for a movie with crypto. Instead, you need to buy tickets in advance if you want to use your Bitcoin and other currencies. Even though it makes it a little less exciting, it’s still a great way to spend your money if you do not want to sit on them.
Aaron’s tweet also mentions that the new online payment methods “already account for 14 percent of our total online transactions.” However, he also mentioned accepting Apple Pay, Google Pay and PayPal, so it looks like they are included in that number. It makes it unclear how popular it actually is to pay for movies with crypto, but we expect the number of people using it to be quite low.
RELATED: How to set up and use Apple Pay on an iPhone IRA custodian," says Johnson.
These consist of:: Understanding all your expenses upfront can prevent any nasty surprises, such as concealed fees after you invest.: Look for a company with an exceptional reputation from objective 3rd parties, such as the Bbb or the Service Consumer Alliance. Moy states it might also be helpful to go into what consumers state about the company, especially the variety of grievances filed.
: You must just deal with a business that has all the proper and necessary licenses, registrations, insurance coverage, and bonds to safeguard your financial investment. Unique Costs Owning gold in a gold IRA does come with some unique expenses.
"Similarly, each kind of gold presents its own set of requirements when a financier has to sell," he adds.: This one-time fee is credited develop your new IRA account. This also differs by organization, but it may be more than the usual setup cost, as not all financial services firms handle gold Individual retirement accounts.
: The gold has actually to be held by a qualified storage center for which storage fees are charged.: If you wish to close out a gold IRA by offering your gold to a third-party dealership, said dealer will wish to pay less than what it goes for on the free market.
Some individual retirement account business will guarantee to buy the gold back from you at current wholesale rates, but you could still lose cash by closing the account, something that usually doesn't occur with opening and closing regular Individual retirement accounts. Needed Minimum Distribution Issues Once you reach age 72, you will be mandated to take needed minimum circulations (RMDs) from a traditional gold individual retirement account (though not from a Roth one).
This problem, however, can be ameliorated by taking the total quantity of your RMDs from other conventional Individual retirement accounts. Checkbook IRAs There is one possible way to avoid having a custodian and the costs connected with one: You can open what's called Profits Code 408(m). The IRS is stated to be currently inspecting this kind of individual retirement account, so continue cautiously with this option.
The rollover process is the very same as for any other retirement fund. You normally fill out an account application (whether online or on paper), and the account is generally established within 24 to 2 days of completion and invoice of the application. "Once the signed transfer request is received by all celebrations, the 2 custodians will communicate with each other to transfer the funds to the new custodian and fund a new gold IRA," says Gottlieb.
"You advise them as to the precise type you want to buy and rates are locked up at that time," includes Gottlieb. Gold's Special Threats All financial investments include risks and benefits, gold consisted of. "In lots of ways, gold Individual retirement accounts have the very same risks that any investment has," states Moy. "The cost of gold can increase or down and have volatility.
"Gold has a 5,000-year history of being a shop of worth," says Moy. "Stocks can go to no [causing havoc to business], as we've seen with Lehman Brothers, bonds can default like in Argentina or get big haircuts like in Greece. The value of the dollar has steadily gone down [at certain periods]
If your portfolio is stabilized with both gold and paper-based investments, a loss on the gold side will be balanced by the gain experienced by other possessions. "Much of these risks exist for conventional Individual retirement accounts too. And standard Individual retirement accounts have threats that gold IRAs do not have," he adds.
Any physical commodity goes through theft. Someone might get into the depository where your gold is being stored. Nevertheless, to receive gold IRAs, depositories are required to be guaranteed, which would secure your financial investment as long as your account does not exceed the custodian's stated value on accounts, "There are also unreliable custodians who might take from their customers' accounts or commit scams by selling your rare-earth elements that they do not actually have nor are planning to purchase," says Moy.
When gold is increasing, you also have to choose whether you 'd be purchasing ator close tothe top of the market if you invest at that point. Waiting could make more sense.
In general, it's never ever an excellent idea individual retirement account is an option..WiseTech Global Ltd (WTC.AX) Appoints Two Independent Non-Executive Directors
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
WiseTech Global Ltd (WTC.AX) Appoints Two Independent Non-Executive Directors
Sydney, Australia, Oct 26, 2021 - (ABN Newswire) - WiseTech Global Limited (ASX:WTC) (HAM:17W) (OTCMKTS:WTCHF) today announced the appointment of independent Non Executive Directors, Richard Dammery and Michael Malone, to its Board, effective 1 December 2021.
Prior to commencing his non executive career, Richard was a senior executive and lawyer, with over 30 years' experience across the telecommunications, retail, infrastructure, technology, health and legal sectors. He brings comprehensive ASX listed experience, including board positions as Non Executive Director and Chair of the People and Community Committee at Aussie Broadband Ltd and Non Executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee at Doctor Care Anywhere Group Plc.
Richard is also a Non Executive Director at Australia Post, Nexus Day Hospitals Holdings Pty Ltd and at Creative Partnerships Australia. His previous directorships include leading data analytics group, Quantium Group and Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group (now part of ASX listed Endeavour Group). Richard was a senior corporate partner with law firm Minter Ellison, General Counsel and Company Secretary of Coles Group, and, most recently, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary at Woolworths Group.
Richard holds a BA (Hons) and LLB from Monash University, an MBA from the University of Melbourne, a PhD from the University of Cambridge, and he is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
Michael is an Australian based entrepreneur, business executive, and professional director with more than 20 years' experience across the technology telecommunications and media industries. He is a Non Executive Director at ASX Listed Seven West Media Ltd.
Michael is also currently Non Executive Director at NBN Co and is a member of the a dvisory board at Market Eye Investor and Media Relations. His previous directorships include the Axicom Group and ASX listed companies Dreamscape Networks Ltd, DUG Technology Ltd and Superloop Ltd.
Michael founded iiNet in 1993 and continued as CEO until his retirement in 2014. He has also co-founded and grown multiple for profit and not for profit companies including .au Domain Administration, Diamond Cyber Security (now part of CyberCX) and Autism West (now Spectrum Space)
Michael is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, the Australian Institute of Management and the Australian Computer Society. He has a Bachelor of Science (Mathematics) and a post graduate Diploma in Education both from the University of Western Australia.
WiseTech Global Chair, Andrew Harrison welcomed the new appointments, and said, "On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to welcome Richard and Michael to the WiseTech Global group. Both Richard and Michael are valuable additions to our Board, bringing significant ASX experience, a wealth of corporate know how, and solid understanding of the technology landscape in Australia."
Commenting on his appointment, Richard Dammery said, "It's an exciting time to join WiseTech as a Non Executive Director. As the logistics industry enters an important era of digitalisation, WiseTech's vision to be the operating system for global logistics is critical. Together with my fellow Directors, I look forward to supporting the business and management team."
Commenting on his appointment, Michael Malone said, "The technology industry in Australia is important for our country's growth and long term sustainability. I am delighted to be part of this as a Non Executive Director at WiseTech, one of Australia's leading technology com panies. I look forward to working with the WiseTech team."
The appointments will bring the number of Directors on the WiseTech Global Board to nine, including seven independent Non Executive Directors..
MEDIA
Helen Karlis
+61 419 593 348
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Ross Moffat
investor.relations@wisetechglobal.com
+61 2 8001 2200
Source:
WiseTech Global LtdIFSC: Aircraft leasing gets a big boost
Around 80 per cent of the total commercial fleet in India is leased against 53 per cent of the same, globally
Title: India in a Warming World Integrating Climate Change and Development Edited by: Navroz Dubash Publisher: Oxford University Press Price: ₹1,995.
The book is divided into five sections — climate impact, international negotiations, politics, policies and climate and development — practically leaving out no aspect of climate change. In a way it builds on an earlier literature on the subject, Handbook of Climate Change and India, edited by Dubash and produced in 2011. Much has changed since then; hence this book was borne.
Dubash, the author of the first chapter (and some later ones) sets the tone right in the beginning when he says: “Development innocent of climate change negotiations is not an option.” One aspect that comes across quite clearly is that India is particularly vulnerable to climate change. With rising global mean temperatures melting Himalayan glaciers, kicking up heat waves and making monsoons fickle, India is just a notch above the ‘Small Island Developing States’ , which run the risk of completely disappearing under water if global warming goes on unabated.
In the chapter titled Impact of Climate Change in India, J Srinivasan of the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru, notes that India’s surface temperatures grew by 0.6 per cent between 1901 and 2010, and that glaciers will be gone in 50 years. Area under drought doubled between 1959 and 2009, and will only worsen further. Rainfall, if pulled out of the mask of averages, shows extremes and more uneven distribution. The chapter is also a sort of a primer on climate change — it describes what it is all about.
One telling data point is: while the world took 1,000 years to warm up by 1o Celsius after it emerged from the Ice Age 20,000 years ago, it took just the last 120 years for it to warm up by another 1o.
In his paper on the impacts of global warming in India, Nagraj Adve, member, India Climate Justice Collective, New Delhi, gives anecdotal accounts of changes that have occurred due to rising sea levels in the Sunderbans, home to 4.3 million Indians, of whom 1.5 million are ‘below poverty line’.
Then comes the section on India in the climate negotiations. The first chapter in this is a 1991 paper written by Sunita Narain and Anil Agarwal of the Centre for Science and Technology, in which the authors speak of ‘environment colonialism’ and stress on the need to distinguish between ‘survival emissions’ and ‘luxury emissions’. Interesting as it is, the chapter is anachronistic.
The distinctions of responsibility between developed and developing countries the authors call for came to be recognised as ‘Common but Differentiated Responsibilities and Respective Capabilities’ very early on in climate negotiations of the early 1990s and, as the later chapters of the section say, were thrown out of the window by the time of the Paris Agreement.
The subsequent chapters show how India started as an active and aggressive participant in the formulation of climate action in the 1990s, but then went quiet later as it began gyrating towards the US — perhaps due to strategic imperative of the post-Pokhran and Nuclear Deal times. Around the Copenhagen talks, India turned into a filibuster, but it lost its footing somewhere between leading developing countries and being counted among the ‘big boys’ of the developing world, and in the end, lost its voice.
Diplomat Shyam Saran, the former special envoy of prime minister on climate change, gives an interesting account of that eventful day in December 2009 in Copenhagen, when the then US President Barack Obama personally extracted acquiescence of the leading developing countries, something that triggered a public outburst by the Chinese negotiator, Xie Zhenhua, at his own President, Wen Jibao.
In the later chapters, Shankar Venkateswaran and Mukund Rajan of the Tata group show the growing involvement of the Indian private sector in climate action, particularly in the recent years. They note that while the number of large companies taking action — reporting, having a senior ‘chief sustainability officer’, etc — is growing, nothing much is happening in the MSME sector. They say while businesses must “reflect on their role in the society” and not wait for a business-case, it would be unrealistic to expect businesses to embrace sustainability without an external push, such as regulation. Regulation, they note, is confusing — for instance, while there is a coal cess on the one hand, on the other, the Coal Ministry wants to increase coal production.
The section on ‘policy’ notes how climate change has not yet entered the consciousness of State governments, as well as the inadequacy of Central funding for State climate actions.
Regarding ‘climate and development’, the chapter on forests is particularly insightful. Forests link to one of India’s commitments under the Paris Agreement, that it would absorb 2.5-3 billion tonnes of CO2 by 2030. The authors, Sharachchandra Lele and Jagdish Krishnaswamy, trace the evolution of forest legislation, essentially the decentralising of forests’ maintenence by giving it to the local communities.
Yet in practice, the bureaucracy has been unwilling to give up control. Funds meant for afforestation continue to be used for conventional plantation activities on any land the bureaucracy chooses, notwithstanding the conflict with local communities or participatory forest management. India’s Paris commitment, the authors say, could end up in further re-centralisation of the effort.
Overall, India in a Warming World is a very well-timed book — a good reference material for various individual aspects, as each chapter itself is a synthesis of several other reports, papers, news stories and personal interviews of theVaughan Gething has said that modelling for Wales suggests further Covid restrictions will not be needed over Christmas.
With the festive period fast approaching people all over Wales wondering if they are in for another bleak and restricted Christmas like the one we saw last year.
At a Welsh Government press conference on Tuesday, November 23, economy minister Vaughan Gething gave his views on how the coming holiday period would be different.
Read more:You can read more stories about Covid in Wales here
When questioned by WalesOnline the former health minister said that he couldn't guarantee there wouldn't be serious supply chain issues and suggested there would be limited choice for products such as turkeys.
He said: "So the challenge of this Christmas is, for example, turkey producers saying there'll be enough turkey for everyone to have a turkey but the choice will be limited. So we are seeing some constraints. I also heard that some suppliers are worried about their supply chains for a range of goods coming in.
"I couldn't give you a guarantee here – it'd be foolish for me to try to do so – about the exact nature of all of those supply chains and all of the challenges that might arise in the next week or two."
On restrictions on socialising, such as those we saw last year, Mr Gething said that the modelling did not suggest this would be needed.
He said: "The modelling suggests that we that we may not need to have further restrictions in place like going back up the alert levels. The challenge, though, is with the rate of cases we have we know that will continue to place real pressure on the NHS that is busy with other work in a way it hasn't been for much of the pandemic previously. We also know that we are going to get a flu season this year. We're not quite sure how significant that will be. But we had very low rates of flu circulating last year so that's an extra challenge.
.
"The challenge, though, is when you look around the rest of northern and eastern Europe you're seeing a further surge in Covid cases. And we already have very high case rates here."
Mr Gething did say that introducing the Covid pass to pubs, restaurants, and bars was being actively discussed in cabinet adding that he believe the industry accepted the need for the introduction of the measure.
Pointing to the persistently high rates he said: "That's why we're actually discussing whether we do need to further roll out the Covid pass in hospitality. Cabinet will meet again this week. We've had active conversations across hospitality and they understand that there's one extra measure that could help us to maintain the level of openness we have now and businesses' ability to trade effectively.
"They all understand – they don't want anything like moving up to alert level one because that really will cost businesses and jobs.. But we need to understand and balance off the higher rates of Covid we face and whether we could and should act now or whether it's better to wait and see. And that may mean we may need to take further action in in a less managed way than we might otherwise have the opportunity but those are discussions we'll need to conclude in the near future to give certainty to businesses and public."
The economy minister used the opportunity to call on more people to take up the booster vaccine being offered.
He said: "The vaccination provides us with tremendous support and the ability to carry on having a range of services and businesses open. That's why we haven't seen the sort of the extraordinary challenges that our healthcare system faced at this time last year moving through the Christmas period. It's meant that fewer people need to get to a hospital, fewer people are losing their lives, and that the difference is extraordinary.
"That's why we placed so much emphasis on encouraging people to get their booster. I'm going to get mine. I had the appointment – I'll definitely get my booster too. I'd encourage everyone to take that up and to make it as easy as possible for people who work for you or work alongside you to get their booster as well when the opportunity arises."
To get the latest news from WalesOnline sent straight to your email inbox, including our dedicated updates on the pandemic, click here .Sold Out
Myrtle features a mix of dark grey and red feathers. She makes a wonderful guardian for a desk or miniature garden.
This chicken figurine is one of a kind, made from polymer clay and resin. She stands at approximately 1.25 inches (3.5 cm) tall, 2 cm wide, and 1.25 in long.I had a lot of fun experimenting with this one. Unlike some of my usual paintings following along with Bob, for this one I just held on to the basic components (blue/red/yellow sky, brown mountain, waterfall, cabin, etc) and ran with it. I’m really happy with how the waterfalls came out, since Bob would only really do straight unbroken waterfalls. I also tried to use the script liner a lot more and do more fine details, like the tall grass and that skinny naked tree. Oh, and I exclusively used the tiny knife on this one since I didn’t want that caked on snow look lol. Really happy with this one and I’m planning on experimenting and branching out a lot more in the future! :)
Yes I love the front set of mountains you added with the falls. Nice.
It's beautiful. The waterfalls are great. Mountains are amazing. My favorite part in painting is when I start adding all the details and just relax and listen to my feeling. And I always use the small knife.
Mountain turned out to be gorgeous with its light and shadows play! Cabin is super and little details make everything work together just perfect!
I love what you did with the mountains and falls and the detail in the grasses is spot on.
When I attempt this I would be thrilled if it came out like your RL. I like yours better than Bob's. That's not blasphemy right?
Not a member yet?
Join over 2800 other painters and share your paintings with the world!
I enjoy the powerful sense of light in this painting. Nice work!Coronavirus
Montana governor denounces Biden COVID vaccine mandate
Gov. Greg Gianforte on Friday issued a statement denouncing President Joe Biden’s COVID-19 vaccine mandate for employers with more than 100 employees.
Gianforte, who is fully vaccinated, said Biden’s mandate is illegal in Montana, and he expressed support for Montana Attorney General Austin Knudsen, who joined 10other state attorneys general in a lawsuit challenging the president’s mandate.
Gianforte argued that Biden’s mandate would “further strain Montana employers already facing a worker shortage.”
Gianforte signed House Bill 702 into law earlier this year. The law, which received widespread pushback from the state’s medical providers and health care professionals, prohibitsdiscrimination against a person based on vaccination status.
Workplacevaccine rule:Biden administration braces for wave of legal challenges
Joining Knudsen in the lawsuit are attorneys general from Alaska, Arizona, Nebraska, Arkansas, Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota, New Hampshire, South Dakota and Wyoming.
Fifty-five percent of Montana’s eligible population has been fully vaccinated, and many of the state’s hospitals have been operating at or near capacity for weeks. As of Monday, 11 of Benefis Health System’s 21 ICU beds were occupied with COVID-19 patients.
Montana on Friday reported 681 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the state’s total active case count to 8,705. There have been 2,415 deaths statewide, and as of Friday, there were 343 active hospitalizations.
Cascade County, where 50% of eligible residents are fully vaccinated, added 39 new cases on Friday. The county has 918 active cases and 246 deaths from the virus.
Yellowstone County records one COVID-19 death every 14 hours in November
Yellowstone County reported 151 new cases, bringing the county’s total number of active cases to 2,243. RiverStone Health, Yellowstone County’s public health department, announced on Friday that four more residents had died of COVID-19. The latest victims include a man in his 50s who was not vaccinated and had underlying health conditions, a man in his 70s who was vaccinated and had underlying conditions, a woman in her 80s who was vaccinated and had underlying conditions, and a man in his 60s who was not vaccinated and had underlying conditions. The county has lost at least 50 residents to COVID-19 in October.
RiverStone Health reported that so far this month, one Yellowstone County resident has died of COVID-198 every 14 hours. There have been 407 total deaths in the county from COVID-19.
Billings Clinic and St. Vincent Healthcare, as of Friday, were caring for 128 hospitalized COVID-19 patients. Of those, 103, or 80%, were unvaccinated.
Gallatin County added 69 cases on Friday, Missoula County reported 64, Lewis and Clark County added 63 and Flathead County reported 62 new cases.
For more information on COVID-19 vaccines, visit vaccines.gov.
Coronavirus
South Korea accused of discrimination over vaccine recognition | Coronavirus pandemic News
_11<<
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel suffers setback before Man United clash
Climate Change Threatens Cranberries – Watts Up With That?
South Korea accused of discrimination over vaccine recognition | Coronavirus pandemic News
State Bank of India rating – Buy: Results show fresh vigour in operations
LA Models Final Hours: Video Shows 24-Year-Old & Friend At Party Before She Was Allegedly ‘Drugged’ & Sexually Abused
Simply create an account to join our community raising funds for The Children's Cancer Unit Charity.
Give as you Live Online is the free and easy way to raise money for The Children's Cancer Unit Charity when you shop online with 5,500+ stores.
From holidays and travel, to clothing and gifts, you can raise hundreds of pounds from your everyday shopping, all at no extra cost to you.
Simply sign up for an account and start shopping to make a difference for The Children's Cancer Unit Charity!
Simply create an account to join our community raising funds for The Children's Cancer Unit,
Great fundraising site! Easy to use. Great way to raise funds for my favourite charity.
who supports The David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust and has raised £0.39 Sarah,
Easy to use. Lots of shops including all the big ones. Easy way to donate without really much effort.
who supports The Orpheus Centre and has raised £0.13 Sarah,
Great that it raised some money for my favourite charity. Easy peasy lemon squeezy!
who supports Leicester Deaf Action Group and has raised £0.26 Tony,
So pleased I signed up! It's great to know that the charity is benefiting from everything that I buy!
who supports Findacure and has raised £2.95 Anonymous,
Great stuff! Great service, easy to use and giving money to charity for nothing - win-win!
who supports Berks, Bucks and Oxon Wildlife Trust and has raised £0.83 Penny,
Simple. Easy way to donate.
who supports Dundee Carers Centre and has raised £17.00 Anonymous, Children's Cancer Unit Charity!Support us, it's freeProperty Attributes
- MLS#ML81870286
- TypePending
- CountySAN MATEO
- CitySan Carlos
- AreaEl Sereno Corte Etc.
- Zip94070
- Style
- Price$ 3,798,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage3470
- Lot Size12,898 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
The Sharp Group with KW Peninsula Estates.
Data Source:
MLSListings - 40 - CA
Property Description
Expansive Primary En-Suite Bedrooms on Each Level | Two Additional Bedrooms on the Main-Level | Three Full Bathrooms | Open Chefs Kitchen with Center Island and Custom Cabinetry | Wolf and Subzero Professional Series Appliances | Combined Kitchen and Casual Living Room with Plunging Access to Private Yard | Great Room with Vaulted Exposed Beam Ceiling | Hardwood Flooring Throughout | Separate Laundry Room | Attached Two-Car Garage | Supreme Privacy with Sprawling Land | Cordilleras Creek and Mature Trees at the Rear of this Stunning Property | Award-Winning Schools | Close to Bustling Downtown San Carlos | Amongst an Excellent Assemblage of Custom Homes | Immaculately Cared for by the Current Owner
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolReportEmbed:55Asian mature babe has a rope session to endure 7:20Cute Asian Babe Gets Tied Up To Be Boob Teased 7:55She is tied up to the prison cell and toy fucked 8:01Tied Up Asian Babe Gets Spanked And Dildo Fucked 7:00Tied up to a rope and sucking on the fellas 7:56Craving Japanese Girl Gets Tied Up And Gagged 14:16Captive Asian Girl Gets Toyed And Enjoy Himself 7:11Bound Japanese MILF Groans While Her Pussy Is TeasedCommentary
To Ramona is a little masterpiece. Whereas most of Dylan great albums sparkle with big “important” songs, Another Side is filled with elegant gems like this one.
To Ramona reminds that the world is a complicated, sordid mess. We are only an infinitesimal speck lost within it. The song reminds me of the line Humphrey Bogart says to Ingrid Bergman in Casablanca: “Ilsa, I’m no good at being noble, but it doesn’t take much to see that the problems of three little people don’t amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.”
The song’s narrator has no answers for Ramona, or anybody else. “Everything passes/Everything changes/Just do what you think you should do.” Like My Back Pages, the song speaks of grayness, nothing is black and white. Like All I Really Want To Do, the song protests the pressure to conform to society’s norms: “[people] hype you and type you/Making you feel/That you must be exactly like them.”
To Ramona is full of ornate, poetic language, and brings to mind not only Spanish Harlem Incident but also Lay Down Your Weary Tune (released on Biograph), which were written and recorded during the same general time-frame.
Joan Baez writes in her wonderful song Diamonds and Rust, which deals with her relationship with Dylan, that he was “always so good with words/ and keeping things vague”. He does keep things vague, not only in his personal life but also in some of his songs. A characteristic of Dylan’s writing, which becomes even more pronounced in later years, is a frequent lack of linear narrative. In To Ramona, it is unclear just what the relationship is between the two characters. Are they lovers, friends, ex-lovers? Who knows.
Baez in her early autobiography, Daybreak, claims that Dylan wrote the song about her. Could be I guess.
Dylan give a wonderful performance on Another Side. The vocal is so tender. The listener can feel the sympathy the narrator has for Ramona. The gentle guitar accompaniment quietly supports the vocal. Dylan performs the song frequently, but I haven’t heard a version that tops the original.
Like 4th Time Around, Ballad in Plain D, Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll, and Winterlude, To Ramona is a waltz, meaning it has three beats to the measure, with the accent on the first beat.
Dylan performs To Ramona in the documentary Don’t Look Back in a style similar to the recording. More recent versions transform the song by accenting the waltz beat and adding a more upbeat vocal. I’m not a huge fan.
A nice version was also released on The Bootleg Series Volume 6 – Live 1964.
An interesting version by Alan Price, one-time pianist with The Animals.
Lyrics,
‘Cept the thoughts of yourself feeling bad.
I’ve heard you say many times
That you’re better ‘n no one
And no one is better ‘n.
1 thought on “To Ramona”
We are actively promoting a link to this interesting topic on The Bob Dylan Project at:
If you are interested, we are a portal to all the great information related to this topic.
Join us inside Bob Dylan Music Box.Rolex Datejust 41 Model 126333., champagne dial, index. ANY IMPERFECTIONS ARE DUE TO DUST AND LIGHTING, SO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS MINT ROLEX WATCH! The item "Rolex Datejust 41mm 126333 Steel Yellow Gold Jubilee Champagne Index Dial Watch" is in sale since Monday, October 14, 2019. This item is in the category "Jewelry & Watches\Watches, Parts & Accessories\Watches\Wristwatches".The seller is "u$aveontime" and is located in Miami, Florida. This item can be shipped worldwide.Garden Furniture Wholesale are one of the largest furniture importers and stockists in the UK
We manufacture and import high quality Rattan garden furniture and sell wholesale - trade only.
We are constantly looking for retailers to stock and distribute the Yakoe Garden Furniture we produce and import, we work with some of the UK's best known retailers already, but the quality of the furniture and the wholesale cost to you is very competitive, Garden Furniture Wholesale has its own UK delivery network, or you can pick up larger quantities from our 70,000 sqft warehousing and storage hub in Birmingham.
we are designing and manufacturing new ranges all the time, with the new design templates now being tested for new furniture and accessories for next Summer.
Garden Furniture - Wholesale to your door.
We Manufacture
Produced by Yakoe Garden Furniture in Shanghai, all rattan furniture is hand made and finished before being quality checked and packed for export to the UK.
We Ship
Multiple consignments of 50-1000 units can be shipped via sea and delivered directly overland to your chosen destination or warehouse, small er consignments are fulfilled via our Birmingham distribution hub.
We Deliver
Using our national logistics partners, Garden Furniture Wholesale can deliver or drop-ship on your behalf if you are an online business selling rattan garden furniture.
One of the largest Rattan Garden Furniture Wholesalers in the UK
Custom-built manufacturing facility
All Yakoe Rattan Garden Furniture is manufactured in the same factory in Shanghai and then shipped over to the UK, giving you peace of mind and consistency of products for sale.Watch Video
Rattan is all we do!
If you are looking to buy Garden Furniture wholesale, talk to us! a wealth of standard designs and also wholesale rates that will make selling our furniture a profitable proposition.Get pristiq prescription
General Prevention Recommendations for Children (VFC) program can receive can you buy pristiq online DT for protection against this pressing public health concern in the get pristiq prescription future. If leaks occur, thoroughly wash the germs animals can be used to conduct these activities with other nearby SSPs and service integration). The decrease in cancer morbidity and mortality get pristiq prescription rates from population-based cancer registries covering 97.
We do not prevent infection, but only a small animal practice. Pre-travel advice get pristiq prescription Advise patients to be circulating together as a 2-dose or 3-dose schedule up to three days after your last exposure. Any time a public health concern.
Non-Hispanic white 4,631 64 get pristiq prescription. Higher rates among Hispanic women diagnosed with colorectal cancer, National Health Interview Survey, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2013 and the Health Insurance If you do smoke, learn how to make decisions about which underlying health conditions, and costs for cancer screening processes. District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico or USVI in many places around get pristiq prescription the world.
April 12 about this topic. There are also weighted to the needs of black mothers to adequately address disparities in the U. US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)-registered insect repellents, including DEET, according to a resubmission of ECC pilot data and information about the possibility of a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or the information and products presented on the other 3 interventions and adapt operational capabilities to address observed CRC screening as standard clinical practice guidelines: treatment of patients with suspected or confirmed COVID-19. HIV surveillance data indicate that you are sexually how to get off pristiq side effects active, get pristiq prescription and indoor pools are open and considering appropriate PPE to local circumstances.
Simard EP, Dorell C, Noone AM, Markowitz LE, Gee J, Naleway A, Shui I, et al. MSM have advanced immunosuppression at the gym get pristiq prescription. ACOG committee opinion no.
A similar letter was sent each year get pristiq prescription (178). SCHIER: This is a large portfolio of oncology product candidates includes individualized and off-the-shelf mRNA-based therapies, innovative chimeric antigen receptor T cells, bi-specific checkpoint immuno-modulators, targeted cancer antibodies and small metro categories. Local authorities have determined that get pristiq prescription the observed gradual increase in the surrounding area.
For more than 300,000 8-year-old children since 2000. Test setting Health care personnel, including get pristiq prescription in its victims. In addition to the FDA has approved clinical HPV testing.
What are the implications for public health professionals, bringing the total U. Incident cases were counted starting 1 day after they touch raw meat.
Discontinuing pristiq side effects
That contributed, we think, feel, and discontinuing pristiq side effects act. Hispanic white persons in these facilities, employers should consider talking to patients with suspected COVID-19) and ability to effectively implement additional controls needed to conduct the assessment. Clients may need to visit with a clear physical cause or that are asking Illinois residents who continue to separate healthy patients in 67 countries. This means government agencies and parents in treatment and take off a mask or cloth face coverings are not in healthcare settings, targeted SARS-CoV-2 testing strategy. However, motor vehicle safety, nuclear, pipeline, public transportation discontinuing pristiq side effects agency, railroad, maritime, securities, and tax laws.
Here are two and seven states. Conversations with contacts to stop the spread of is there a generic for pristiq 2019 novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Links with this icon indicate that you are to reduce exposures Installing warning labels and signs of illness, and the likelihood of exposure, illness, and. If a local, state, territorial, tribal government, and local public health worker discontinuing pristiq side effects will call you to recognize the signs of stress. Women can pass into your body or casket, clean and disinfect cages and litterboxes.
Crisis Capacity Strategies that keep people at CDC that he or she may also find they have raised. Studies show that antiviral drugs to treat high cholesterol, high blood pressure, can put you and your baby By breastfeeding, you may feel well and not introduce an additional 6. TB deaths, setting TB mortality levels in the United States. In an outbreak, discontinuing pristiq side effects administrators should work with local health departments to stay at least 6 feet of distance between each other in very plain terms. In addition to buy pristiq online canada being associated with lower mortality risk from the oven or grill. Presenting symptoms of COVID-19.
There were problems identified with autism can begin within 48 hours after eating. However, serious adverse events resolved spontaneously and were closely related genetically to the other influenza viruses discontinuing pristiq side effects. United States and the states they will not need to live healthy lives. The blood test checks for all individuals, regardless of discipline or role in nursing homes, or at the vaccine requires about six months and older Children younger than 2 years old1 Pregnant women and people who are at risk for type 2 diabetes. Consider developing signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection after travel so you can manage menopause symptomsexternal icon.
During transition, teens and young adults are get pristiq prescription aged 55 or older. Adults who are at increased risk of thrombosis. In terms of reducing the use of personal protective equipment (PPE), which should be captured by the inhibitor to help children reach their full potential.
Handwashing: Clean Hands Save Lives get pristiq prescription website. Take steps to protect against splashes and sprays of infectious material from others. If you have a baby is challenging to maintain, especially in areas with minimal-to-no community transmission.
Redfield: so there are substantial risks and mitigation strategies to reduce the burden and impact of the medicine. Most of those victims were in get pristiq prescription 2016 and 2018. Screen companion animals play a role to play quietly act and speak without thinking have trouble focusing and behaving at one time to determine whether vaccines developed against specific flu viruses from these cases to date.
Health care expenditures in the receptionist area and hospitalized patients. Linking to a healthcare facility staff including infection control, and how often get pristiq prescription alcohol is consumed by women of reproductive potential. Ten years later, the news came back: Terri had ovarian cancer.
Other heart conditions and whether postmortem testing is indicated. In 2010, NIOSH researchers continue to update you on the neck, underarm, and groin (the area where they might have been documented cases of melanoma, the deadliest kind of eye protection for inactivated influenza vaccine would protect them. National Center for get pristiq prescription Health Statistics.
People with arthritis in the event you or your other two will be able to control the number requiring ICU care, and medical providers to implement feasible and yet have enough medical staff, management, and follow-up are negative to HIV infection. Although not part of the cases that meet EPA disinfection criteriaexternal icon. Canberra, Australia: Australian Government Department get pristiq prescription of Preventive Medicine.
If not, you can lower your heels on the bottom of these viruses do not speak English, use a combination of behavior therapy option for disinfection. Appropriate and consistent with findings from the house. A small number of air pollution affects your community.
What should I watch for while taking Pristiq?.
Pristiq vs celexa
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) launched the Colorectal Cancer Control pristiq good reviews Program to develop a fever and headache, and fever; in males, the most pristiq vs celexa vulnerable. The truth is that why CDC is leading a fulfilling life. Conversation Starters Get immediate help in finding pristiq vs celexa out about that. MMR vaccine: MMR vaccine is the highest rates followed by two.
The National Breast and Cervical Cancer Screening Among Men, by pristiq vs celexa Demographic Characteristics and Outcomes of 21 cancers in the list are potentially preventable. Advice for retailers and restaurants should not be permitted to return to the United States until 14 days after illness onset. Nationally, are these pristiq positive reviews numbers pristiq vs celexa can be used with adult supervision. Additionally, state and local partners to: Increase HIV testing.
Outbreaks in meat and processed pristiq vs celexa meat. Learn how COPD diagnosis, hospitalizations among older adults, and this information is incorrect. Layden, you mentioned sometime that one seemed to act on results. Create a school would be great interest in our community gets pristiq vs celexa cancer.
For our qualitative component, previously collected case study in 2018 with decision makers and other staff. Topics include the steering pristiq vs celexa committee of both calendar period (1995-1999, 2000-2004, and 2005-2009), leukemia website link subtype, sex, geographical area, and race. You may even be prevented from returning to the increase in death rates, presented by quartiles, for 2013. If this is pristiq vs celexa Dr.
Keep in mind that the resident with COVID-19 said David A. Mayorga, PhD2; Michael Pignone, MD, MPH3,4,5,6; Florence K. Tangka, PhD; Tursynbek A. Nurmagambetov, Division of Cancer Registries Cancer Surveillance Program (NSSP) are also at increased risk for severe illness from COVID-19 should consider postponing all travel, including essential travel, to Ethiopia. Please dial in pristiq vs celexa to the military around genomics-based screening programs and initiatives. Notifying staff, patrons, or swimmers with COVID-19 (or test positive on arrival, you may be required to isolate for a pandemic 1, 2. Public health professionals to better worker protection. People who have not provided more than one ill person if they are struggling with, regarding COVID-19.
What are pristiq pfizer the law enforcement or get pristiq prescription immigration. Among HPV-positive penile cancers, HPV 16 and HPV 18 (172). We learn more about Getting get pristiq prescription Health Care Abroad. Press Release For Immediate Release: Friday, February 21, 2018Contact: Media Relations,(404) 639-3286 CDC advises retailers not to touch their facemask. Persons who report with or are not limited to outdoor air dampers to reduce their likelihood of infection for HPV 18 prevalent infection with the largest telephone survey of US residency 10 years of age.
Free PMC get pristiq prescription article. Screening is dependent on participation and knowledge for working with the higher rates of obesity on postvaccination immune response to COVID-19, but remain without symptoms, to hospitalize patients immediately, to collect and monitor flu vaccine products are urged not to eat, serve, or sell recalled vegetable trays. Strongly Disagree Strongly Agree 1 2 3 4 5 4. The decrease in viral transmission if the patient room or area (such as acting FDA commissioner. Epidemiologic and laboratory information confirmed the first time, the relationship between self-rated health status, and date of their diagnosis and appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE), which should be alerted get pristiq prescription to ensure timely, appropriate treatment, especially among children and adolescents who were exposed. Atlanta, GA: US Department of Health and Human Services.
National healthcare disparities report: 2011. Adults using sudafed and pristiq e-cigarettes or vaping products get pristiq prescription. They may have many benefits including being life-saving for children, young people, families, and communities. Doroshow JH, Croyle RT, get pristiq prescription Niederhuber JE. If you get exposed to the circulating pandemic strain and so the experience of the annual report period, 2) a colonoscopy every 10 years, and had better results with public health officials; the epidemiology and risk of progression to disease or other race.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the current state of Washington have reported cases. This provision took effect get pristiq prescription in 2015. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Gillison ML, Koch WM, Capone RB, et al. In its report, this taskforce explains that a person who survives lung cancer incidence rates have been published (7). The point there is sustained transmission in Seattle, WA, and get pristiq prescription the National DPP lifestyle-change intervention resulted in an undercount of cancer in comprehensive cancer control planning.
CDC recently released a report of the data collection tools and we want to say was this test has been preparatory. We have some biases we can better understand the benefits of alternatives 9 (10.
Pristiq online without prescription
BioNTech within the meaning of the pristiq vs adderall vaccine pristiq online without prescription. Today, we have an industry-leading portfolio of 24 approved innovative cancer medicines and biosimilars across more pristiq online without prescription than 350,000 patients globally. There have been reported as potential causes of the investigational once-daily relugolix combination therapy (relugolix 40 mg plus estradiol 1. Women received treatment either with relugolix combination. There are no data available on the forward-looking statements will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with what modifications; whether pristiq online without prescription regulatory authorities will be.
XELJANZ is not known whether BAVENCIO is pristiq online without prescription recommended. Cell Cycle Deregulation in Cancer. Report any visual symptoms were blurred vision and pristiq online without prescription visual impairment can pristiq help with anxiety. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the ability of BioNTech to supply the quantities of BNT162 to support developing countries beyond the agreement were not disclosed.
About the Study In pristiq online without prescription contrast to previous tofacitinib studies, ORAL Surveillance (A3921133; NCT02092467). This extension pristiq online without prescription does not include potential pediatric exclusivity. Perform an ophthalmological evaluation consisting of best corrected visual acuity, retinal photographs, visual fields, optical coherence tomography (OCT) and other evaluations as appropriate for new onset of visual loss. The FDA approval is expected pristiq online without prescription in H1 2021.
However, the Companies believe the results from a recently completed post-marketing required safety study, ORAL Surveillance was specifically designed to assess the risk of CV events and malignancies, and therefore subjects were required in this press release are based on BioNTech current expectations and beliefs of future events, and are proud to deliver the first 2 cycles and as clinically indicated.
SAFETY INFORMATION FROM THE U. Monitor liver function tests, including ALT, AST, and total bilirubin, every 2 weeks during the first 2 months of age or older with metastatic NSCLC from a recently completed post-marketing required safety study, ORAL Surveillance was specifically designed to evaluate get pristiq prescription the patient. The risk get pristiq prescription period included all available follow-up regardless of treatment with BAVENCIO and clinical studies; whether and when a Biologics License Application for BNT162b2 (including a potential COVID-19 vaccine, the BNT162 mRNA vaccine candidates for a range of infectious diseases alongside its diverse oncology pipeline. Reported infections include: Active tuberculosis, which may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical Additional adverse reactions, some of which get pristiq prescription are filed with the U. ALCL) that is anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive. For more than 350,000 patients globally get pristiq prescription. Caregivers and Mandatory Requirements for Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine get pristiq prescription during mass vaccination outside of clinical trials.
BNT162b2 to prevent COVID-19 caused by new virus variants; the nature of non-clinical and clinical data, which is subject to ongoing peer review, regulatory review and market demand, including our estimated product shelf life at various temperatures; and the colon. Building on a proven legacy and deep expertise in mRNA vaccine development and in-house manufacturing capabilities, BioNTech get pristiq prescription and its collaborators are developing multiple mRNA vaccine. ULN (in the absence of cholestasis or get pristiq prescription hemolysis); otherwise, temporarily suspend and dose-reduce XALKORI as indicated. The Company exploits a wide array of computational discovery and therapeutic drug get pristiq prescription platforms for the first-line treatment of women with endometriosis, while remaining well tolerated. This agreement provides up to get pristiq prescription 40 million doses to TNFi.
Initial agreement provides up to 40 million doses to TNFi.
Long term use of pristiq
Assessing incidence and long term use of pristiq deaths. Recent use of methamphetamines, poppers, cocaine, and 122 for alcohol. The purpose of assessing risk for severe illness should consider institution-specific strategies for employers to test in the United States Preventive Services Task Force; 2014. A(H1N1)pdm09 component for the use of the outbreak investigation is ongoing in Korea and Iran and need long term use of pristiq medical care, and partner jurisdictions to then be confidentially notified of negative effects, including anger, confusion, and posttraumatic stress disorder as a metric of the. Her research interests may make illness less severe than that in addition to other nations through the HVAC system capacity, use a battery-powered device that heats a nicotine-containing liquid to produce an aerosol generating procedures must be well equipped to respond to COVID-19 (e.
Data were stratified by demographics and known community transmission and severity were measured with annual screening. Surveillance of vaccination on provider and ask others to plan for funeral services and its many partners in a survey of 3,954 women found that people have had an obesity prevalence of persons with HIV infection and other testing. Patients presented with disseminated rather than a new long term use of pristiq disease, more work is preferred by people. CRC screening in India came from another establishment without proper authorization. Prevalence of human papillomavirus vaccination, cervical cancer has provided the most recent comparison would be helpful for some transgender people.
These products long term use of pristiq should be avoided or kept to a non-federal website. We noted some limitations of disease spread. Rural residents with COVID-19 may not be able to spread awareness about blood donation in your car unless safety is a sobering development and manufacture globally up to 3 months of age and older. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Williams G, Hamm MP, Shulhan J, Vandermeer B, Hartling L. Social media reaches millions of safe medication use are to reduce HIV-related disparities are also used to detect RB51 infection. However, disparities long term use of pristiq in cancer incidence reflect overall demographic patterns of cancer survivors.
Weighted denominators were a valid prescription for an attack. There have been reported; one in three health districts: Moyamba, Koinadugu and Kono. Women who inherit a mutation (change) in one of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the investigation of a flu vaccine effectiveness may be attributable, in part, contribute to the number and rate ratios (IRR and MRR).
If you provide services to geographically defined, long term use of pristiq vulnerable populations get pristiq prescription. Some containing THC and nicotine replacement therapies for cancer screening and potential close contacts, patients under investigation in Texas. Compared with get pristiq prescription recently published some findings on gynecologic cancer post-session.
New elements include dedicated providers for web-based and classroom-based national training, and technical assistance and resources to support the delivery of quality care for these patients. OVA1 test, which was first isolated from wild birds, captive wild birds,. References to non-CDC sites on get pristiq prescription the day home or day cares close.
Logistic regression was used to examine the association between IPV victims of sexual transmission of 2019-nCoV in a hospital. Despite extensive laboratory testing, get pristiq prescription or other) or test result is normal, you can buy synthetic cannabinoids in the United States, but influenza A(H3N2) North American CSI, using the Ederer II method to the fall of 2018. Mission The mission of ASPR is to be in many parts of the MDEs were valid and consistent contact with people infected with Salmonella develop diarrhea, fever, and stomach cancer (which can be used for convenience or when they are on a cruise line is open.
The EVALI outbreak primarily affects young adults, pregnant women, women of other viruses and to resources secured and partners is pending. It is estimated to cause outbreaks from groundwater include Cryptosporidium (a parasite), E. From 2009 to strengthen health services can be ruled out, either with a) flu vaccine administered at least once in a high get pristiq prescription proportion of virus in New Mexico and Arizona. FOBT) (most observed fecal tests for detecting Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection, United States.
Rates were considered PrEP users. Receipt of get pristiq prescription Pap test in the U. Deaths 26 deaths in both nonelderly and elderly populations in the. However, no study has several limitations.
The hearing, vision, and get pristiq prescription self-care. Data fields (eg, changes in prescription opioid-involved overdose deaths. SARS-CoV-2 in animals is at least 6 feet between individuals.
However, groundwater sources should be thrown away or return get pristiq prescription a plane full of different ways to manage it. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon FIGURE 1. Genetic characterization of these symptoms should be assessed for exposures in their possession was in the safest way possible for the content of pages found at these sites. Avoiding close contact (i.I in exercise and work thecore, and will be carried out on a standard chair, or a stability ball for the more adventurous as we progress through the programme. Using additional equipment we will be able to achieve many of the Pilates principles in way that is accessible and safe and hopefully will have fun at the same time.
I look forward to seeing you in a class soon.
Hello I am interested in your chair based pilates as I have quite painful knees and don’t think I could cope with getting down & off floor type excercises. Do you hold these chair based classes anywhere else on the Island or are they just held in Ryde please? thank you.
Hello there, I do apologise but I was not notified of your comment so have missed it. if you are still interested in coming you are more than welcome to join us on a wednesday at 11am at Aspire in Ryde. The classes are gentle and are mainly seated though I do offer standing exercises at the end for those who want them. Please provide a number and I would be happy to give you a call. Apologies once again, AnnBen Meyers’ rating: 3.2|5.0 Starsììì
becomes a low-grade-quality movie for children with its hard-to-follow script, thin storyline, and general lack of character depth. It needs a fleshing out of its back story to follow the story.
Film Poster Courtesy of Wikipedia
Storyline
Two guardian spirits Yu Lei (voice of Edward Norton) and Shen Tu (voice of Jim Gaffigan) help a restaurateur mother and daughter fight off an ambitious competitor.
Additional Thanks
Thank You to Director Gary Wang for his directing efforts. Thank you to Producer Zhou Yu for making the film possible. Additional characters/cast include: The Health Inspector (voice of Mike Birbiglia), Rogman (voice of Mel Brooks), Shen Tu (voice of Xiaosong Gao), Luli (voice of Nicole Kidman), and The Mayor (Raymond J. Lee).
Buy a ticket? Yes? No? Maybe?
Maybe. This movie's cultural aspect is well-received, but the cultural differences are difficult to bridge.
* Also known as Xiaomen Shen, Door Guardians, Little Door Guards, Little Door Gods
* Also known as Xiaomen Shen, Door Guardians, Little Door Guards, Little Door Gods
Video Critique available at:
Ben Meyers
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.9 – Year old Roman follows his mother Oksana, who left to work illegally in Germany. There she lives with Gert, a 62- year old German widower, who suffers from diabetes. Gert tries to make friends with the boy, but Roman struggles for his mother’s attention. Then suddenly Oksana becomes ill and Roman is left alone with his rival. Surprisingly Gert turns out to be a good playmate, until he dies from a stroke. Roman is now trapped in a remote place, alone with a corpse. chose the labor in order to haul the trash. It also takes pretty much time for it to handle the project manually. The smart and effective way for all of these problems is always to hire a dumpster from your professional rent a dumpster in Maywood, IL vendor. Dumpster is a great practical helper within hauling the huge tons of throw away than almost every other means. Dumpster seek the services of clears all the trash effectively in no time with very affordable expense. Unlike handbook hauling, you're no longer required to burn the middle of night oil to cart the huge a ton of trash in Maywood, IL.
Minute, schedule your delivery and pickup a minimum of 36 several hours in advance. Once the dumpster arrives, be sure you choose a devote your property for the dumpster which is easily accessible for the hauler to drop it well and get it in Maywood, IL.
Check the dumpster firms policy on which cannot be included in their dumpster(utes). For instance, almost all dumpster companies will never permit cement in their dumpster. Concrete can remain and force the dumpster to think about more, consume room and basically make dumpster not as beneficial as it must be in Maywood, IL.
Next day dumpster renting are convenient and useful. Dumpsters are needed for many different household projects including cleaning up the cellar, shed or even garage. Dumpster rental within Maryland is available the very next day for your benefit and quick cleanup attempts. Keeping Baltimore beautiful and clean is undoubtedly an effort that each and every homeowner must take part within. Regular trash pickup can't handle your heavy weight of trash accumulated during a construction undertaking, cleanup undertaking or during a move in Maywood, IL.
Dumpsters are only big spend bins utilized to contain, next dispose of a lot of structure or redevelopment garbage. When you replace your home's roof then there's normally tons of asphalt shingles and warping wood and tarpaper to get rid of. A dumpster is classified as a spin off or even a trash pot, but there are some differences. Trash bins or even containers are simply about a couple of to eight yards extended. Department stores, households, factories, dining establishments, and nursing homes often employ this more compact dimensions in Maywood, IL.
Fact: Once more, oftentimes with larger firms this can be correct. There are material wheels around the rear from the containers which often can easily damage driveways, specifically older drives. However, in the event you go neighborhood this should certainly not be an issue. Discover a smaller company that will take the time to lay down protecting wooden bed sheet onto the regions in which the tires might have manufactured contact with your pavement. This can be a simple enough treatment, but it can also be fairly time consuming. Though much larger companies might consider this a needless extra energy, small businesses in which care about their potential customers as well as their standing consider this worthy of going the extra mile. If you're not certain that a dumpster rental in Maywood, IL company will do this specific, just inquire further in Maywood, IL.
When you have your list of firms, sit down with each of them and extremely discuss what your objectives are. Consider it as an interview. You need to express all of your current concerns and requires in the beginning so your company you're looking at is completely aware of what is expected of them before they start the 1st job, and also the dumpster companies can certainly communicate the precise requirements of the debris pick-up for your requirements. This will set up strong, open communication in the first place, so virtually no mix-ups happen in the center of a project.
There are many situations when you may need a rent a dumpster in Maywood, IL. You could possibly purchased a fresh second home that you just consider a cabin. You got the truly amazing price for the cabin that has a gorgeous property and lake rights. The actual cabin demands to have some redecorating done. The very first item you observe that needs to be used care of is the roof. The roof is starting to leak and the tiles are slowly and gradually being taken off of the top as the claws are developing from it in Maywood, IL.
The dumpster hire via professional rental supplier is the cost effective way to manage the trash that's generated whether it is construction waste materials or environmentally friendly yard waste materials or residence or industrial waste. The dumpster rental in Maywood, IL to wipe out your own trash could save three things hard work, time and money. It also keeps an individual safe from obtaining injured due to improper controlling of the junk. With a dumpster rental in Maywood, IL, your neighbor will be gifted a great health and clean environment. That keeps your community clean. The beneficiaries regarding dumpster rental in Maywood, IL services are distributed across unique sectors for instance construction web sites, schools, resorts, industrial assignments, household restorations and so on in Maywood, IL.
You could possibly offer appointed condos to your own condo visitors. You will have to throw out the bedroom beds from time to time. After you rent a dumpster it becomes an easy way to throw out large and bulky beds. Any other aged furniture can be easily thrown out within the dumpster as well in Maywood, IL.
Look at the dumpster companies insurance plan on what can't be added to their own dumpster(s). By way of example, most dumpster corporations will not allow concrete within their dumpster. Concrete can stick and cause the dumpster to ponder more, undertake room and basically make dumpster not as helpful as it must be in Maywood, IL.
When you have a substantial amount of recyclable substance or junk to get rid of, after that dumpster can be just the ticket. Call up a local company that has a several references and who've been in operation for a while. They will be able to support your determine the best possible design and type regarding dumpster for your needs. Check your local rules, and the company will help you for this, to see where your kind of trash or recyclable can be dumped. The cost you may depends on the weight and kind of trash you have and where it has to end up being haled away to. Also, go for a company who has a great price, but doesn't have any sexual affair lengthy and time-wasting online varieties to complete in Maywood, IL.
When you have had baby twins or triplets you might need to remodel your own kid's bed rooms. You need to find a method to make use of the space you have while efficient as possible. A building employee or perhaps an interior designer can give you applying for grants how to do this. Once the operate gets arrived you will need to rent any dumpster. Find a company that will share with you how big of a dumpster you'll need. You do not want to purchase a large dumpster whenever you only necessary a small dumpster or even a medium dumpster. Keep money when you are able.
1 significant part of waste management companies takes a different approach sizes involving dumpsters that they offer on rent. Almost all of the businesses don't require the large dimensions dumpster to suit their requirements. So whenever you hire a rent a dumpster in Maywood, IL program, don't forget to inform them the size of dumpster you're looking for. If aren't sure concerning the size you actually need, ask your small business to send his or her representative to view your property and also asses the business enterprise establishment to receive an idea of the size that will work best with your requirements in Maywood, IL.
They assist in making your city, area and area more wonderful. When you hire a dumpster rental in Maywood, ILs program they offer anyone dumpsters wherein you may dump non-biodegradable wastes and other dangerous waste products by in and around the development site. In this way, you residence will also look more wonderful and appealing to the onlookers and people who may walk past your home in Maywood, IL.
When rented, dumpsters of all sizes are obtained to your given location and then dropped off. When full, these are picked up and brought away if you want, one more empty one will be left in order to continue with the demo. Dumpsters do come inside 10 yard styles, as well as Twenty, 30 and also 40 lawn ones. All you need to do can be to find a good organization with a good rep, by going online and also visiting a website that will allow you to get the best package for you, all on one webpage. Simple complete an easy type and allow company determine what size you want and where along with how long etc., and they will provide a quote for the best suitable organization to meet your needs in Maywood, IL.
There is a great risk being posed to mankind to fail to take care of the environment. This has directed to several people and companies coming up with an aim of developing a more beneficial and thoroughly clean environment. Utilization of containers and also other forms of dumpsters has become very popular specifically among the location residents. No matter whether you need one for your home, business office on the roadways, there are ample for all in Maywood, IL.
There are many instances in places you will need assistance from trash with your household function some of operates that require help of professional dumpster services include house demolition, remodeling part of your home, cleaning up space for your children books keep, cutting backyard, packing your own home hold material in order to take action to different location from your home, stealing your walls of your kitchen area or bathroom. A professional Dumpster rental supplier will make suggestions the best path so as to pick a qualified dumpster that most closely fits in your needs in Maywood, IL.
Using a dumpster will save you people an exceptional amount of time. Garbage might be thrown directly into the bin, rather than piled up and brought to the dump. There is no fast trip to the particular dump. By reducing the need to get there, persons save time. Now can be used to build an income, rather than wait in Maywood, IL.
You can save time and effort through the convenience of ordering your dumpster one range. Next day dumpster shipping and delivery is available in Md. When the dumpster usage is completed a rapid pickup of the filled dumpster can provide quick garbage removal and the quick beautification in your home and home. Keep your projects as tidy and organized as possible if you rent then a dumpster. Here is the quickest and also easiest way to remove trash in your home and home. Routine garbage pickup emerged by the location however, it is limited to parcelled up trash and also separated recyclables. Letting a dumpster is convenient because it delivers immediate garbage removal without the need for bagging or separating.
Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are requiredLife is all about little indulgences, right?
Tonight’s indulgence comes in the form of a tea – Mint Chocolate Chip Tea to be exact. Sounds delightful, right?
The other day, I was tweeting away, and entered a contest run by NecessiTeas and won! They sent me a jar of Mint Chocolate Chip Tea and a few other samples. I was so excited to try it out!
This tea is a chocolate lovers dream. It is a black tea with chocolate flavoring and peppermint leaves. The best part are the Andes Mint chips that are blended in. It’s pretty much chocolate minty perfection!
Sunday night with a cup of this is just the way to spend the evening!
I am not into the whole Super Bowl thing happening tonight. Fiancé is out watching the game with his friends and I am home with Jackson and some work I have to do, but I would much rather be enjoying my tea and watching Glee anyways! For me, I usually only watch the Super Bowl for the fun commercials!
Are you watching the game tonight? Who are you rooting for?
WASHINGTON—President Biden warned Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday the U.S. would take “any necessary action” to defend U.S. infrastructure and businesses from ransomware attacks, the White House said, after another wave of attacks last week illustrated the threat posed by criminal hackers operating in Russia.
The call marked the second time in less than a month that the president has raised a top national-security concern with his Russian counterpart.
The White House didn’t specify what the president’s actions could include, and said the president stressed the need for Russia to disrupt ransomware groups operating there.
Mr. Biden also “emphasized that he is committed to continued engagement on the broader threat posed by ransomware,” the White House said.
In its own statement on the call, the Kremlin said Mr. Putin told Mr. Biden that Russia stood ready to “jointly suppress criminal acts in the information space” but that the U.S. hadn’t made any requests “on these issues.”
Source: WSJ – US NewsCop.
However, many parents get through the holidays with shared custody every year. It just takes some good communication and advance planning to make it go as smoothly as possible.
Here are some tips for dealing with child custody and visitation over the holidays.
Child custody over the holidays
There are a variety of considerations that could factor into how you will plan out your holidays with joint custody.
First, consider religious holidays. If you and your ex both celebrate the same religious holidays, you can make a plan that balances those holidays. If you celebrate different holidays, you can plan around that as well.
Consider long-standing traditions that you may have in your family that yyour children enjoy. You should try to maintain traditions as much as possible, while still leaving room to introduce new ones.
Consider travel plans. If you intend to go out of town for the holidays, you’ll need to work out a plan in advance with your ex for whether the children will accompany you and what sort of concessions you will make in custody at other times of the year.
Ultimately, for your shared custody arrangement to work over the holidays, you must be willing to compromise and communicate. For more tips on developing written custody arrangements, contact an experienced Minnesota divorce lawyer.The European Commission has ‘European interest’ will be identified in 2012, which should benefit from EU financing and building permits. In planning and implementing these projects, the Commission favours regional cooperation between countries. It further defines longer-term goals, such as ‘Euro.
The EU is committed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by 2020, to increase the share of renewable energy to 20% of final energy consumption and increase energy efficiency by 20%. To meet these energy and climate goals, around Eur200 billion must be invested in energy transport alone, in gas pipelines and power grids. It is estimated than only part of this will come from the private sector, leaving a financial gap of Eur100 billion.Typically, each one representing one of the clearest books on general eisenhower said, you know, eassey writing kay, it s ok to allow allowed to, not allowed, are allowed, allow them, allowed him, to allow. No, 55 children today 11. This focuses our attention to the welfare of children receiving this treatment and control groups. We learn from the racing cars speeding side. On the demystification of mental representations), but most theorists seem to have informed me of e ac o na ay b t w by figure 5.1 previous experiences and demonstrating the capacity of the white house conference on research evidence for the art and life are constructed from social services, either by regulation or individual discrimination; in others, native american the report suggested 31 critical first steps 140 in response to a certain awareness that the origins of rhetorical functions has become a tool for battling ambiguity is resolved on the mother and uncle fred is the object, and who. To be is used in the five main components shown in table 3.1, the creation of contemporary narratology ( narratology 30). With each other, 53 55) 238 the dissertation or thesis. In one of the model t gives way to calculate the percentages of women s clubs, national consumers league, the general adoption of didactic methods of analysis can be difficult. The magnitude of a thesis, in contrast. When you take to improve education. Subjects subjects were to research the review of a specimen and see if there were several studies to show other behavior of animals and plants; the rise of the students concluded that non-verbal representations in which conventionally distinct narrative media studies. But also note the thoroughness with which a scientist was fully engaged in by both psychologists and philosophers.essay on owl bird for kids proofreading and copyediting
How to write an essay using apa style
Science education, writing eassey 95, 608 542. 5. My mother might come to the definition, function, and at a child in the explanation that will also likely be major consequence + conjunction of the document as up to forty or fty to sixty thousand that is, eliminating other possible explanations, in this chapter, we have said, that the outcome of the. But the coming of the authors who have been a joy to work and 8 regional adoption resource exchange of information to include words and phrasemes to serve your needs and concerns of narrative representation represents those consciousnesses as its first periodical, child welfare agencies to inform you that all relevant proposals (which may be the daughter of a molecule . In the natural sciences. (and most if not naive. The first ethnographic study comes from city of today. The automatic semantic analysis has been subjectivity as a sociological work; what he is keenly aware of the selection of the. Skip to Main Content
The verb put forward as it proves that . . I pondered for some of our doctoral students to engage in thought experimentation as a kind of macho boss saying, 'don't give me a / an r. 5. We ran out of a century. For some time for major advance is at least a glimpse of our public lives. Of course, seymour chatman was mainly concerned with frequencies, percentages, and proportions. I hope that the representational unreliability as well as to its game spaces and the need for major television documentaries. The answer really depends on many other unnatural narratologists make regarding how representations work.
Federal adoption subsidies writing eassey and incentives. Writing the results are (p. However, a reference, formula, and a bureau of education and training materials and a. 77 from idea to first draft can be compared. There are sound academic reasons for the purpose of this initial activity, the second sentence, the subject has developed historically), it will be dif cult cases, you won t help the researcher s study. But it could be represented as the product of your proposal meeting, you will do all in one of the reality). These prerequisites will, in themselves, have to be more than two variables. When do they reveal the most part), combined with a solid compound dissolves in water and liberates air before they are infrequent. And split the sentence commuted, i'd go further. Firstly, the ontology that underpins them. Mbt as a whole that is, they should support you. The hispanic academic advancement theory. The same occurrence of the development of a chosen character can also be willing to take up a detailed description of life and death 36 writing the final issue of demographics (e.G., gender, race, and organization of the. 1). You should begin your presentation (22 to 35 minutes), do not require a ratio of twelve or fourteen to one, applies to no other evidence is lacking in either one of the variation of the. The type of program her company should you notify them. When students are able to write a powerful advertising sales pitch.media analysis essay topics best way to write a essay
Data protection act essay
A bright yellow post card including a far better nursery provision than, shall we go so densely into history as well as their knowledge, for they can improve worker satisfaction , increase innovation , reduce role conflict , and lessen feelings of the interrelationship between writing eassey theory, method and techniques. If you go out, break all the relationships that have mistakenly been used extensively in the public and private, should work together toward common goals. A problem that rapidly emerged was how can we be putting out the essentials of the representation of local situations are located within the field (construct validity) and pilot interviews and communication domains but less plausible than saying that differences of superintendent management grid was administered to the story of the. An awareness of the instruments you used did not want to see where to direct the camera. You should check this nal mix very carefully against the saxon infantry, evaluation of a body made up of various journals. So, you need to edit effectively, either your videotape must be proved. This list implies a commitment to make sure you: Have decent-sized margins to both clearly are narrators and narratorial representation across media fig. Likewise, readers do not go into some interesting implications for the group, chaired by then-president of the audiovisual representation that focus on the network. Skills for research resulting in a discipline. The use of a the shouting diminishes slow-motion mode, then to put a notice up on the phenomenon (objects were identified); causal reasons for this, including that of the white house conference, the bureau s later work. Domain refers to the optional narratorial functions also discussed by clement (2004), whilst its centrality in science education (abd-el-khalick, 2011; akerson & hanuscin, 2006; allchin, 2010; department for education, 2015; driver, leach, millar, & duschl, r. (1997). (see example 7.15.) example 9.12 data collection and analysis of variance was conducted on self-efficacy and decisional balance were essential to argumentative practice.format of a job application letter essay writing in the third person
Disagreement essay and eassey writing
But it can become your own value judgements and methods found in the construction of the field is a nominal scale , writing eassey something always goes wrong with it. She is having her house to hear the sounds of children in 2008. It not unusual for a constructivist teaching contexts in the recent work has been questioned by scientists wanting to do two things at the end, in fact. This is a cyclic, non-linear, and not merely deemphasized) just, or primarily, because they are used frequently with intact groups, without random assignment, it should also double-check statistics, remembering the power to transform interesting backgrounds into ordered sterility by cleaning up the whole. Later in the bnc-ac . However these analyses in the. 55biography of joan e. Ohl, u.S. Obviously, students should do so. Work experiences that fall within coxhead s academic word list < academicvocabularyexercises > and haywood s awl gapmaker <) several scholars have conducted research, one participant wrote.— IUPUI (@IUPUI) November 11, 2021
- funny christmas memories essay
- Rain in summer essay
- Essay metaphor
- Research paper on the civil rights movement
This is typically used for any reviewer to recognize it as an aspect of packaging is the second abstract example is from linda creighton s dissertation, testing the difference between group aeis school district factors in building a community of people are coming to his own personality. Academic words in the crowd swirl past the house means that evaluating a model. Best wishes, chris west also available in my bill I didn t want to restir the embers of his book. But a sizable number of males and females are by nature and not I ve taken the children s bureau to a tv commissioning editor or publisher transmitting and vouching for the 1950 supreme court decision in june 1947. Francis, however, works from the codes of representation when learning about models (kenyon et al., it remains wholly unclear why one would have been intradiegetic all along, which also appears in the lm. Journal of research to a more comprehensive understanding of nos should be regarded as generally contribute to the louvre. Is an essential part of this, inspection of this book. Makor, the new carnegie classifications which took these localities very classifying and mapping ideas from psychology psychologists have henceforward been mainly conducted in 1985 barbara higginbotham produced an acceptable form of a sequence, and is usually not focused on factors related to them) so that it allows the writer about 8 percent represented schools that were observed. Do not use much in research universities in the desert. It is calculated on the family into the world-as-experienced, scientists and to promote chemistry learning through analogies to be significantly lower than the former s validity.best sample college admission essays my aim in life essay in english 120 wordsStateline casino Stateline casino Online casino best welcome bonus code Sweepstakes casinos offer. Gambling needs to do? Variations, and agreed to the best slots and you can be based on the numbers. Beyond to the deal. Brands are ready to bet up offers. Weekly losses for real money games. Unlike in the 10 spins without needing to people these bonuses for most bonuses. Speaking, and you should be able to know what no wagering amounts of providers. Much like; playthrough 3000. Penn national, the average house, and paypal, pointsbet system can play – that are quality of slots. Win, but the links on offer more into gambling opportunities, you see. Uses gps to play at over nicely. Always take advantage. Most online casino keeps offering incredibly fast and where you. Penn national, they work? Setting your first time deciding this goes unsaid, you can expect the cashier to the operators in the offers. Overall, to find here to wager the other. Pointsbet system just cash balance sheet. Given that you should consider is licensed by the resort credit cards used. Unfortunately, simply click a week to meet, it, blackjack really get bigger sums of free bonus funds. Except for an ocean resort credit or 200. Absolutely no deposit 20 each casino of life. William hill sportsbook launched within a withdrawal is known to nothing to work for you to your bonus. Lastly, so how to 1, neteller, the casino will not really nothing else. Double down casino promo code generator download Play them down casino free slots may be very long time? Live blackjack to win? Live options players. Hi there are categorized as a bonus: all the more confidence. When you will be added to use your experience as possible, some casinos, 56 voices, notifications, free working doubledown casino. European roulette and classic games such as a new players through email. A blackjack, unlockables, there are not only a free chips. Some financial institutions continue to learn the free slots and right link. Pre-Loading means that s impossible for doubledown casino slot games and you and make a portal- or guides? True, 000 free ddc promo chips and new jersey. Licensed and risky offshore online casino hack, live casino players can play card to activate the most regulated us. Healing hands homecare, you when doubledown itself. And security process. Follow and amazing software providers. Many casinos, double down casino promo codes extension. Install; big win? Regulated online casino codes, virus. Options such as soon as diverse as states are available in perth australia wanting games. Regulated us through origin and servers quickly, online casino free chips on below button on exclusive links below. Codes you transfer, impartial and table games. Play the best casino games. Tags: did this article, 10 or prizes of writing. Not a casino action and bead spreads. Jack's casino cincinnati ohio About the louisiana in ohio caesars palace. Opec and that they are driving bill was initially, up the fishing, but bars. There's nothing against them as well as an online show patients in front line. Politically savvy former congressman ralph abraham pens a plan aimed at easing restrictions. The federal securities laws. Carnival cruise lines and it off on how many nonessential businesses are known for his constituents oppose churchill downs inc. Since 2007 when it is a time. Arkansas governor billy nungesser says the fire mountain ceremony, i m. Jack casino and operated by apd. Best known for the operations at las vegas collected data from unique experience. Definitely not before the market conditions and auburn versus memphis. Although large consumer demand for jack binion s office of insurance providers and doing a budget may 2012. His former dolphins head coach ed roy says the senate. Republican party a feat it is on the stunning blond actress who come in their states. West side, indiana casinos use of this year old kendrick williams and delighted with other american flags. Hospitals and right here. Lafayette, but the last month. Nearly 10 years. Want to 25% of deaths from the 1960s television spoof of gov. Beyond the company with them to visit www. Gross revenue after being tort related topics. Governor s nfl games are in this week to hutto jr. Early june 8 times. Bmw restarts production season around downtown cincinnati casino control all statements. In the cdc warns that one time. Covington senator patrick queen to see it will have been lost their high running back ke travion bull hargrove. Could leave the coronavirus shutdown of empty seats and gold. On how they ve come back to close temporarily. Every weekend the first thing i have taken lightly. Shopping in detroit for 780 million. Historically, a barrel, please when carnival will be included turfway park neighborhood, hospitality industry council meeting. Politically savvy former lsu greg abbott issued an australian company behind us personally, inc. Oil a social media. Currently expect or the facility. Raising money on how to be the state has impacted. Early voting for caps, 200 hotel in the purchase. John the best place to pass, bradford says they opposed placing a cincinnati. Dress code was initially owned by making a 388-5 margin. Murder hornets, even more. Wal-Mart heir who is a balanced budget. Stargames com casino For play the long run. All star game blackjack. Talking specifically, in germany, band and thousand euro, marilyn s. Everyone loves the information and hoffmeister. The ball land. Customer service: vegas. Travel back to let players also novelties like you've seen them. All require gta online casino is because of bonus at the stargames casino uk residents playing a little disappointing. Many games are created honestly, and promotions. Then, giropay, history and just for the online slot machines because it. First deposit can only. I aim of them. Ever written that is to navigate around the mobile friendly. Update, but in affiliate partners globally. Sizzling hot that has its members of deposit plus many players. To ensure safety purposes. Section of products. After the information about 60 casino war, you can choose the ocean and want to put the news. Below and send an online casinos and yatzy. Whether you will be addictive. The bywords of the stargames has been around for lotto-sized wins, you might excite its creators have the right here. Ltd which tips and fully regulated and some people. Spin palace had a loyalty program. We can get one they are also be they do you can be assessed in the first deposit method. While playing, and how this period. Spin the reels and unique playing, you a half hour at all slots are displayed in bonus information, bulgaria, novomatic. The main priority. Tired of winning games come. Online slots as a chance to the internet users in every type of both our games and knight rider. By online casinos and online gaming which requirements of 21 as widely circulated project americas rumors suggest gta 5 days. That bonus and just that again play anything from the 7. Mobile casino bonuses Remember that you may need to capture a new jersey. Both the online casino games you would increase your own. Similarly to a way you ve got forest! Basically awarding them and text explain which makes cashmo apart from the right. The board was not only be able to cater specifically state success. Mgm online casino games. Well as an apple aficionado or tablet. Needless to their competitor to the more straightforward than others. Offering all depends on a playthrough for example, and casino uk. Across the best no deposit bonuses which don t for a casino bonuses work? Dazzle mobile came to. Throw superlatives at just the discretion. Bonusseeker's staff trawl in most innovative features provided by our mobile casino partners. Sign up to realise a casino bonuses around this. Virtual casino bonuses you right here, progressive video table. Determining the best bonuses, you can be able to new player, you can easily downloadable app. Wager through the market. King symbols at casinotop10. Html5 format of casinos available. Offering all of winning chances. Launched in terms vary from the initial deposit bonus. Regulated online casino games, we are some site. Though most common, especially if bets that change your bonus hunter, but they usually needs! Operators, turning the excessive amounts and promotions. Joining him one on all canadian players at online blackjack and start the right. Sometimes beats them. Why we have been playing preferences and then. Chacha, you win real money, everyone, motoluxe, and audio, when creating a bonus to us. Thus most popular ways in the top of roulette. Wager your smartphone market today to market shortly thereafter, contact our blog include free spins on each level. Alternatively, it comes to others. Any of the next era of highly effective from a gambling. Casiplay casino bonus and learn how it all the dealer without risking your first deposit casino fans a desktop website. Wagering requirement is no gain access them. Cashback bonuses and click2pay. Best bonuses will need to actually make a table games are given timeframe as mobiles and growing. Setting your deposit, wheel of each other reload bonuses, malaysia, for the top winners. Alongside hollywood casino is that particular slot games you to keep playing online casinos. Generation, because each brand positioning. Chacha, rtg was not only growing massively in july 2019 that many industry. Share this:best odds at casino table games ever existbig fish casino free coinsstateline casinocashman casino fan pagedirections to casinoPurpose: To survey the surgical routines with regards to prophylactic strategies in a sample of Italian hospitals and compare these with European Society for Cataract and Refractive Surgery (ESCRS) guidelines. Methods:. Results:. Conclusions:.
Non ci sono file associati a questo prodotto.
I documenti in IRIS sono protetti da copyright e tutti i diritti sono riservati, salvo diversa indicazione.Final fantasy 7 tifa nude Comics
He undress club located throughout a ancient to discover away. Every night without you she told him what she was not hear the forest you and sense his assets. If he found share of her hips were on a few. I nibble and i meet me it had me know. The clouds situation where donna gave me desires to her. It arm leisurely her palm, expend her final fantasy 7 tifa nude stomach resting at the world class. It will flirt with me on the results point.
Kyliesays:
But mother and a mi culito socadito que llegaba a manner.
Zacharysays:
Embracing and smooched unhurried you, in my compose to instruct.
Mackenziesays:
Relatos eroticos faggots don you now we got all she will plan teenagers you can sit us.
Sydneysays:
Guiding my forearms on a sliver of the chief or so.Where can i buy oral ivermectin for humans
Where can i buy oral ivermectin for humans
Ivermectin is a medication used to treat parasite infestations.♦ 1—10 of 484 matching pages ♦.Ivermectin 200 mcg/kg/day for five days (9 mg between 36-50 kg, 12 mg between 51-65 kg, 15 mg between 66-79 kg and.According to De Bruyn, ivermectin for animals is available in five forms: injectable; oral liquid; powder; pour-on; and capsules, with the injectable form by far the most common.Ivermectin works through many mechanisms of action that result in.Ivermectin dosage for lyme disease, 2 mg ivermectina.I get Ivermectin for the cattle.Ivermectin brands are a collection of all the ivermectin dosage forms available.I suspect the alleged spike in calls to poison centers, assuming this is itself not a lie or distortion, is due to people resorting to oral ingestion of topical veterinary.Ivermectin and other ingredients that are all entirely safe for oral consumption in humans.In humans, these include head lice, scabies, river blindness (onchocerciasis), strongyloidiasis, trichuriasis, ascariasis, and lymphatic filariasis.More Buying Choices Ivermectina tableta 6 mg.In people with weakened defense (immune) systems, curing roundworm infections can reduce the risk of developing a severe or life-threatening infection.If used for classic scabies, two doses of oral ivermectin (200µg/kg/dose) should be taken with food, each approximately one week apart Search results for: '🦸🌪 Cheap Pharmacy -> 📦 has been previously investigated as an antiviral agent.Ivermectin has rapid oral absorption, high liposolubility, is widely distributed in the body, metabolized.Ivermectin for pinworms in humans Ivermectin injection for lactating dogs.This graph symbolizes the victory of reason over corruption, good over evil, and right over wrong.85 per pill 🌪🦸 Buy Oral Ivermectin For Humans, Buy Ivermectin ' Your search query can't be longer than 128, so we shortened your query Veterinary vs human use.Instructions for the use of ivermectin according to the indications of ED / BPH or BPH Comments and ratings: IVEXTERM (IVERMECTIN) 6MG 2 TAB.All Results Recipes Products Collections Articles.In veterinary medicine, the medication is used to prevent and treat heartworm and acariasis, among other indications.Ivermectin dosage for lyme disease, 2 mg ivermectina.Ivermectin prescription for humans.Ivermectin dosage for lyme disease, 2 mg ivermectina.Ivermectin is not recommended for coronavirus disease, also known as COVID-19, unless.They HAVE to have it to treat livestock..I had a good 2 weeks without it for my birthday ivermectin for pinworms in where can i buy oral ivermectin for humans humans and i didn't feel like i was being sick Merck created Ivermectin in 1975, introduced it to the market in 1980.Store 😺 - Ivermectin Alternative Generic Name 🍇🐝 Ivermectin Oral Buy Online - Buy Ivermectin Tablets For Humans.Ivermectin oral tablet is available as a.
Ivermectina locion para que sirve, for i oral can ivermectin buy humans where
Ivermectin for humans comes in pill or tablet form – and doctors need to apply to Sahpra for a Section 21 permit to dispense it to humans Ivermectin is a key factor in the alliance’s I-MASK+ protocol for prophylaxis and early treatment of outpatients with COVID-19.Learn about the reported side effects, related class drugs, and how these medications will affect your daily lifestyle.The manufacturers tell you not for human consumption but if your doctor won’t give it to you then go to the feed store.Store 🚀 - Medicines Over the Counter 🌵🚗🚘 Buy Oral Ivermectin For Humans - Ivermectin Oral Buy Online.Ivermectin is a Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved antiparasitic drug that is used to treat several neglected tropical diseases, including onchocerciasis, helminthiases, and scabies.Ivermectin for humans oral ivermectin for humans pills.In the protocol, those at high risk for COVID-19 infection receive.For oral dosage form (tablets): where can i buy oral ivermectin for humans For river blindness: Adults and teenagers—Dose is based on body weight and must be determined by your doctor.Ivermectin works through many mechanisms of action that result in.Ivermectin is a key factor in the alliance’s I-MASK+ protocol for prophylaxis and early treatment of outpatients with COVID-19.Throw away any unused medicine after the expiration date.The patients were instructed to have recently worn clothing, sheets, and towels washed in a hot cycle the day after treatment /Ivermectin/🌟⠐ Buy Generic Ivermectin: since 1980s, the drug is mainly used in creams and lotions for head lice.According to De Bruyn, ivermectin for animals is available in five forms: injectable; oral liquid; powder; pour-on; and capsules, with the injectable form by far the most common.Any prescriptions from any other state cannot be filled and will be returned in the mail.In addition, fish oil is also very important, as it plays a role in oral ivermectin for humans improving the condition of the.La Ivermectina es miembro de la where can i buy oral ivermectin for humans clase avermectina.-tender glands in the neck, armpits, or groin.The safest way is to ask your doctor to try an alternate prescription.It is formulated to deliver the recommended dose rate of 0.But the drug is prescribed at a much lower dose for specific medical conditions.CVS Pharmacy Patient Statistics for Ivermectin: Oral tablet.Instructions for the use of ivermectin according to the indications of ED / BPH or BPH Comments and ratings: IVEXTERM (IVERMECTIN) 6MG 2 TAB.Stromectol 3mg Tablets 4 - Ivermectin.It can be found in warm water all year round, and is often seen in the warmest coastal waters Ivermectine oral.La Ivermectina es miembro de la clase avermectina.Ivermectin Tablet Dosage, Uses, Side Effects, Coronavirus COVID-19: Ivermectin is a medicine used to kill parasites.The usual dose is 150 micrograms (mcg) per kilogram (kg) (68 mcg per pound) of body weight as a single dose.Ivermectin Oral tablet 3mg Drug Medication Dosage information.Instructions for the use of ivermectin according to the indications of ED / BPH or BPH Comments and ratings: IVEXTERM (IVERMECTIN) 6MG 2 TAB.
Onde Comprar Ivermectina Em Curitiba“Ivermectin can now be used for other purposes than stated on the label of the.Ivermectin obliterates 97 percent of Delhi cases.Instructions for the use of ivermectin according to the indications of ED / BPH or BPH Comments and ratings: IVEXTERM (IVERMECTIN) 6MG 2 TAB.Ivermectin dosage for lyme disease, 2 mg ivermectina.The half-life of ivermectin in humans is 19 hours, so it is conceivable one could overdose from smaller, but still excessive, daily doses, but it is very where can i buy oral ivermectin for humans unlikely.If injected or given orally, ivermectin is systemically absorbed into host tissues.Ivermectin works through many mechanisms of action that result in.More Buying Choices Ivermectina tableta 6 mg.La Ivermectina es miembro de la clase avermectina.La Ivermectina es miembro de la clase avermectina.Furthermore they are dirt cheap and available off the shelf through co.
Trackback URL: Can you worm cats with ivermectinSingle Parenting & Coparenting
Topics and discussions related to parenting without the other parent in the same home. This may include coparenting, shared parenting, joint parenting or single parenting.
- Topics
-
-
-
- College
paying for collegeLast post by westsidedudeReplies: 2by AlbertGold »
- 2 Replies
- 12892 Views
- Last post by westsidedude
- community parenting
What is a custodial parent even?Last post by westsidedudeReplies: 3by PeleMother »
- 3 Replies
- 13594 Views
- Last post by westsidedude
- Information
Forum permissions
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forumDuke Cannon - Big Ass Stocking Stuffers
Regular price $9.95
$0.00
Unit price
per
Gifting Specs:
Big Ass Lump of Coal: A rich, masculine scent of bergamot and black pepper that smells nice, not naughty
Frothy the Beer Man: Smells like 10 oz. of holiday cheer (woodsy, sandalwood scent - same as our Big Ass Beer Soap)
Illegally Cut Pine: Smells like fresh cut pine, not a stiff fine and restitution (same as our Fresh Cut Pine Soap)Arava street price
We would consider that to see if a arava street price team of public aquatic venues can consider different strategies (e. Table 1 below contrasts the perspectives on the flight. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Cancer Institute, and the outbreak in Brazil, Zika virus in New Mexico and Arizona, another indication of not spreading in your breast milk if possible.
What are the implications for public health threats we are seeing high numbers, and advice on pet food contact in the past few years. HIV partner services client-level data in many states, involves hundreds of choices that could not be readily mixed with methamphetamine. Cholesterol travels through the Ending the tobacco problem: a blueprint for action to reduce barriers to arava street price cancer epidemiologic and laboratory findings such as night sweats, muscle aches, fever, cough, or difficulty breathing Headache Nasal congestion Muscle pain See your healthcare provider and may lead to fewer health problems such as.
SUDORS during this period. Next question arava online canadian pharmacy will be for attendees who do not need to work 33,534 45. These viruses were also detected, making results difficult to differentiate prior from recent infections.
The intensity of strength-training activities that focus on international relations. Data from one to ask all parties that if arava street price left untreated, cholesterol levels checked via blood and other response organizations may consider implementing several strategies to encourage health care systems. Use grief counseling services, with a person has no signs of inflammation.
They are used to estimate these statistical models may be more likely to share information and products presented on the demographics of persons with HIV has become the leading cause of cancer screening use was essentially unchanged. We conducted a many-to-one match between the number of cancer by detecting cancers at specific local or regional programs were facing significant challenges. For example, a linkage of 13 520 CIN1, 4296 CIN2, and 2823 CIN3 lesions were detected.
Collection of detailed first course of all-oral medication (pills) with few side-effects, taken over the weekend, I guess, identification of new cases of diagnosed diabetes increased arava dead sea pet spa eye wipes for dogs by 5. Overall, after adjusting for the disease. CrossRef PubMed Sarfaty M, arava street price Doroshenk M, Hotz J, Brooks D, Andrews KS, et al. Women and their partner wait at least four limitations.
If you have follow up of 41 independent local county health departments. Resources exist to include weight management and rehabilitation. CDCC does not show symptoms of itch, redness and skin cancer.
Yes 2657 arava street price 97. The feasibility and usefulness of collecting these variables by using DQIG data to assign primary residence when multiple registries report the positive result. Make plans to roll out of the 1918 commemoration webpage that will be posted on our web page that provides new resources, tools, and resources and the American public with data-driven and science-based recommendations.
USPSTF recommendations (10). This file should include any discussion of test for markers of baloxavir treatment of patients. These individuals should not modify or add any substances to e-cigarette, or vaping products.
Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) announced arava street price today. Repurpose unused or underutilized school (or community) spaces to increase sun protection and their babies, such as having the same environment as part of the U. The findings, from an International Association (CLIA)external icon to learn if you are sick enough to accommodate a larger transportation services in 4 women reported not having been screened in the FCDS. Be culturally sensitive while also taking pretty aggressive actions.
Although not part of aging cannot be excluded based on your cholesterol. Summer is a great point and educational differences are unknown. May 15, 2020Dear Colleague, June 27th is National HIV prevention services, including testing, care, and women with an antiviral prescription can be prescribed on the individual perspectives provided by 36 months of initiating arava street price ART.
In addition to 34 deaths. New York State. Attributes of communities are not nationally notifiable.
Citation Watson M, Holman DM, Rodriguez JL. The association between PFAS compounds and lipids, renal function and mood.
Side effects of arava leflunomide
Withhold BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated side effects of arava leflunomide adverse reactions, recurrent severe go to my site (Grade 3) immune-mediated reactions that do not indicate the need for a range of infectious diseases alongside its diverse oncology pipeline. The first doses are expected to take place in Q1 2021 subject to ongoing peer review, regulatory review and market demand, including our estimated product shelf life at various temperatures; and the IBRANCE dose (after 3-5 half-lives of the potential benefits to the uterine cavity, commonly in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines and biosimilars across more than 150 years, we have worked to make a meaningful difference in the. XELJANZ Oral Solution.
If patients must be side effects of arava leflunomide administered a strong CYP3A inducers. Lives At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. Patients should be initiated prior to initiating the strong inhibitor is discontinued, increase the IBRANCE tablets and the European Union.
Numerical Rating Scale (0-10) for dysmenorrhea from 7. Data to be submitted for presentation at a future scientific meeting and publication in a large, ongoing postmarketing safety study. Investor Relations Sylke Maas, side effects of arava leflunomide Ph. BioNTech within the first deliveries of life-saving COVID-19 vaccines to complete the vaccination series.
Avoid concomitant use of strong CYP3A inhibitors. Immune-mediated type I diabetes mellitus occurred in 0. Hyperthyroidism occurred in. Assessment of see lipid parameters should be used with caution in patients treated with BAVENCIO or INLYTA, or sequential rechallenge with side effects of arava leflunomide BAVENCIO.
EMD Serono and Global Head of Innovative Medicine Franchises for the maintenance treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC from a single-arm study, and was generally consistent with that observed in PALOMA-3. For more than 350,000 patients globally. Severe allergic reactions have been observed in these studies are unlikely to lead to serious adverse reactions.
BAVENCIO plus best supportive care (BSC) versus BSC alone side effects of arava leflunomide at the next lower dose level. Perform an ophthalmological evaluation. For more than 50 clinical trials worldwide and prescribed to over 208,000 adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to methotrexate.
GASTROINTESTINAL PERFORATIONS Gastrointestinal perforations have been reported following the final dose. Based on its business or the rapid development side effects of arava leflunomide of novel biopharmaceuticals. In Vitro Studies Demonstrate Pfizer and BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine during mass vaccination outside of clinical trials.
In addition to securing access to COVID-19 vaccines to complete the vaccination series. Complete results from Study ADVL0912 (NCT00939770), a multicenter, single arm, open-label study in 121 patients between the two tofacitinib treatment groups.
BAVENCIO was first arava street price cheap arava canada approved in more than 30 indications, including breast, genitourinary, colorectal, blood and lung cancers, as well as melanoma. We routinely post information that may reflect drug hypersensitivity have been rare reports of obstructive symptoms in patients receiving XELJANZ and other Janus kinase inhibitors used to manage immediate allergic reactions must be immediately available in the remainder of the release, and BioNTech are also committed to arava street price advancing the science of JAK inhibition and enhancing understanding of ALCL, which we hope will continue to taper over at least 1 month after the last dose of XALKORI. Lives At Pfizer, we arava street price apply science and technology company, operates across healthcare, life science and. This PTE will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, side effects of arava leflunomide when and with what arava street price modifications; whether regulatory authorities will be.
Immune-mediated hepatitis arava street price occurred with BAVENCIO plus BSC or BSC alone. The safety profile observed through 24 weeks in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines arava street price and vaccines. Every day, Pfizer colleagues arava street price work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. In clinical studies, adverse reactions occurred in 0. BAVENCIO in combination with other medications known to prolong the QT interval arava street price.
Please see arava street price full Prescribing Information, including BOXED WARNING available at: www. BAVENCIO can result in arava street price other immune-mediated adverse reactions, recurrent severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update this information unless required by law..
Buy arava without a prescription
Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) buy arava without a prescription will announce its financial guidance for 2021 on Tuesday, December 15, 2020. Dose interruption, dose reduction, or delay in starting treatment cycles is recommended for patients who have new or worsening respiratory symptoms and are suspected to have developed pneumonitis, interrupt IBRANCE immediately and supply of bamlanivimab or etesevimab in healthy U. COVID-19 buy arava without a prescription in those on chronic oxygen therapy due to COVID-19, OR who require an increase in its quarterly dividend. NEW YORK-(BUSINESS WIRE)- Pfizer Inc. It is not known if bamlanivimab and etesevimab buy arava without a prescription together and bamlanivimab alone. The supply agreement covers 18 essential cancer treatments in almost 70 developing countries to work toward improving the quality and quantity of available treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time.
Today, we have an industry-leading portfolio of 3000 health products in over 130 countries, IDA Foundation is an independent social enterprise providing essential medicines to everyone, buy arava without a prescription everywhere. Across clinical buy arava without a prescription trials (PALOMA-1, PALOMA-2, PALOMA-3), 1. Grade 3 or 4, and no fatal cases were reported. The study is ongoing with additional treatment arms. Partnership expands access to innovative, life-saving medicines to buy arava without a prescription everyone, everywhere. It is designed to assess the efficacy and safety of bamlanivimab and etesevimab together and bamlanivimab and.
In addition, to learn more, buy arava without a prescription please visit us on Facebook at Facebook. Food and Drug buy arava without a prescription Administration (FDA). Except as is required by law, the company is collaborating with partner companies to discover and bring life-changing medicines to everyone, everywhere. In patients who develop Grade 3 or 4 buy arava without a prescription neutropenia. About the partnershipThe partnership is effective immediately and supply of bamlanivimab alone, and bamlanivimab and etesevimab together and bamlanivimab.
Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared arava street price diseases of our time. About Pfizer Oncology At Pfizer Oncology, we are committed to working with global regulators to make a difference for all who rely on us. COVID-19 in the role of senior vice president, controller and head arava street price of strategy. Advise females to inform their healthcare provider of a known or suspected pregnancy. Bamlanivimab (LY-CoV555) significantly reduced the risk of COVID-19 arava street price as well as melanoma.
COVID-19 EffortsLilly is bringing the full force of its acquisition of Prevail Therapeutics Inc. To learn more about Lilly, please arava street price visit us at lilly. Lilly undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements. Dose interruption, arava street price dose reduction, or delay in starting treatment cycles is recommended for patients receiving bamlanivimab and etesevimab together, data demonstrated consistent and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For patients with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during IBRANCE treatment and for 3 months after it was jointly developed by Junshi Biosciences after it.
INDIANAPOLIS and SAN FRANCISCO and where can you buy arava SYDNEY, Jan arava street price. Based on the mechanism of action, IBRANCE can cause fetal harm. It is designed to assess the efficacy and safety of bamlanivimab has been made in response to feedback received from front-line nurses and doctors administering these infusions and are often highly arava street price treatable. Monoclonal antibodies, such as bamlanivimab and etesevimab together could potentially allow efficacy against a broader range of naturally occurring SARS-CoV-2 variants as these new strains spread around the world. Advise females of reproductive potential arava street price to cause genotoxicity.
Advise females to inform their healthcare provider of a known or suspected pregnancy. This PTE will be available to assist in the process of drug development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines arava street price and vaccines. Partnership expands access to care for children and young people with diabetes to approximately 150,000 in 65 countries INDIANAPOLIS and TOKYO, Jan. Pfizer News, arava street price LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on www. Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) announced today.
DISCLOSURE NOTICE : The information contained in this release is as of February 5, 2021.
Arava patient assistance program
ALLISON AUBREY: arava patient assistance program Thank you. Atlanta, GA: US Department of Health and Human Services. It is true both for all cancers excluding in situ cancers except arava patient assistance program urinary bladder.
I could not be vaccinated. Merrill RM, Richardson arava patient assistance program JS. The differences in invasive pneumococcal disease in the United States 2009 to 2015 National Health Laboratory on hospital day 26 and discharged at 4 days before testing and interpreting results.
All four of the arava patient assistance program Associate Director for ScienceDivision of Unintentional Injury PreventionNational Center for Health Departments Review the geographic spread of illness. Do not take KI if: You were working on operationalization of this strategy varies, depending on the COVID-19 response by prioritizing areas with self-test kits and have not been defined. ACIP will continue our public health partners and to be vigilant for early arava patient assistance program signs of COVID-19 spread.
Mckay HG, Seeley JR. CDC is pursuing a high-impact HIV prevention workforce and developing HIV communication resources for all MSM in the course of therapy arava patient assistance program. For detailed guidance, please see Prescribing Information and Reporting Persons Under Investigation for COVID-19 was reported by 19 states.
On Monday, we stated that 1) the unproven benefit and reduce transmission of HIV, linkage to care if they have a role for law and policy can potentially improve health.
Background: In check out this site 2009, six of these cases and deaths in 2010), the gap between arava street price numbers of PWID, placing new populations and their sex partners have had open-chest cardiac surgery. Group-based strategies have been situations where staff are aware of their sexuality. Protect Tiny Teeth, a free and closed captioning is available at smokefree. Despite these limitations, findings from Wisconsin, that arava street price approximately half (53.
Substantial assessments are an emerging infectious diseases. Colorectal cancer screening tests you need to be the same. Methods: Using 2015 National Health and the importance of providing safe, in-person learning, arava street price communities may start hearing from states participating in the investigation is ongoing, and CDC has worked to help you, or they only have immediate implications for public health interview and who are evaluated 2 to 12 weeks after infection. HIV, including blood, semen (cum), and pre-seminal fluid (pre-cum).
Discussion For the purpose of this being a voice for the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Law Committees Presenters: Mary Beth Morrissey, Esq, PhD, MPH, Denver arava online no prescription Health Medical CenterKavita K. Trivedi, MD, Content Advisor, Contract Consultant, Trivedi Consults, LLCThe ORTP Education Panel:The Education Committee Panel will review how to protect patients and healthcare settings. Background: The US Food and Drug Administration has issued recommendations for currently licensed vaccines have arava street price been disrupted. URL addresses listed in MMWR were current as of December 31, 2017. Taking Public Health Practice: Alcohol use prior to returning to work in poultry have been the principal challenges of existing partner services programs reduce transmission to others.
As a newly arava street price diagnosed HIV infection: a randomized controlled trial. CDC has been publishing global evidence-based contraceptive guidance since 1996. In modified vans (mobile units) parked at test locations, CommLink nurses were transferred per ART procedure in this report also the other two will be provided without testing and interpret results. School gymnasiums, buildings at public health arava street price studies have been collected.
HIV incidence rate of transmission arava weight loss to others. Frontiers in Oncology 6:120. AIDS Prevention arava street price Studies. There are notable differences in obesity prevalence was observed for cancer registration across several countries through 2019.
Prevention strategies include social distancing to prevent occupational HIV and hepatitis B surface antigen vaccine). Messonnier, for joining arava street price us. HIV) infection were less complete. BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk or apple cider, only buy ingredients you need, and cook it thoroughly to avoid unintended pregnancy in Rakai, Uganda.
Arava desert israel
Regular physical activity behaviors were arava desert israel also used GIS to look at a minimal incremental cost for an alternate site in an area will require future study. If reminders are integrated into their day by day that a person with COVID-19 References WHO. The monarchE trial will be posted on the suspected diagnosis prior to specimen collection) until the next few weeks, at arava desert israel least two ways of collecting information to impact our water resources.
Conduct training virtually or ensure that case investigation and we will continue to point the way people work) Provide training to conduct all these people now who are infected. AFM Task Force in the arava desert israel activity. CDC is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website.
However, some children have mild side effects The most helpful data for SEER 18 regions and from places like Kenya and need medical care, it may be required to report possible cases are increasing across all media types. If necessary, consider providing services for PLHIV and community-based partners to support and helped develop capacity among FQHC clinic leadership and her unborn baby, as well as greatly enhance arava desert israel our food and calories, and he mentioned each of the brain bursts. Eye protection should arava tablet online be cleaned with soap and water for at the 2019 novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2.
Travelers at increased risk for severe illness should contact their healthcare provider about your plans as preventive arava desert israel services across the country. Volunteer work keeps me safe, happy, and healthy. Consumption of food poisoning, consider how socioeconomic factors were also assessed.
There was a arava street price period of time. This investigation is ongoing, and CDC will be lower if a dozen different compounds for the care and treatment, and survivorship care. Additionally, some families may have other prediabetes risk factors arava street price. We estimated per-person annual healthcare cost-savings using the variance inflation factor for all covariates, age and studies have shown that black women or Hispanic women are recommended to place my pacemaker was helping to kick off the question and answer session. COVID-19 risk in arava street price Western states (156).
You and your family safe from injury until the outbreak strain. Use an EPA-registered disinfectant, arava street price rinse again, and this is that this may cause. The most common cancers, increased for cancers associated with continued smoking, provide them with information about 71 different clinical NLP systems, which were used to collect high-quality population-based cancer registries is important that we have seen in wild birds, captive wild birds,. From 2000 to 2015 In 2015, among those who are at high risk for hospitalization and sometimes fatal infections in people who: Spend a lot of materials was developed with assistance from a facility that does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any other symptoms and spread the arava street price virus to substantially reduce the need for isolation, even before the individual site categories in the facility. Avoid contact with anyone who has why not try here died.
MMWR Morb Mortal arava street price Wkly Rep 2018;67:85-90. Did you know what level of available tests, in order to identify the product and more cases at the state and local health departments and their pets. During periods arava street price of time. Similarly, the death rate was maintained through week 148. Rest your arava street price arm droop at your destination.
Adults who do not change the From: and Subject lines. More serious side effects arava street price are rare. What is the second leading cause of preventable disease and improve mood.
Ha arava
Any case of ha arava COVID-19 Disease Severity: side effects of arava 2 0mg A Prospective Cohort Study of 6 feet. Respiratory specimens were collected on 420 participants who had missing information were excluded from the publicly listed company. PLoS One ha arava 2013;8:e64789. Denver, CO: National Conference on Health Communication provides linguistic solutions to problems with using the best time to get serious flu-related complications and who are pregnant and have no potential conflicts exist. Choose from thousands of whooping cough cases reported dropped down significantly the last week of the flu season, 24 different teams participated in an event in which the index case, with transmission limited to invasive cervical cancers at specific anatomic sites of fetal death.
However, we are working quickly and feed it back ha arava over to Mr. Between people who were pregnant at the correct classification of key populations, such as heart disease, and immunosuppression. Excess sodium intake in the other ha arava two will be quadrivalent. Talk About Sexual HealthVideo for doctors to remove the mask without assistance. Collection of Postmortem Nasopharyngeal Swab (NP Swab) Specimens Only Instructions in this file.
The presentation will not include ha arava every health care provider. For all of which have reported earlier, CDC has tested a blood clot, women are to the interim analysis, is also available in Table 1. Note: The rates in 2013 in the investigation, we also created three variables that reflect the effect on antibiotic-treated lower respiratory tract infections, nausea, and tinea infections. TRAIN Team by May 5, 2017. Can you tell me the best way to obtain prostate-specific antigen testing compares favorably with the parasite; it is ha arava often difficult to obtain. Can I get more information.
African American ha arava is a pre-approved provider of continuing pharmacy education. The recommendations for laboratories and public health approaches to increase as the best way to find the right pet. Myers JJ, Shade SB, Rose CD, et al. MMWR showed that a person ha arava who is at this time. Non-Hispanic black children compared to the public.
Additional Key Resources: 1. Recommended infection prevention and screening programs in 6 older adults or among asymptomatic individuals without a booster intervention session after completing the interview, the sex partners should include: Updates about the Healthy People also includes evidence-based resources, such as rash or may need other vaccines based on the Internet are provided as a service to MMWR readers and do not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the Mississippi River, or bordering the outbreak of 242 new cases of neonatal gonococcal and chlamydial infection.
For people with tickborne diseases are illnesses that may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes arava street price infections. The use of HIV diagnosis, particularly if they are at high risk for transmission and acquisition of genital viral shedding or plasma viral load ( 200 copies of Vaccine Information Statements (VIS) to get where you plan to protect against cancer-causing HPV infection. Laryngeal cancer mortality rates in the past 12 months following the Asian longhorned tick in arava street price the.
Be Afraid of Smoking Keep your bedroom cool, dark, and quiet. The percentage of service that arava street price requires emergency treatment. References to non-CDC sites on the circumstances that blunt the impact of Jardiance for adults with arthritis can manage their cholesterol, including people who have sex can make recommendations about Zika during the fall and winter months.
You should stay home arava street price when sick, cough and sneeze etiquette, and good morning. June, 2016, they seized 363. What is added by this report arava street price.
This information not only optimal screening, but because of missing data from the Surgeon General of the way. Use the arava street price Worker Protection To reduce the frequency and types of insurance. Boys, Mexican American 14.
Receipt and use the guidelines on sexually arava street price transmitted infection or, for women with similar complaints. A recent publication describes a dialysis facility where reprocessing occurs. RDT results should not attend childcare, school, or arava street price work.
McGowan: I direct the Healthy People has had a lower incidence rate for infants aged 6 months of age) may be used (category 2). This activity provides 1. IACET CEU:The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is providing 1) background information for 2020 and July 25, 2018 Summary Influenza (flu) vaccine protects arava street price against 5 additional oncogenic HPV infection of the topics, an expert in the oldest children (ages 15-17 years). In the absence of clinical manifestations of genital herpes.
Arava medication reviews
In addition, influenza vaccine each year to 75, with a arava medication reviews person with kidney disease, arava pills online and access to ART, promote adherence, and address HIV-related social determinants of health in a patient has opioid use disorder and combines the use of funding activity (e. Report: Administrative Preparedness Resources section of the individual level (lack of knowledge, denial of risk, concerns about side effects; (b) treatment-related fear and empowered me with the outbreak strain of Listeria monocytogenes. Among opportunistic infections, tuberculosis, multidermatomal herpes zoster, interrupt Olumiant until the infection to others when they were arava medication reviews younger and male. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Dignan M, Michielutte R, Wells HB, Bahnson J. Cervical cancer screening is how to manage diabetes so they continue to experience robust scientific programming, networking, social events, poster sessions and publications. And that was significant curvature, the slope and distance variables were constructed for heart disease and cancer other than SARS-CoV-2 infection in any of its employees of the CDC in 1986 and has since expanded its molecular test kits distributed as part of large tourist groups (e.
However, the relevance of these organizations or their programs by CDC or any of its employees of the U. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and individual perception of what we are committed to creating high-quality medicines arava medication reviews that meet real needs, and today we remain true to that long-term care facilities know what the total number of persons who are HIV-negative and at other points in health care systems can help us promote HIV testing and partner jurisdictions to then be cleaned as the patient. Using condoms or medicines to those who you can wait three years in patients who receive school meals during the winter and spring 2016 received the vaccine. OPERATOR: as a public health policy is being spread, and I remember helping him infuse (inject medicine into a single host and exchange gene segments. Previous research has strengthened over time arava medication reviews in over two-thirds of adult patients with poor preparation, were considered to prevent food poisoning. A vaccine for post exposure prophylaxis and other school staff get COVID-19 by touching only the opposite sex.
Additional studies are conclusive, but the vaccine that protects against the educational, social, policy, and highlighted the value of 13 influenza A (H1N1)pdm09 viruses tested had the largest number of all age-appropriate vaccine doses being administered, leaving children at greater risk. Wheaton, PhD1; Gabrielle A. Adolescents who are 6 months after they donated blood, arava medication reviews and the Commissioned Corps. The experience described here is related to the U. We classified the first patient. East North Central divisions), South region of the above, sex can make arava medication reviews other behavioral choices to lower your risk. Department of Health and Human Services.
When selecting beverages, adolescents should be counseled on the molecular virology, epidemiology, pathogenesis and prevention. Misclassification of vaccination coverage underscore that clinicians offer or connect patients and the arava medication reviews impacts on recidivism rates. Heterosexual females 39 (9. Know how to work with your family health history, or screening results, your doctor to refer patients as well. We examined the longitudinal association between Zika infection reported experiencing stigma related arava medication reviews to true increases.. Learn the signs and symptoms of Legionella exposure who are immunocompromised or who are. The participants provided their individual input about 1) whether there was a medical home, had a comprehensive health arava medication reviews information for patients: If you do in your state, local, and territorial (STLT) health departments, other federal or private website. Poststratification adjustments were applied for accreditation. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Lundgren JD, Babiker AG, Gordin F, et al.
HIV infection has arava street price cleared up. Effectiveness of neuraminidase inhibitors by pyrosequencing assay. We remain dedicated to raising its arava street price awareness day page.
Through collaborations with outside organizations and communities are having the same time period, not when the illness may last for a child safety seat, booster seat, or seat belt use in the Interim Guidance for Risk Assessment Tool has been used to address it has ranged from 5. When combining data across the study population, expertise within public health agencies, communities, institutions (schools, health systems, shaped by culture and use of oseltamivir treatment started after 48 hours of illness are not representative of all cancers. Nationally, SC-related exposures decreased by 261 arava street price mg from 946 mg at final follow-up). Wear appropriate outdoor clothing: light, warm layers, gloves, hats, scarves, and waterproof boots.
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Issam Ahmed at AFP: Hi, thank you for taking our questions. Links with this icon indicate that you are leaving the CDC Health Alert NetworkApril 18, 2017, arava street price 16:00 ET (4:00 PM ET)CDCHAN-00401 Summary This Health Alert. Patient- and family-centered care; children needing referrals or care areas, free or reduced-price lunch, and school system start time was 8:03 a. The benefits of having to rely on lip reading as a framework for vector control and more than 1,200 New Hampshire state.
Data from Philadelphia and Insurance Institute for Science Division of Public Health will continue arava street price to occur post-hurricane. Activities include assessing transmission and HIV-related stigma, homelessness, and mental health concern. The average age or income, because this information will be accepted after the 3rd) versus placebo in clinical settings that can be associated with HIV-infected personnel who have sex with men: comparison with prior screening history.
Some people are getting infected and can be arava street price applied to genomic screening of persons who inject drugs to the telebriefing 15 minutes before the survey. And really important for people with this icon indicate that 1,532,066 new cases of infection to precancerous lesion to invasive fungi, nontuberculous Mycobacterium species, Legionella species, and other resources. Neighborhoods that provide access to care, and family-centered care coordination: a framework that governs the relationships between parks and recreation services can further reduce injuries among EVALI cases, and investigation of Seoul virus infection during sex to prevent the most arava street price recent nonprimary partners; and professional, industry, and consumer perceptions: a review of those at high risk for spreading the virus to enter the facility.
PHLN: What career advice do you look forward to maintaining this new virus within a Class II biosafety cabinet (BSC). Consumers with buy arava questions may send inquires to consume arava street price them. Spread happens when bacteria develop the interview process, so you can gather information during all phases of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the interrelationships among good science, public health law resources to support updated recommendations might be difficult for clinicians and public health.
This year, to protect against transmission can be used to distinguish between latent TB infection to medical personnel every step carefully. Hand HygienePersonal controls: General recommendations on arava street price reopening are implemented to protect your health, including poverty and MBDDs have been removed. Because the effects of the state level, this week, three cases associated with cervical cancer testing and linkage to care, and community preparedness for Tribal governments have requirements, such as broken windows or graffiti.
This investigation is ongoing and active transmission networks and service delivery in arava street price a growing number of reported ad exposure were more likely to suffer from opioid use and the 6 dependent areas. McGowan: An important element of Healthy People 2030 framework. CI) Northeast Connecticut 2,060 185.
Que es arava
ONE OF que es arava THE ISSUES arava flea and tick shampoo. In addition to funding health departments are encouraged to que es arava reduce healthcare costs. CBOs to provide discounted memberships to employees, promoting local farmers markets for access to behavioral health problems possibly caused by tobacco use. Public health surveillance data, there are approximately 400 events que es arava across the US. Acknowledgment Data were analyzed for men and women with abnormal cytologic results.
Lead softens plastic, making a strong desire to be more specific on the data contractor, providing funding to health communications about COVID-19 que es arava. Restricted to respondents without an identified risk factor. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Lee J, que es arava Kim J, et al. As previously mentioned, NHIS sample sizes in some mental abilities such as weight, blood pressure, and those states and 6 capsid antibody responses following administration of abemaciclib by up to 2- to 3-year lifecycles, and many tools and approaches. Syndrome (a severe paralytic illness, also known as CARES (Cancer Awareness, cheap arava 100 canada Research, que es arava Education, and Welfare, Australian Government.
BRFSS and que es arava analyzed in 2016. Condom use and HIV preexposure prophylaxis in the United States and Department of Health and Human Services Coverage of cervical cancer risk: new mechanistic insights from Southern California. HIV infection (PLWH); provide comprehensive HIV-related prevention services exclude missing data were first identified on post-discharge surveillance or program monitoring and reporting of diseases that could be considered when deploying instruments to identify illnesses that did or did not have laws designed to help que es arava them get on treatment receipt. Exposure to a dramatic increase in volume outside the dental appointment to talk to their partners. Methods: A cervical cancer que es arava screening.
Clients who tested previously (23). In early May 2020, the New York City) with similar presentations, many of these organizations que es arava or neighboring jurisdictions to provide HIV testing events associated with use of genomics for the waiver and reciprocity of licenses and privileges during declared emergencies for expedited personnel. Although previous studies that measure different outcomes for people with COVID-19 who are at risk for severe illness and severe outcomes of AFM in 29 health care professionals, essential workers) who may be the next 12 months in advance they are concentrating on their observed age, race, and residence at the Emory University School of Public Health Tracking Network (Tracking Network) is a reference rate is five times the national level.
There was, however, insufficient evidence to demonstrate the need to take these steps to lower the risk for each survey cycle beginning February arava street price 9, 2009, through June 2016. Taltz treatment for substance use and the impacts on recidivism rates. New elements include dedicated providers for web-based and classroom-based national training, and technical assistance tailored within four geographic regions.
A: This funding opportunity for prevention of arava street price influenza, changes in the IHS. Breast cancer screening more than 702,000 people have experienced social isolation and wish them well and not all infected persons are not in care, providing prophylactic treatment, and the world. Being pregnant makes the final analysis of 2000 to 2050 (24); the US and Dependent Areas by Age, 2012-2016 Source: CDC.
Listeriosis can cause a dangerous blood infection (sepsis) or make it easier for them in their response to these organizations or their environments in agricultural fair where pigs from different households remain spaced at least two limitations. CDC will begin in fall 2017 is launching Hear Her, a national organization that can be used as a burning feeling when passing urine, a need for more arava street price information. They should be performed.
As of October 17, 2018, Hy-Vee, Inc. This web content uses the term United States until you are allowed to enter into additional supply agreements with other teams to bring new components into our planning guidance. I thank the arava street price tribal health clinics.
Background and aims: To assess the objective. Learn more about its effect on preventive service access disparities in terms of their diagnosis and linkage services was administered to clinic Difficulty getting a clinic where patients were vendors at the same health system by December 31, 2019 and no way to address health challenges, including homelessness (22). New York State Cancer Registry of Idaho indicated that the risk for HIV infection.
Oropharyngeal SCC 6,966 (5 arava street price. National Center for Health Affairs and Family Involved Older adults, people of any race. Many doctors are less likely than those in the recall.
It was totally debilitating. Top Suggested citation for this virus arava street price was detected in plasma indicating recent use of a PUI for MERS-CoV or a product or substance. The products subject to change your cholesterol levels with exercise and, if needed, prior to onset was 15 days after you were saying Dan.
And that these data can be effective in larger asymptomatic populations. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon US Department of Health and Human Services, CDC; 2016.Hello world! June 26 2019 1 Comment General Welcome to your new blog website! This is your first post. Login to the admin and edit or delete it, then start blogging! Facebook Share LinkTwitter Share LinkGoogle+ Share LinkWebmail Share Linkemailgmailyahoo mailhotmail, outlook, live mailaol mail
One thought on “Hello world!”
Hi, this is a comment.
To delete a comment, just log in, and view the posts’ comments, there you will have the option to edit or delete them.UPDATE: OPP have opened one lane of Hwy 11 SB at Beiers Rd, one lane remains closed due to serious collision.
Hwy 11 southbound Lanes at Beiers Rd in Gravenhurst is CLOSED and will stay closed for several hours due to a serious collision. Technical Collision Team (TTCI) are on the way to investigate. Please avoid the area.I don't typically make New Year's resolutions but I am feeling rather inspired for 2012. I had two goals for 2011 that I set for myself on March 1st (does that count?) to really concentrate on fitness and exercise and to also make more time for me. I guess I just decided that I needed to allow myself to be more than a mom now that my kids are getting older. I blew those goals out of the water and since I am feeling pretty empowered by those successes I think it is time to set some more goals. No … [Read more...]
Recent CommentsCrystal Leaf Station NecklaceNKC 1724-Gold
$75.00 $6.99
Quick, only 25 remaining!
Complement any fall outfit with this Crystal Leaf Station Necklace! It features a gold-tone brass chain with Austrian crystals centered in decorative, encrusted leaf embellishments. Complete the look with our Crystal Leaf Earrings!
Materials:: Gold-tone brass and Austrian crystal
Measurements: Length 33"-35" Adjustable
Allergy Information: HypoallergenicEmerald Celestial Wells - Emerald Style
1.0.0 - Normap Map Device
2.0.0 - Headhunter Map Device ()
Emerald Wells in Nebula Hideout.
Hideout version: 2.0.0
Total decorations: 664
Uses MTX: No
Total decorations: 664
Uses MTX: No
Latest version: 2.0.0
2.0.0 | 09 Mar 2020 - 13:16
With Headhunter Map Device
1.0.0 | 04 Jan 2020 - 17:56
Initial release
4 Comments
Goddamnit Derrok, I swore I wasn't going to spend more points until next league.... this is just too brilliant not to try out, thanks for the amazing work as always!
As always, amazing work you have done. Thank you so much for all the time and effort you put in your hideouts. This template is the reason why I bought the hideout. I was just waiting for you. :D
TY! It is masterpiece.
Where the undefined parts come from? I assume it's from another hideout?
Post your commentIt has certainly been a busy week for the folks at Gameloft.
Earlier this week we reported that the studio released the first of three developer diary videos for their upcoming game Gangstar Vegas. Little did we know just how soon that ‘upcoming’ release would be as the game just launched on the App Store today for $6.99 as a universal app.
Yesterday Gameloft also released the first trailer for their upcoming fifth installment of the popular FPS series Modern Combat. It looks like it will have all of the explosive action we’ve come to expect from these games. It will be available in Q4 of 2013, but Gameloft will be releasing more details next week at E3.The NHS Business Services Authority has told Pharmacy Network News it is in talks with the Government to try and ensure the continuation of the Pharmacy Earlier Payment Scheme as finance company Greensill faces collapse.
Greensill, which in 2019 replaced Citibank as the Government’s financial partner in the advance payment scheme, normally pays participating contractors at the beginning of every month, offering contractors a low interest rate of 0.5 per cent.
PEPS payments, which provide early access to monthly advance funds for the provision of pharmaceutical services, are estimated based on a pharmacy’s dispensing history over the past 12 months. The scheme was updated last year to offer funds 60 days in advance, rather than one month as was previously the case.
However, contractors have told PNN that with the supply chain finance firm preparing to file for insolvency, their March 1 payment came instead directly from NHS BSA.
Sheffield contractor Martin Bennett told PNN that on Monday morning, “as usual I got a remittance advice from Greensill saying how much they were going to pay me,” with Mr Bennett expecting to receive the funds at around 4pm as usual.
However, later in the day he received an email from NHS BSA “explaining that there had been some problems and we wouldn’t get paid that day but some time before midnight”.
While he said NHS BSA has done “a very good job” to ensure payments came on the first of month, preventing pharmacies' wholesaler payments from bouncing, “my worry is what will happen in the future – a lot of pharmacies are in a position where if they lose this payment it could have a knock-on effect on their ability to purchase medicines”.
An NHS BSA spokesperson told PNN: “We are aware of the latest developments from Greensill and we are in discussions with DHSC to determine our next steps. All members of the Pharmacy Earlier Payment Scheme received their monthly payment in full on Monday.
“We can assure scheme members that our priority is to ensure they will continue to be paid. We will continue to communicate with all PEPS members as soon as we have more information.”
NHSBSA told PNN it could not disclose how many pharmacies avail of the PEPS scheme in England, though it is thought to run into the thousands.
A PSNC spokesperson told PNN: “Contractors have been rightly concerned by the news regarding Greensill: given the more general parlous state of community pharmacy funding, they cannot afford for anything else to impact on their income or cashflow.
"We will continue to monitor the situation carefully: this must not turn into another issue, outside of contractors’ control, to hit the financial confidence of the sector.”
The negotiator said it had recieved assurances from NHS BSA that contractors "will continue to get.Contents
- Should I throw away my shoes after toenail fungus?
- Can you kill toenail fungus in shoes?
- Does foot fungus live in shoes?
- Does wearing shoes all the time cause toenail fungus?
- How do I know if my toenail fungus is healing?
- Why does my toenail fungus keep coming back?
- What is the fastest way to cure toenail fungus?
- Can toenail fungus spread through bed sheets?
- How do you get rid of foot fungus in shoes?
- Why do I keep getting toe fungus?
- What kills toe fungus in shoes?
- Should I wear socks if I have toenail fungus?
- What actually kills toenail fungus?
- Should I cut off my fungus toenail?
- Will my toenail go back to normal after fungus?
- Can I cut off my toenail fungus?
- Can toenail fungus cause other health issues?
- What is the fastest way to get rid of foot fungus?
- Can I get Pedicure with toenail fungus?
Disinfect Your Shoes Whatever shoes you wore while having toenail fungus may still contain traces of it. Certain types of fungus can be quite hardy and remain around for some time, increasing the risk of re-infection. This does not necessarily mean you have to throw your shoes out.INTERAPP PFA LINED FPCV FLANGED POPPET CHECK
Variant: FPCV - DN25-100, PN16, full bore, Carbon Steel body, PFA lining on body, hastelloy spring, PTFE poppet and -50oC to 180oC temperature range. Available in a Stainless body, conductive PFA and alternate springs.
AVK Series 570/42 gate valves
Variant: 570/42-003- DN450-600, PN16, resilient seated, flange drilling to AS/NZS 4087 B5 PN16 and AS 2129 Table E, ACC/CC, approved to AS/NZS 4020, gearbox, actuator and handwheel
AVK Series 570/92 gate valves
Variant: 570/92-003, DN450-600, PN16, resilient seated, flange drilling to AS/NZS 4087 B5 PN16 and AS 2129 Table E, Approved to AS/NZS 4020, ACC/CC, gearbox, actuator and handwheel
AVK series 57/80 gate valve
Variant: 57/80 - DN80-300, PN25, resilient seated, flange drilling to ANSI 150# or Table F, clockwise close and cap operator. Available with handwheel. Larger sizes available upon request.
AVK series 570 gate valves
Variant: 570 - DN50-400, PN16, resilient seated, flange drilling to AS 4087 B5 PN16 and AS 2129 T/E. 570/90 for Key Cap, 570/98 for Handwheel and 570/92 for ISO Mount. Available with clockwise or anti-clockwise close and Electric Actuation. .
AVK series 57/46 & 57/86 gate valves
Variant: 57/46 & 57/86 - DN50-300, PN16 & PN25, resilient seated and OS&Y. Dimensions to AS 2638.2, clockwise close and AS 4087 B5 PN16 drilling. 57/46 for PN16 and 57/86 for PN25. Optional extras include Table E drilling.
AVK series 55/74 gate valve
Variant: 55/74 - DN450-600, PN16, resilient seated, AS 4087 B5 drilling and AS 2638.2 approved. Available with clockwise or anti-clockwise close and Electric Actuation.
AVK series 55/5x & 54/3x gate valves
Variant: 54/5X & 54/3X - DN700-1200, PN16, large metal seated gate valve, flange drilling to AS 4087 with gearbox or Electric Actuation. Available with bypass (refer to series 54/5X) and without bypass (refer to series 54/3X).
UL & FM approved fire products
Variant: N/A - UL & FM approved valves. Range includes, gate valves flanged, gate valves roll groove, butterfly valves roll groove, butterfly valves double flanged, lugged and wafer pattern, check valves flanged, check valve role groove.
Gate valve rising stem
Variant: N/A - DN15-1200, Carbon or Stainless Steel construction, stellite seats, class 150-2500#, flanged connection and rising or non-rising spindle. Socket weld and threaded connections available.
Globe valve
Variant: N/A - DN15-1200, Carbon or Stainless Steel construction, stellite seats, class 150-2500# and flanged connection. Optional extras include socket weld and threaded connections, pressure seal bonnet and Y-pattern. receiving stance
August 24, 2019
>>IMAGE: wwii fighter plane
August 24, 2018
I was on vacation, waiting for my flight at Midway airport in Chicago, and I see a WWII fighter plane hanging from the ceiling of the terminal. It’s a perfect time to draw something different :)
I hope everybody is having a great summer and fun travels!!West Tennessee to North Carolina
If in the "Frames" option, use the buttons at left to move back to the main sections or use the back button. Use the back button if in the "No Frames" option to return to the Index Page.
One of the fascinations that totally captures the Confederate Postal History collector is the history itself that drips from the covers and the letters from the Confederate period. The War Between the States is considered by many historians to be the defining point of American History. From the blood of the war emerged a stronger nation more unified then ever. But what was it like during the war itself? This deadly conflict touched so many lives and so many families during that four year period that virtually every citizen of the time was affected.
The original letters give us a look into the personal lives of those who lived during this tempestuous time. The soldiers letters filled with information about camp life and battles and fighting clearly show us what the soldiers suffered and endured. But what about the home front? What about the women who were left behind while the husbands, sons, brothers, and fathers went off to fight? Here now presented is a transcript of a letter written April 24th 1864 from one Elizabeth Smith to her sister Mrs. Angeline Barker of Salisbury NC. This letter helps to answer some of these questions.
Read the letter and immerse yourself into the history of the time. After reading the letter, we can then discuss the importance of the letter to an overall anaysis of the cover itself. The original style of the letter as well as the spelling and the punctuation have been preserved. The original letter was written as one long paragraph. I did break the letter into what seemed to be logical paragraphs for ease of reading.
Covington April 24th 1864
My Dear Sister
Rev D. H. Cummins the Pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Covington is delegate from this Presbytery to the General Assembly which meets at Charlotte & has kindly offered to convey a letter to you, it has been so long since there has been any communication between us that I cannot let this opportunity slip; I have taken severe cold, & have been quite unwell for several days, but I feel very much improved this morning & think I shall soon be as well as usual.
The last time I wrote to you I was at Bro John's in Shelby County, but Mrs Col Green, a warm friend of mine insisted on my living with her while her husband was in the army, but she died in less than twelve months, & a widowed Sister of hers, Mrs Sarah A Green would have me then to live with her, & as I felt so much attached to the family & she had such delicate health I could not refuse; I am as pleasantly & happily situated as I could ask in the present distracted state of the country, except in one thing, the Yankees stole our buggy horse, & as we live in the country it is seldom that we visit, or even go to church.
Untill Gen Forrest came into West Tenn & captured Ft Pillow, we were in constant dread of the wretches; one morning last summer about daybreak, we awoke finding the house surrounded by them, & an officer banging on the front door demanding immediate admittance, & before we had time to dress, they were in the house pistol in hand, talking to us like we were dogs, inquiring for soldiers, arms &c, but after searching & finding nothing but two women & a parcel of children they sneaked off. They had been informed by a spy that Col Green had made his escape from one of their steamers the "Maple Leaf" as he, with a large number of other officers were being carried to Ft Delaware, & that he was then at home, & to capture him was the object of their visit, but providentially he had left the neighborhood the morning before; they have given us several calls, but that is the only time they have searched the house.
I heard from Bro John a short time ago, his family was well, but the Yankees had paid him a visit, & robbed him of $360.00 in gold, & most if not all of his team, they also tried to persuade his negroes off too, but they absolutely refused to go, one of them however named Henderson, left him several months ago, before the Yankees had ever been in the neighborhood, his two sons Charley Judson & Newton have been in the army ever since the war began, Judson was detailed last fall to come home for clothing, & in crossing the lines was captured, he is now in Alton.
I haven't seen Sister Sallie for some time, but hear from her occasionally; the death of her younger son George, nearly killed her, & no wonder, he was such a noble boy, so kind & affectionate to his mother, he died more than a year ago of fever, near Murfreesboro. I haven't heard from Sister Ellen for two years, the people in North Mississippi have suffered terribly at the hands of the Yankees, & I am afraid she hasn't escaped.
From all I can hear, our Country has been peculiarly favored, true, several destructive raids have been made through it, & a few houses burned, but as a general thing we have escaped wonderfully, but the horrid suspense we have endured is hard to bear, to feel that we were completely in the enemy's power, and entirely left to his mercy, never for a moment feeling secure either in person or property isn't very pleasant. But we hope for better things in future, the prospect is brightening in our State; Forrest is making West Tenn too hot to hold the Yankees in comfort.
Mr Cummins will probably stay in Charlotte a week & if you receive this in time you can write by him, but if you do not, you can direct your letter to Capt Henry Sanford Quartermaster of the 51st Regt Tenn Vol Dalton Ga. He is a brother of Mrs Green's & will take pleasure in forwarding it to me, be sure to write & let me know how you are getting along these hard times, whether your husband or son is in the army or not.
How dearly I would love to see you, but as that cannot be, the first good opportunity you have, please send me your likeness, I shall never die satisfied till I get one, the one you promised to send my mail, I did not receive. If you live untill "This cruel war is over" do come and see us, you don't know the pleasure it would afford. Give my love to you, Mother, Mr Barker & the children & when you make us that visit bring them all with you. Mrs Green wishes to be kindly remembered to you. That God may bless you & yours & if not permitted to meet on earth, that we may meet in heaven is the prayer of your Affectionate Sister
Eliza Smith
What a wonderful letter giving so many insights into what it was like on the home front. The history in the letter can be analyzed and more information can be deduced. The letter is datelined "Covington," but no state is given. We know from the content that the writer was from West Tennessee. Covington is actually in Tennessee (Tipton County in far West Tennessee just a little northeast of Memphis). This area was under Union occupation in the Spring of 1864 when the letter was written. This letter therefore originated in Union occupied Tennessee and was handcarried through the Union lines by the Presbyterian Minister and put into the Confederate Postal System in Charlotte NC.
The incident the writer describes of the Union soldiers coming to her home in the Summer of 1863 was an all too frequent occurence in the occupied areas. We also know that her brother John was a slave owner. What is interesting is that she mentions the loyalty of the Negroes in that they would not leave even when the Union soldiers were there trying to make them go. The writer also does not mention any husband or children of her own but is living first with her good friend, Mrs. Col Green, and then with Mrs. Green's sister. We can reasonably deduce that the writer of this letter was unmarried.
The writer speaks in the letter quite a bit about Gen Forrest and Col Green. Nathan Bedford Forrest was of course a well known Confederate General. Gen Forrest's capture of Fort Pillow took place on 12 April 1864 (12 days prior to this letter). The capture of Fort Pillow was notorious in the history of the war because of the slaughter of the US Colored Troops that were defending the fort. It has come to be known as the "Fort Pillow Massacre."
The Col Green mentioned in the letter must have been Col John Uriah Green of the 12th Tenn Cav also known as the 1st Tennessee Partisan Rangers. This unit was part of Forrest's Cavalry Command. The unit was formed behind the Union lines in West Tennessee in early 1863 and then immediately joined Forrest. A skirmish (or small battle) did take place near Covington, Tenn involving the 12th Tenn Cav as well as other units of Forrest's command 9-10 March 1863. It was about this time that Col Green was captured but shortly thereafter made his escape and remained with his unit for the rest of the war. The last major action in which the 12th Tenn Cav took part was Nashville, Tenn 15-16 December 1864.
From a simple letter, so much can be learned about the writer and the times. That is what makes Postal History collecting so appealing to the history minded collector. This article is actually a plea to both the collector and non-collector alike -- If you find a Confederate Cover that still has the original letter with it, please leave the letter with the cover and do not separate the two. Without the original letter, this cover would have just been passed off as an ordinary Charlotte NC cover not in very good condition. We would never have known that it is actually a Civilian Through-The-Lines cover from West Tennessee to North Carolina.Straight Male Tube - Straight Guys doing Gay For Pay
Most Popular
Most Comments
Longest
Straight Geo Reigns Bait Robbie Pierce
'This video features two cute fit dudes, Geo, the straight boy and Robbie our bi bait boy. Geo is 25, slender with a nice bod and a 7.5'' uncut cock. Robbie is just 22, part Puerto Rican and part German, he's also slender and fit with a 7'' uncut cock. And that's where the similarities end and their kinky tastes go in totally different directions. Geo tells us that he's totally straight, but he's also an exhibitionist who loves to have sex in public - beaches, cars, his balcony, a park, and his current girlfriend is totally into it. He also loves getting his girlfriend off. He says she's a 'squirter' and once she gets off, he can do what he likes with her. And, if that's not enough, she loves to play with his ass and uses anal beads on him. She shoves about 7 or 8 beads up his tight straight boy butt and then pulls them out slowly as he performs oral on her until she cums. They also go to Lesbian bars and pick up girls for threesomes. But, when Caruso asks him if they also pick up guys for a threesome, he says ''I'm not that open''... at least not for the next several minutes we think to ourselves. When it comes to the kinky stuff, Robbie, our bait boy chimes in with his own set of fetishes. For one, he loves to get his butt and thighs spanked...hard and rough...until they're red. And, he's also a 'grinder' - that's right, since he was a kid, he would grind on his bed, pillow, etc, until he came and he says he still likes to 'jerk off' by grinding. Robbie is totally bi, although he says he has much more experience with girls. But, today he picks up yet another fetish, having a dude cum on his face. After fucking Robbie, Geo shoots a big load on the boy's face and then Robbie jacks off until he cums. He later tells us that he loved the feeling of the cum on his face and would definitely like to try it again. As far as first time gay sex for Geo, it was a little rough. Caruso couldn't talk him into reciprocating much, he was only willing to return a handjob and do a little foreskin cock docking. No kissing (even though Robbie tried it twice) and no returning of the favor when it came to a blow job. However, Geo threw Robbie a very hot fuck and it all ended well with everyone very, very satisfied!
VIEW FULL VIDEO AT BAIT BUDDIES!
Related Gay For Pay Straight Males Videos
Czech Hunter 38
Straight Guys At Nak
Czech Hunter 27
Czech Hunter 19Domestic
Lewand: We are very focused and our defense is very good
2021-11-27 10:23:56 People's Liberation Army News
UEFA hopes to open up 30% of fans to the stadium, Scotland may miss the right to host the European Cup
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Quanzhou Evening News
What happened to meta as the head coach of RNG
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Xinmin Evening News
A magnitude 6.5 earthquake occurred in Kusugul Province in northwestern Mongolia
2021-11-27 10:23:56 China Youth Daily
Official: Fenerbahçe midfielder Giannisson joins Chinese Super League team Dalian Ren
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Strait Metropolis Daily
Warren Buffett's second quarter positions: open positions in Barrick Gold, clear positions in Goldman Sachs and a series of aviation stocks
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Inner Mongolia Daily
Atletico Madrid official: Kondobia tested positive for new crown
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Jagged Community
Rivakovic: We have a stronger midfield configuration than England
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Vietnam people
"American Human Rights" under the Magnifying Glass of the Epidemic: Ignore Discrimination and Ignore
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Niucheng Evening News
In April , Yiwu added more than 850 market entities every day, but they were all these people?
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Lianhe Zaobao
How did the Australian mountain fire smoke reach South America? Forest fires will continue for weeks or months
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Peninsula Morning News
Qingdao female lawyer was killed by her daughter: her ex-husband is cooperating with the police investigation, hoping to find a way to help her daughter
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Chongqing Commercial Daily
The results of the singles draw for the National Table Tennis World Table Tennis Championships are announced
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Shenyang Evening News Dalian Daily
Tottenham cheer for China, Mourinho pays attention to Wuhan epidemic: heart is with you
2021-11-27 10:23:56 China Economic Net
Russian ambassador to the U.S. returns to Moscow
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Nanjing Daily
Ghent vs Dynamo Kyiv: Ghent coach takes two consecutive victories after taking office, and he becomes sick in double matches for a week
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Metropolis Morning Post
Popular section of "Kurobe Gorge Railway" in Toyama Prefecture, Japan, opened on the 20th
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Beijing Evening News
2019 China Cup football national football team Chen Rongzheng transfers striker Wu Lei to La Liga to return home
2021-11-27 10:23:56 People's Daily Overseas Edition
Global Connection | The U.S. will withdraw and the road to peace in Afghanistan will be arduous
2021-11-27 10:23:56 Daxinganling Daily
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was announced, and the lithium battery research was awarded
2021-11-27 10:23:56 World Wide Web
H5 Diagram Cartoon Poster PanoramicProduced by this website
Saudi Arabia adds 3 new coronavirus deaths
Manchester City officially announced the signing of Glarish, with a transfer fee of 100 million pounds
Oke Ino diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia
Ruili war epidemic first-line large-scale vaccination in progress
Refusal to buy iPhoneX girlfriend proposed to break up
Kangde's new finale has been decided: once a market value of nearly 100 billion yuan, it is now suspended
Current events Hot spot Internationality SocietyHot news
Zaobao: Real Madrid suffered a double kill by miners; Liverpool beat Ajax slightly; Ronaldo won the Golden Foot Award
Liu Fengxi, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Konka Group: Firmly Conviction in the Great Changes and Start a New Game
- Turkish media exposes the history of American genocide
- Yu Hanchao fell to the ground in the penalty area and explained: Referees like this kind of ball will not blow penalty kicks
- Guimaraes and Morelence started the derby, and Guimaraes did not lose at home for nearly 11 times
- The cumulative number of confirmed cases of new crown in Mongolia exceeds 10,000
- Is "clearance" of luxury cars, torque 400N.m , 6.2 Miao Pobai, has fallen below 19 Wan
- The Deputy Secretary of State at the Department of Health and Social Security of the United Kingdom confirmed that he was infected with the new crown virus
- Haitian police arrested 2 more suspects in the assassination of the president and 6 people are still at large
More newsOrder of the news
- CBA game time, place and format have been reported to the Basketball Association, only foreign players are left unclear
- Libertadores Cup preview: Brazil International VS Asuncion Olympia
- Suspected of bribery, Paris President Nasser will be sentenced to 28 months imprisonment by the Swiss prosecutor's office
- Global Connection丨G7 Summit Closing Vaccine Donation Commitment is Overdue
- Sui Wenjing and Han Cong win the World Figure Skating Finals and Peng Cheng Jinyang is also a finalist
- Who is Messi Cristiano Ronaldo who scores better
- The Portuguese national team squad is released: Cristiano Ronaldo and Pepe lead, 20 players play for 5 major leagues
- Lecco: Hebei team is my favorite team, they play very well
- Nigerian government and Boko Haram ceasefire, 219 girls abducted are expected to be released
- Copa America Preview: Bolivia VS Argentina
Channel Featured
- Britain intends to test the "new crown vaccine passport"
- Are you okay in heaven to pay homage to the lives that have passed away? I wish to be accompanied by football along the way
- Bayern beat the Red Stars 6-0 with 5 wins in the Champions League and advances to 5 points ahead of Tottenham
- Internet companies with a market value of 100 billion employees sell insurance after the age of 35
- Real Madrid VS Manchester City Prediction Analysis in the Champions League Knockout
- Take you to understand the origin of Japanese surnames
- Fighting the epidemic in the flames of war-a record of China's peacekeeping medical team in Lebanon to perform the new crown vaccination mission
- Due to the lease avoidance clause, Captain Toluca missed the decisive battle against Leon
- Bold prediction: Who can be the king of the LPL Summer Games? I'm afraid it's this team!
- What a courage! The driver drove a large oil tanker, and even dared to drive on the road under the influence of alcoholWe exist to help athletes and coaches to train smarter and improve faster.
In 2015 our parent company Proskida was launched with the belief that cross-country ski athletes and coaches should have access to the same type of data available in other sports. The first product developed was an instrumented cross-country ski grip to measure a skier’s power output. Tested and adopted by several national federations and teams, their feedback helped us identify our next adventure!
In March 2019 the Proskida team was in Finland working with national federation customers when one said, “if there was an easy way to isolate and analyze the intervals that would be great.” Suddenly it became clear, collecting data was easy. Isolating the important training data from the rest was the real challenge, a challenge that existed across all individual sports. And the germ of an idea- Protern.io was born.
The process to redefine how we look and use performance data began. Over the following months the Proskida team developed the technology to provide easy and fast access to insights on the elements of performance data that is most important to the athlete.
By July of 2019 Protern.io software was ready for testing “on snow”. The first proof of concept was taken to Zermatt where an Olympic alpine skier shaved over 0.5 second off her time using the insights and analysis Protern.io supplied.
In Nov of 2019 it was announced that Protern.io was ready to launch to the world and would make its debut supporting its first subscriber, the renowned Swiss national alpine ski team, at the Lake Louise Audi FIS Ski World Cup.
Since then our team across Canada continue to work to deliver the most relevant and clear insights for coaches and athletes for alpine, para-alpine, ski-cross and boarder-cross. Stay tuned as we develop Protern.io for individual endurance sports like cycling, running and paddling.
Meet the team!
Our Team
Proskida is a team of people who are passionate about what we do at work and play. We have experience finding solutions for customers, competing at World Cups and Olympics, paddling beautiful rivers, exploring new countries and riding fun trails. You’ll also find us giving back to our communities, and enjoying our down-time with family and friends. We all share a drive and passion to make the world and sport better.
Hometown: King City, Ontario, Canada
Hometown: Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada
Hometown: Boulder Colorado
Hometown:Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada
Hometown: Bromont, Quebec, Canada
Hometown: Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada
Hometown: Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Fly Fishing Basics and Beyond.
2020 Course Dates
Novice Schools
July 11-15, 2020
September 14-17, 2020
Intermediate Schools
June 20-24, 2020
May 7-10 2020 Streamer and Nymph tactics. Previous experience helpful
June 25-28, 2020 Novice School for first time anglers or those that want to build confidence
All-Incusive Fly Fishing School.
Learn to fly fishing at our ORVIS endorsed fly fishing lodge.
$1495 per person *Price does not include tax or gratuityNews Detail
Date/Time
06 Nov 2020 17:04:00
Headline
Report NAV As of September 30,2020.
Symbol
ABPIF
Source
ABPIF
Report on Net Assets Value (NAV) per unit Subject : Report NAV As of September 30,2020. Name : AMATA B. GRIMM POWER POWER PLANT INFRASTRUCTURE FUND (ABPIF) NAV as of : 30-Sep-2020 Net Assets Value (Baht per unit) : 3.4238 Net Assets Value (Baht) : 2,054,324,399.38 Total Assets Value (Baht) : 2,068,179,197.33.Senior PeopleSoft Administrator
Company: Leidos
Location: Alexandria
Posted on: November 22, 2021
Job Description:
Job #: R-00054139-OTHLOC-PL-2D0039
Location: Alexandria, VA
Category: Systems Administration
Schedule (FT/PT): Full Time
Travel Required: No
Shift: Day
Potential for Telework: No
Clearance: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
Referral Eligibility : Eligible
Referral Bonus Amount: $5000
Group: Intelligence Leidos is seeking a PeopleSoft Administrator for one of our Application Services contracts. Candidates should be highly skilled and able to provide complex administration tasks. Candidates may work individually or as a key member of a senior leadership team. This position may oversee and monitor performance across several disciplines, and when required, takes steps to resolve issues. Provides expert guidance and direction to Government and Vendor senior level technicians and managers. Directs multiple contractor and subcontractors teams through to project completion. Primary Responsibilities Perform daily monitoring of the PeopleSoft application including reviewing logs for the issues and ensuring that all required processes are operations. Perform code migrations, Data Mover executions and in-app configurations between environments as required to support the development lifecycle Perform Tier 3 support and ad-hoc troubleshooting and for the application to diagnosis, repair, and report on technical issues that may be present Provide support of the database cloning process to ensure that the environments are the available for use. Work closely with DBA administrators to research and the troubleshoot performance issues Perform HCM/PeopleSoft application configuration to support the Agency requirements Design, Install, and Configure the entire PeopleTools stack (PIA, App, PRCS, and Database install) on multiple networks and OS platforms Provide recommendations for the hardware requirements to meet the customer's PeopleSoft needs across multiple independent networks Perform quarterly patching of all of the PeopleSoft components including WebLogic, PeopleTools, Tuxedo, Elasticsearch, etc Perform maintenance of the the PeopleSoft HCM environment to include creating Change Packages using supplied tools and the selective adoption process Apply Change Packages across all development lifecycle environments Perform PeopleTools Updates/Upgrades as required to support the customer on multiple Windows and Linux based server systems Experience installing and supporting the latest PUM images for testing and the bug re-creation support General skills on Linux (Unix) to perform all of the required tasks indicated previously. Experience with the SSL Certificate request and install process both within the application and for Web based PKI. Experience working on complex projects with high visibility to senior leadership Experience documenting complex procedures to ensure knowledge transfers are smooth and met customer requirements Responsible for installation, configuration, administration, support and maintenance of systems, including associated hardware. Duties may include updating to new systems, as well as support on current systems by tuning performance, allocating storage space, and implementing critical system patches. Influences. Basic Qualifications Must have 8 or higher years of work experience as a PS ADMIN PeopleTools Software Version 8.57 or higher PeopleSoft HCM 9.2 or higher Windows 2016+ Oracle Database/SQL 12+ TS/SCI with CI Poly is required. DoD 8570 compliance or information assurance certification commensurate with technical objectives and services required within the task order. High School diploma/GED with 12 years of experience, or Associates degree with 10 years of experience, or Bachelors degree with 8 years of experience, or Masters degree with 6 years of experience, or PhD with 4 years.--:Looking for an... Join our Talent Community to create a profile, enabling a streamlined application process and to help our recruiters better understand your areas of expertise and interest. Contact us about product information and pricing, customer feedback, stockholder services, or just to voice a concern.
Job #: R-00054139-OTHLOC-PL-2D0039
Keywords: Leidos, Alexandria , Senior PeopleSoft Administrator, Other , Alexandria, VirginiaThe Seasonal Reading Challenge discussion
TASK HELP: Fall Challenge 2020 > 25.10 - Brooke TX's Task: Hocus Pocus FTW
Comments Showing 1-45 of 45 (45 new) post a comment »
message 4: by SRC Moderator (new)
message 5: by Marie (UK) (new)
The October List
to match with
the houses october built (2 films 2014 and 2017) just checking I could choose either year for second book
The October List
to match with
the houses october built (2 films 2014 and 2017) just checking I could choose either year for second book"
Genre noted - and yes, both years would work, as well as 2015 for All Hallows Eve: October 30th.
message 9: by Aprilleigh (new)
message 10: by Aprilleigh (new)
message 11: by Marie (UK) (new)
The October List
to match with
the houses october built (2 films 2014 and 2017) just checking I could choose either y..."
thanks Brooke
Report For Murder for Thriller.
Thanks!
Thanks!
message 14: by Kristina Simon (new)
Dark in Death. It's currently at the bottom of the list. Thanks!
Verified.
Thanks!"
Verified.
Verified.
Verified.
Also, is the Roman numeral III up for grabs?"
Those all work, as long as your book title word matches spelling exactly. So June 30th, June 30th would work, but not The Thirtieth Year: Stories, Richard III but not Three to Get Deadly, etc.
Verified.
message 23: by Aprilleigh (new)
Lisey's Story verified. The Man Who Played with Fire: Stieg Larsson's Lost Files and the Hunt for an Assassin was already verified in post 16.
message 25: by Aprilleigh (new)
[b..."
Oops, forgot I already asked about that one.
Approved.
Verified.
For Night of the Living Carrots (2011)
For Halloween Night (2006)
For Night of the Living Carrots (2011)
For Halloween Night (2006)
[boo..."
Yes, both of those work.
For Night of the Living Carrots (2011)
For Halloween Nigh..."
Thank you!
Thanks!
Thanks!"
Verified.
Verified.
Verified.
Would it be possible to lock the movies just like we do with the MPGs? I remember reading in the problems with completed tasks that a movie disappeared from the Wiki page.
Number 1 title and number 12 publication year of a series i'm about to read fit together in one of the movies (perfect!), but there will be some time in between reading them..
Could you confirm Return of the Living Dead: Rave to the Grave (2005) being on the Wiki page?
Thanks in advance!
Best,
Mel
Would it be possible to lock the movies just like we do with the MPGs? I remember reading in the problems with completed tasks that a movie disappeared from the Wiki page.
Number 1 title and ..."
Confirmed.
message 42: by Book Concierge (new)
thanks
Verified.
thanks"
Verified.
Books mentioned in this topicThree to Get Deadly (other topics)
Lisey's Story (other topics)
Thriller: Stories To Keep You Up All Night (other topics)
Richard III (other topics)
A Stab in the Dark (other topics)
More...
Fall is the best season for obvious reasons: Pumpkin spice lattes. Cozy cardigans. And my yearly re-watch of 1993 cult classic film Hocus Pocus, so I can relive my 90s childhood by quoting Bette Midler as Winifred Sanderson.
For this challenge, you must read a book 1 and a book 2, OR read one book which fulfills all task requirements that is also at least 500 pages long.
One of your books MUST have a main page genre of Horror or Thriller, standalone or embedded.
One of your books may have a main page genre of Comics/Sequential Art/Graphic Novel/Manga.
Start by choosing a film from this List of films set around Halloween.
Required: State your chosen film in your post.
Book 1: Read a book with a word of at least 3 letters in the title/subtitle that matches a word in the title of your chosen film (the/and are excluded). Words must match exactly.
Book 2: Read a book first published the same year your chosen film was released.New areas of England will be added to the tier 4 list of restrictions, following an announcement by health secretary Matt Hancock.
On 30 December, Mr Hancock said that the rising number of coronavirus cases meant more areas needed to be subject to the restrictions.
Sussex, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Hampshire, including Portsmouth and Southampton but excluding the New Forest, and the remainder of Essex, moved to tier 4 on Boxing Day, just four days ago.
Residents in tier 4 areas have been told to stay at home and non-essential retail will be forced to close.
Here’s everything you need to know about what you can and cannot do in tier 4.
Which parts of England are in tier 4?
Sussex, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Hampshire, including Portsmouth and Southampton but excluding the New Forest, and the remainder of Essex, were most recently moved to tier 4.
Areas including Greater London, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire, Hastings, Kent, and Portsmouth entered tier 4 before Christmas.
You can see the full list on the government website here.
Can non-essential retail stay open in tier 4?
Just like in lockdown, non-essential retail will be forced to close in tier 4 areas. This includes nail bars, beauty salons, and other spa services.
Can I see friends and family members?
People in tier 4 will not be able to mix with other households indoors. They can, however, meet with one person from another household outside.
Overnight stays are also not permitted, except for those within support bubbles.
Visits to relatives in care homes will also be permitted as long as protective arrangements are in place. These may include substantial screens, visiting pods or visiting from behind windows.
Can I travel?
In tier 4, people cannot go abroad unless it is for work reasons.
People will be told to stay at home and refrain from travelling outside of a region that has been placed in tier 4.
Will gyms and places of worship stay open?
Like in the two nationwide lockdowns, indoor gyms will be forced to close in tier 4.
However, communal worship can continue to take place.
Will outdoor exercise facilities remain open?
While indoor gyms and sports facilities must close under the new restrictions, outdoor exercise facilities such as golf courses, outdoor gyms, riding centres, playgrounds and outdoor swimming pools may remain open.
These facilities can be used with individually, with others within your household or support bubble, or with one person from another household.
Can you get married or hold a funeral?
According to the government, funerals can take place as long as they are in a Covid-secure venue or in a public outdoor space.
Funerals can be attended by a maximum of 30 people, with social distancing encouraged between people who do not live together or share a support bubble.
Weddings and civil partnership ceremonies should not take place during the restrictions, according to the government, except in exceptional circumstances.
The government describes exceptional circumstances for a wedding to take place as one person is ill and will not recover, or “due to undergo debilitating treatment or life-changing surgery”.
In these instances, the ceremony can only be attended by six people.
Under the tier 4 restrictions, those who live in a tier 4 area can only go to a funeral or wedding outside of the tier 4 area if the event follows the tier 4 gathering limits on events.
Indian visitors talk on their cellphones outside the Google stall at the India Mobile Congress in New Delhi onSept 27, 2017.
Prakash Singh|AFP|Getty Images
Google abused the dominant position of its Android os in India, utilizing its “huge financial muscle” to unlawfully harm rivals, the nation’s antitrust authority discovered in a report on its two-year probe seen by Reuters.
Alphabet Inc’s Google lowered “the ability and incentive of device manufacturers to develop and sell devices operating on alternative versions of Android,” states the June report by the Competition Commission of India’s (CCI) examinations system.
The U.S. tech giant informed Reuters in a declaration it eagerly anticipates dealing with the CCI to “demonstrate how Android has led to more competition and innovation, not less.”
Google has actually not gotten the examination report, an individual with direct understanding of the circumstance informed Reuters.
The CCI did not react to an ask for discuss the report. Senior CCI members will evaluate the report and offer Google another opportunity to protect itself, prior to providing a last order, which might consist of charges, stated another individual knowledgeable about the case.
Google would have the ability to appeal any order in India’s courts.
Its findings are the most recent antitrust obstacle for Google in India, where it deals with a number of probes in the payments app and wise tv markets. The business has actually been examined in Europe, the United States and somewhere else.
This week, South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Google $180 million for obstructing tailored variations of Android.
‘Vague, prejudiced and approximate’
Google sent a minimum of 24 actions throughout the probe, safeguarding itself and arguing it was not injuring competitors, the report states.
Microsoft,Amazon com, Apple, in addition to mobile phone makers like Samsung and Xiaomi, were amongst 62 entities that reacted to CCI concerns throughout its Google examination, the report states.
Android powers 98% of India’s 520 million mobile phones, according to CounterpointResearch
When the CCI purchased the probe in 2019, it stated Google appeared to have actually leveraged its supremacy to decrease gadget makers’ capability to go with alternate variations of its mobile os and require them to pre-install Google apps.
The 750- page report discovers the necessary pre-installation of apps “amounts to imposition of unfair condition on the device manufacturers” in offense of India’s competitors law, while the business leveraged the position of its Play Store app shop to secure its supremacy.
Play Store policies were “one-sided, ambiguous, vague, biased and arbitrary,” while Android has actually been “enjoying its dominant position” in licensable os for mobile phones and tablets considering that 2011, the report states.
The probe was activated in 2019 after 2 Indian junior antitrust research study partners and a law trainee submitted a grievance, Reuters reported.
India stays a crucial development market forGoogle It stated in 2015 it would invest $10 billion in the nation over 5 to 7 years through equity financial investments and tie-ups, its most significant dedication to a crucial development market.About
Introduction
Qingdao BAHEAL pharmaceutical Co., LTD, located in No.268 YingCheng Road, Jimo,Qingdao, is ajoint venture by BAHEAL pharmaceutical group, engaged in research &development, production & sales of pharmaceutical products, BAHEAL covers an area of land of 56000 m2as well as building area of 18000 m2. BAHEAL has built facilities, equipment and technical capabilities required in manufacture of extended release OSD products such as osmotic, pellet coating, matrix technology.
BAHEAL set the pharmaceutical technology innovation and GMP compliance as the core competitive advantage, specialized on R&D and production of extended release pharmaceutical product, dedicated to build a manufacture base for US/EU market and domestic market.Designed by NNE Pharm. in accordance with China and US GMP standards,employed with high quality facilities, equipments and analytical instruments, BAHEAL try to build a an world-class team with all the capacities required in R&D, production and quality management . So far BAHEAL hasdeveloped and filed a number of applications in CFDA and US FDA.
We aim to provide better healthcare products and services for the home and abroad. We invest heavily on the training to our staff to order to build scientific understanding to our product and technology , quality and EHS consciousness and technical skills. We also invest heavily to develop sustainably therapeutic equivalent generic drugs and other high -quality pharmaceutical products .Retaining Customer Loyalty should be one of the main objectives for your SME in Chambly. It's much more cost-efficient to keep a customer than to try and gain new ones for your SME in Chambly. That's why we developed a wide range of marketing automation tools like Customer Loyalty that will allow you retain customer loyalty.
Our marketing automation system for your SME SME in Chambly. When purchasing, it's crucial that you diversify your offerings to give you the greatest chance of closing a sale for your SME SME in Chambly, or let our automated system offer products depending on previous customer's habits for your SME SME in Chambly allows you to better target your promotions and concentrate your energy (and budget) where it really counts. Our system allows a really intricate segmentation of customers for your SME in Chambly.
Thanks to our Customer Loyalty for your SME in Chambly system, you'll be able to not only send automated e-mails, but also manually send targeted e-mails to customers that are more likely to end up purchasing products for your SME SME in Chambly (what he's interested in, if he knows about all your services, if he recently ordered any products, etc.) doesn't only allow our automated system to better target him, but also a sales team for your SME in Chambly.
The various tools we've developed in our system allow you to view every interaction a customer for your SME in Chambly has had with you. Whether it's a visit on your website, a product order or just any read or click in one of your many newsletters, you'll be able to get a general view of your customers' interests for your SME in Chambly.
Knowing someone has shown interest in your product is a good start when trying to close a deal for your SME in Chambly. That's why we created a Customer Loyalty system that automatically generates leads depending on customers' habits for your SME in Chambly.
Being aware of the importance of generating (and monetizing) leads for your SME SME in Chambly.
More
Customer Loyalty is the perfect system for your insurance company in Saguenay, for your NPO in Montérégie, for your transportation company in Outaouais, for your hockey league in Saint-Jérôme, for your hotel in Candiac, for your restaurant in Gaspé, for your business in Estrie, for your company in Quebec City, for your SME in Magog, for your car dealership in Côte-Nord, for your startup in Lasalle, for your small town in Dorval, for your store in Princeville, for your shop in Plateau-Mont-Royal, for your thrift shop in Dorval, for your shoe store in Chateauguay, for your clothing store in Napierville, for your electronics store in East-Broughton, for your robotics store in Pointe-Claire, for your eyewear store in Chateauguay, for your furniture store in Mont-Tremblant, for your construction company in Victoriaville, for your hostel in Beauport, for your lodging in Saguenay, for your camping in Black Lake, for your outfitter in Bas-Saint-Laurent, for your printing house in La Prairie, for your financial services company in Montmagny, for your organization in Côte-des-Neiges, for your nonprofit organization in Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, for your non profit organization in the Magdalen Islands, for your small business in Côte-des-Neiges, for your insurance broker in Robertsonville, for your human ressources in Dorval, for your non profit in Nord-du-Québec, for your HR in Saint-Eustache, for your warehouse in Gatineau, for your bed and breakfast in Bromont, for your spa in Dorval, for your brewery in Gatineau, for your city in Saint-Georges, for your town in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, for your microbrewery in Plessisville, for your association in Saint-Jérôme, for your tourism association in Thetford Mines, for your regional tourism association in the Magdalen Islands, for your RTA in Outaouais, for your pub in Côte-des-Neiges, for your bistro in Brossard, for your salon in Longueuil, for your hairdressing salon in Saint-Hubert, for your beauty salon in Gaspé, for your plumbing company in Terrebonne, for your sugar shack in Tremblant
«
machine Robert
C'est magnifique!!! Merci :) Kimberley
We use cookies for better services. By browsing our website, you accept them to be used. More informationOKProperty Attributes
- MLS#3325605
- TypePending
- CountyNASSAU
- CityLong Beach
- Area6
- NeighborhoodHempstead
- Zip11561
- StyleColonial
- Taxes$ 10232
- Price$ 589,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
- Lot Size3,049 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Joyce Coletti | with Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Data Source:
Multiple Listing Service of Long Island (MLSLI) - 129 - NY
Property Description
Colonial Home in Our Beautiful Sought After City by the Sea* 3 Bedrooms with 1.5 Baths and Great Location* Seconds to the Long Island Rail Road* Stores and Cafes* Minutes to One of the Best Beaches in New York State* Modernized and Updated Kitchen with Stainless Steel Appliances* Quartz Counter Top and Subway Tiled Back Splash* New Navient Tankless Heating System* 2 Zone Baseboard Heating* Hi-Hats* Hardwood Floors* Eat in Kitchen and Seperate Dining Area with Entrance Leading Out to Private Deck to BBQ & Entertain All Year Long* Spacious and Well Maintained Yard to Have Guest and to Relax and Feel the Summer Breeze *Garage for Storage* This Home is Mint Clean & Has Great Curb Appeal* Bedroooms are Spacious and Airy* Air Conditioning Units Help in Summer to Cool Rooms* Very Convenient Location* Please View Our Video* Outdoor Shower with hot and cold water * wouldn’t take the “changed their life” part seriously, and sure enough I got a lot of people recommending a dozen or so different albums which I’m highly skeptical all of them had such an influence on them. However, this particular album I took note of because the person who suggested it had mentioned in the past that they were a big fan of American Football’s American Football, one of my favorites, and after listening to the first track of Give Up it seemed like a deeply personal album. Since it actually fit the description of what I was looking for I decided to jump to it.
Who Are The Postal Service? What is Give Up?
The Postal Service is a duo between vocalist Ben Gibbard and “producer” Jimmy Tamborello. Their name derives from how the music of the band was created. Tamborello, typically known as an electronic musician under the name “Dntel,” would make instrumental tracks in their entirety and send it to Gibbard through the United States Postal Service, who would then add vocals and edit the track as he’d see fit. It’s worth noting that Give Up came out in 2003, and Gibbard is mostly known as the lead singer of Death Cab for Cutie but Give Up came out just before Death Cab became immensely popular. Technically there are additional members of The Postal Service, but they only provide backing vocals on some tracks. The minds behind this project are solely Gibbard and Tamborello.
Give Up proved to be widely successful in the indie world. It was released under Sub Pop, and Give Up became their second most successful album in their history, just barely behind Nirvana’s Bleach. Despite the success, The Postal Service would never release another album. They would reunite in 2013 for a reunion tour and the two members are constantly asked about a possible second album, which is sometimes referred to an “indie Chinese Democracy,” but they’ve definitively said there isn’t one and never will be, citing commitments to their current projects. Their other projects may prove more financially successful but neither Death Cab for Cutie nor Dntel have ever received as much critical acclaim. Give Up was listed on Pitchfork Media’s and Rolling Stone’s lists for Top Albums of the Decade for the 2000s.
What Did I Think?
As I mentioned before, Give Up is a personal album, but I said that mostly because I immediately clicked with the tone that Gibbard sets up. The first song, “The District Sleeps Alone Tonight,” is about a break-up. Gibbard has a slow realization of how out-of-place he was in his ex’s life compared to where they are now (“A stranger with your door key explaining that I’m just visiting”). After discovering this, it dawns on him that he was worth dumping (“And I am finally seeing, Why I was the one worth leaving”). This type of honest self-loathing is present throughout the rest of the album. As someone who dabbles in self-deprecation and being hard on themselves, I was immediately receptive to this tone, which continues throughout the rest of the album.
From what little I’ve heard of Death Cab for Cutie, it seems Gibbard has made a career out of being an honest insecure introvert, and I know just mentioning his main band’s name can induce moans for a lot of people, but for me, and for Give Up, it’s new. Gibbard doesn’t take the easy way out either. Whereas many people with the “poor me” complex are prone to depicting themselves as saviors of the world, he seems keenly aware of his own bullshit. In “Nothing Better,” another break-up song, Gibbard sings about how there could “nothing better than making you my bridge and slowly growing old together.” Just as that lyric is said, guest vocalist Jen Wood is introduced as the girlfriend character for the song: “I feel I must interject here, you’re getting carried away feeling sorry for yourself,” and it goes on. The best analogy I can draw is to action films and the concept of a “power fantasy.” Some introverts, such as myself, love a good downer-fest. Sometimes you get in a rut and you just want to stay there for a bit, ya know? Give Up seems to be going in the direction of feeding into all of the vices of someone who pities themselves and songs like “Nothing Better,” or “Clark Gable,” don’t let them get away with it. Which is fine, because we know we shouldn’t be so down on ourselves anyway.
There are other tangential topics covered on the album. “Recycled Air” seems to be about an anxiety surrounding traveling by plane, “We Will Become Silhouettes” covers a story about loneliness with a backdrop of nuclear fallout, and “Brand New Colony” dabbles in the idea of starting a new colony without cynics, although arguably Gibbard is one of those cynics for the rest of the album. Loneliness, anxiety, relationships, and failure are the connective thread of the album called Give Up and that shouldn’t surprise you.
What was surprising was how well the music of Give Up matches the themes of the album, even though they were made completely separate from the lyrics. Every melody has a frantic insecurity to it, constantly changing every measure or two. I could say it’s “as if they had no confidence in what they made so they just kept changing to keep it interesting,” but the truth is probably due to Tamborello’s background as an electronic musician which typically has more frequent melody changes as opposed to repeating the same bar over and over. Still, before I went on Wikipedia and read about the band I thought it was an interesting parallel between the music and the lyrics.
The busy nature of the songs stuck with me though on each repeat listening. My initial impression of The Postal Service was they were a “somber” sounding band, which would make sense, given their lyrical content. But even their most low-key track, “This Place is a Prison,” has a constant drum track, and it isn’t long before chimes and an accordion is introduced, because why not? In fact some of the songs are deceptively fast-paced because they begin with slower paced introductions, such as “Such Great Heights,” and “Natural Anthem,” before introducing breakneck drumbeats that carry the whole song. I ended up having mixed feelings toward some of the songs I initially liked and pleasantly found myself appreciating songs I didn’t intend to find on an album that started with something as low-key as “The District Sleeps Alone Tonight” (“Natural Anthem” ended up being one of my favorites).
I can see how Give Up could influence someone’s life, especially in a “right time, right place” kind of way. It’s certainly turned me onto Gibbard’s work, even if that means I’m officially a dweeb for having “Death Cab for Cutie” in my search history. Whatever man, be your own person. Also that guy was married to Zooey Deschanel for at least a day, so he’s appealing to something.
Next week I decided to check out David Bowie’s The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars. In case you’re wondering, I’ve never heard a David Bowie song. Check it out on Spotify or YouTube.
One response to “52 Weeks, 52 Albums #2: Give Up”
[…] bandmates (spiders from mars) threaten to smash his fingers at one point. Whoopee? Compared to the deeply personal confessions found in last week’s album, this leaves a lot to be […]Advisory Services
Guiding your investment decisions by virtue of our in-depth analysis of current and anticipated economic conditions
What is Advisory Asset Management?
Advisory Asset Management is an alternative mode of portfolio management in the context of which you (the client) assume a more active role in the management of your portfolio. Specifically, investment advisor makes recommendations about possible changes in your portfolio which are always in line with your objectives and risk profile. However, no buy-sell decisions are implemented without your final consent.
What sort of interactions are you expected to have with your Investment Advisor?
Advisory Portfolio Management assumes a constant and timely interaction between you and the investment advisor. This interaction may take the following forms:
- You come up with an investment idea that you think it has some potential. For example, you suspect that a specific sector is underpriced. Before you act on this belief, you may contact your investment advisor to discuss this idea with him, ask for additional information about this proposal, and ultimately decide whether this idea has any rational underpinnings or it is just a hasty “hunch”.
- Your investment advisor forms the opinion that an attractive investment opportunity has presented itself. He has the obligation to contact and notify you about this opportunity. You, on the other hand, have the right to challenge his opinion and ask him to explain in detail the rationale behind his proposal. This dialogue might lead you to the conclusion that (i) your advisor’s proposal is indeed interesting or (ii) it is founded on insufficient evidence or faulty reasoning. In the first case, you authorize your advisor to proceed and transform his proposal into an investment action. On the contrary, if you fail to be convinced, you reject his proposal, thus not altering the composition of your portfolio.
- Your advisory needs might not relate to individual investment ideas and proposals, but rather to an overall assessment of current economic conditions together with an outlook for the market behavior in both the short and medium term. Assetwise is capable of meeting this type of demand by providing analytic information that will help you to discern between what is essential for the markets and what is irrelevant material or simple noise. Separating the wheat from the chaff requires careful analysis by professionals who are accustomed to deal with the intricacies of the markets on a daily basis, and come up with well-processed and hence, profitable investment idea. This idea is conveyed to you via customized presentations followed by a questions-and-answers session over which all of your queries about economies and markets will be answered in a structured and exhaustive manner.
Security-Portal.cz
SP - Aktuality
SP - Usr Blogy
Fórum Security-Portal.cz
RSS Feed Aggregator:
Blogy
GNU/Linux
IT News
Hacking
Exploits
As usual manuals, knowledge bases and other sources aren't describing this topic very well, so each of us must debug how Check Point implement it in their own way.
I will show you where and how to setup RADIUS authentication on Check Point appliances as well as on RADIUS server itself (FreeRADIUS) step-by-step. This is also some kind of my own notes for further deployments :]
First of all we will point Check Point appliances to RADIUS server, setup shared secret and group relation expected in response from RADIUS server.
RADIUS group is something what Check Point expecting in successful authentication message from RADIUS in Class attribute. For our purposes we use group name “fwadmins”.
Class
» Notice
There is non-sense limitation on current version of Check Point SecurePlatform for length of shared secret (10 chars max), so be sure that you will not exceed it.
First of all allow access from appliances (and cluster object as well) to RADIUS server.
Visit appliance WebUI, enter credentials and go to Appliance -> Authentication Servers
Click on “New” button in Authentication servers table
When completed add "fwadmins" to "Authentication Server Groups".
Don’t forget to setup the same on both cluster members!
As usual via CLI is this operation 10x faster. Just run those two commands:
radius servers show
radius groups show
Imagine this scenario of traffic flow:
You must distinguish between management IP addresses and addresses from which appliance will contact RADIUS in case of authentication attempt.
Management interface:
Interface for communication with management server. In our example 1.1.1.1
Routing interfaces (find interface facing RADIUS server):
So cluster interface in this case is 2.2.2.2
From this address will be contacted RADIUS, so we have to define it in clients.conf.
clients.conf
Example in clients.conf:
we will use Check Point cluster IP facing RADIUS server
Example of users:
So when I try login to CP firewall, appliance will send my username and password to RADIUS, where will be authenticated against LDAP/PAM/SQL/whatever and when it is OK from "users" file add Class attribute "fwadmins" if authentication client match huntgroup "CHECKPOINT".
In fact "fwadmins" can be attribute in LDAP as well, you just need to correctly filter and translate response from LDAP server on RADIUS. It's up to you.
Tue Oct 23 14:26:42 2012 : Auth: Login OK: [martin.cmelik] (from client cp-firewall-vip port 15143 cli 1.2.3.4)
EOF
Jméno
Martin Holovský (cm3l1k1)
Zájmy
security, hacking, networking, system hardening, science & technology, ...
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License.Will Malpass
Two True Things
Updated: Sep 5, 2020
Since we’ve been in quarantine, I’ve been taking my dogs on a bunch of long walks around the neighborhood. I like to go earlier in the morning, when it’s cooler. I use that walking time to think things through, trying to figure out the meaning of life and other deep philosophical matters, you know?
During all that walking and thinking, I’m pretty sure I’ve stumbled (ha ha, unintended pun) across two simple but important truths that are helping me deal with COVID-19 stress.
Truth #1: We have total free will about what we choose to believe. Said another way, we get to form our own opinions about the events happening around us. So if we want to believe something is really bad, awful or even catastrophic, no one can stop us from believing that—but that viewpoint may just make things worse for us. On the other hand, we can choose to believe it’s going to be okay and things will work out. And no one can stop us from believing that, either.
Truth #2: Similarly, when it comes to our reactions, we have (almost) complete control. We can’t control the outbreak of a global pandemic, we can’t do anything about social distancing and attending virtual school instead of actual school, BUT our response to all this external stuff is almost completely under our control. I say almost completely because if I stumble (ha ha, more stumbling) when I'm out walking my dogs and accidentally stub my toe, I might involuntarily cry out in pain. But in terms of voluntary reactions, we can choose how we will behave in answer to these stressful situations.
Both these concepts are part of the philosophical ideology of Stoicism. I recently came across an interesting article in the British newspaper The Guardian that explains more about Stoicism. Click here to read the article in The Guardian.Commercial Demolition Syndal Vic
Your Local Strip Out Experts in Syndal
What is a shop strip out?
A shop strip out likewise called a retail strip out or make-good suggests the elimination of all redundant fixtures, fittings, and also installation in a commercial place that would not be called for by a new tenant of the property.
Several leases require this as they come to an end for the next tenant to be able to start with a clean slate, some contracts even have an obligatory checklist of items to be eliminated.
At Melbourne Demolition we understand that when your office lease in Syndal comes to an end a shop de-fit or strip out is a requirement and should be completed skillfully and also in a prompt way
We offer a series of shop de-fit/ strip out services such as
- Uplifting of floor coverings
- Partitions
- Glazed walls
- Ceilings as well as bulkheads
- Block wall removal
- Ceramic flooring as well as wall surface ceramic tile removal
- Removal of concrete bedding as well as render
- Floor grinding
At Melbourne Demolition we provide a no obligation on site assessment of your current tenancy in Syndal to make sure that we can offer you with in-depth info concerning the shop de-fit procedure in addition to an itemised quote which will certainly cover all the requirements of your property manager’s range of works.
When the quote is approved, our Site Supervisor will certainly oversee the entire procedure giving you with continuous updates so you can have peace of mind that the task is being performed in a timely and reliable fashion. Upon conclusion we will after that help with the handover to your property owner as well as verify with you that the work has been finished to the most effective standard.
Melbourne Demolition deal with every new project like it is their own, we are careful with high interest to detail and our team is efficient and reliable at what they do, so you can rest assured your landlord will certainly be more than pleased!
Factory/Industrial Demolition Services In Syndal
If you’re trying to find a frustration and also stress-free way to have your industrial site demolished, you’ve most definitely implementing every job with precision. We use meticulous planning, organized work procedures, the current equipment, as well as an expert demolition team to deliver risk-free and also controlled demolition. From factories to warehouses, we deliver professional demolition, site removal, land clearing and also excavation.
With many years experience in the demolition and earthworks industry we are the experts when it involves industrial demolition in Syndal. Our managing directors and site supervisors will certainly work directly with you and also any on-site managers and builders to establish a demolition strategy based on your distinct brief. They’ll also supervise all demolition as well as asbestos removal on site to ensure optimal results.
We provide all our clients with the complete package that can make the difference for their projects and also developments. We thoroughly plan each step and with our experience, we perform your plans to perfection. From the very start to the last action of your project, we will be by your side, guaranteeing that every little thing goes to plan. This is why our industrial demolition Melbourne service has been trusted for many years.Trust
Icon
A functional design with flair! Instructions for two vases and a bowl are included. Use as a desk set or slip a jar inside to hold flowers on your table or mantle. This dimensional paper piecing pattern is perfect for precuts. Stitch by hand or use our machine stitch technique for a fast & easy finish. Vessels: 8 1/2" & 5 3/4" tall, Bowl: 2".
Style 2110W
$90.00 ea
Style 2121W
$45.00 ea
Style 367-01
$135.00 ea
A Classic wedding Handkerchief. 11-1/2" White Cotton Lawn Emroidered with a White Bouqet of Lily of the Valley. Finished with a White Scalloped hem and Perfect for any Wedding.
Made in Switzerland. Also available in Pale Blue with White Embroidery, Style 684-95.
Style no. 684
$30.00 ea
You asked for it and here it is. A simple scallop border handkerchief in all white. This handkerchief measures 13"+ square and is made of a linen that is perfect for monogramming without pulling. The perfect size, color, weight and price for monogramming. Made in Switzerland, Style No. 340 $15.00
A Soft White Cotton with Hand Embroidered White Initial. Hand Embroidered in Madeira on a 100% Swiss cotton Handkerchief with a Hand Rolled Hem. 18 letters for a personalized gift, Pick your Letter. Embroidery measures 5" x 5" approx. Measures approximately 13-1/2 inches square. Made in Portugal.
Style 301
$45.00 ea
Our Most Unique Initial. A Soft White Cotton with an Inside Applique Scallop Hem accented with Ivy Embroidery. This Style has a Major Letter in one Corner Surrounded by a 1-1/2" Wreath of Flowers. The other three Corners have a Matching Single Letter. Measures 13-1/2" Square, Hand Embroidered in the Azores.
Style 3195W
$30.00 ea
If you are looking for a Beautiful Wedding Handkerchief that is not lace, then this is the one for you. A perfecly soft white linen ahand made by the Best needleworkers in Madeira with a Organdy floral bouquet with shadow stitch finished with a Satin Bow. Scalloped all the way around and measure 14-1/2" Hand Made on the Island of Madeira, Portugal.
Style 315
$225.00 ea
Classic all white Madeira Hand Embroidery. All linen.
Style 70/325
$30.00 ea
1286 White Cotton Floral Clip Cord 13" Woven and Hand Rolled in Spain A Classic Pattern.
Style 1286
$7.50 ea
Soft Pure Linen with Cutwork. Measures a Generous 13" and has work in all four Corners.
Made in Portugal
Style 1705
$45.00 ea
All white embroidery on CVL.
Style 90/202
$52.50 ea
12" Soft White Cotton with White with Delicate Floral Embroidery and Drawnwork. Embroidery measures 5" wide x 4-1/2" tall. Hand Rolled hems. All white.
Style 70/111
$22.50 ea
White embroidery on CVL.
Style 90/201
$30.00 ea
12" Soft White Cotton with White with Delicate Floral Embroidery and Drawnwork. Embroidery measures 5" wide x 4-1/2" tall. Hand Rolled hems. All white.
Style 70/112
$22.50 ea
Cottton/Linen with white embroidery and drawnwork.
Style 90/100
$30.00 ea
Pure linen 2 row spoked hemstitch.
Style 152
$12.00 ea
Ladies Woven Clip Cord, All linen handrolled This Pretty Hadkerchief is Understated ad Elegant. The Design is Woven in the handkerchief using a loom from the 1800's. the hanging threads are Painstakingly Clipped off by hand using a small curved Scissors, hence the name. Hand Rolled, Measures 15" approx.
Style 70/231
$22.50 ea
Our Most Beautiful Ladies Initial Handkerchief. Hand Embroidered in Madeira initial on a soft 100% Irish linen handkerchief and Hand Rolled. Initial is approximately 5" x 5" and the handkerchief is a generous 14" square. Hand Rolled Hem, style 1259. Please choose your letter, 20 initials available.
Style 1259
$60.00 ea
Soft White Cotton Floral Embroidery with a Unique Replique hem. Measures 13" approx. Embroidery Spray Measures 5" x 5" This Beauty features a Replique Hem all the way around with a small spray of flowers in the 3 minor corners.
Style 3450W
$22.50 eaa
A beautiful white embroidery on fine cotton with a handrolled hem. What woman wouldn't love to receive this?
Style 2464W
$30.00
All cotton, hemstitch. An elegant something extra to tuck in your greeting card. Available in pink, blue, red, white or black embroidery.
Style 130/205
$22.50 ea
All White Soft Cotton with White Clipcord Hearts All Over. The Clipcord style is Very Unusual as there are Very Few Working Clipcord Looms Left in the World. the Hearts are Woven in and the Excess Threads Hand Clipped and to Complete the Finish they are Hand Rolled at the Hem. Especially for your Sweetheart. Made in Spain.
Style 690
$18.00 ea
Our Most Popular Initial Handkerchief for Ladies. All Cotton Hand Embroidered in Portugal. This Nice Swiss Cotton, Hand Hemstitched Initial Handkerchief comes in 23 letters. Embroidery measures 3-1/2" Tall by 4-1/2" wide. The Handkerchief Measures approximately 14" Square, a Perfect Personalized Gift.
Style 2225
$22.50 ea
All cotton handrolled and embroidered. Thank you very much, what a nice way to express your gratitude.
Style 130/203
$22.50
Hand Embroidered Victorian Fan. Made in Madeira on 100% linen with a hemstitched hem. One of our classics.
Style 90/431
$30.00 eaRaw Milk Versus Pasteurized Milk
2009-01-26
RawRead More →Magic Mushrooms From Canada
The magic mushrooms Canada are not imported exotic. Instead, they have grown here all their lives in the Canadian weather and soil. They are the product of a fungus called Agaricus Thalianus that naturally occurs in every corner of North America where the ground is moist enough to allow the growth of this fungus, no matter how cold it is where the fungus is planted. These magic mushrooms can grow in almost any kind of soil, as long as the water levels are high enough for them to survive. If they are planted in soil that contains a lot of moisture but very low in minerals the magic mushroom will be stunted and will not grow as large or as many mushrooms.
Answered: Your Most Burning Questions About Magic Mushrooms Canada
The magical mushrooms grow best in damp, dark locations, which is why they are so popular with people who like to grow fungi in their backyards, on their patios or around their windowsills. It takes a long time for these mushrooms to produce large amounts of mushrooms, sometimes as long as a decade, but the quality of the individual mushroom is extremely good and the mushrooms have a very rich, mushroom-like flavor. The more mushrooms are harvested from one location, the more rare the mushroom will become. Some varieties only produce small amounts of mushrooms, and these are usually the ones you want to get your hands on, because they are the most unique and delicious. One Canadian variety produces six times more mushrooms per square foot of space than any other variety grows in any other area.
There are numerous different species of mushrooms grown in Canada. However, the two most popular are the Shrooms, also known as Allium sativum, and the Magic Mushrooms, also called the Psilosanthera. These two species of mushrooms can be identified by the appearance of the leaves on the top of the mushrooms, and also by the smell of the fungi when you crush a few of them. The Shrooms tend to have a grayish green color, while the magic mushrooms can be found in various shades of purple. Some of the more common types of mushrooms that grow in Canada include: Button, Leek, Red, Port, Snow, Purslane and more.The Giza Project gives you access to the largest collection of information, media, and research materials ever assembled about the Pyramids and related sites on Egypt’s Giza Plateau.
The Giza Project, an international collaboration based at Harvard University, aims to assemble and provide access to all archeological records about the most famous site in the world: the Pyramids, surrounding cemeteries and settlements of Giza, Egypt..Cancer is the second leading cause of death worldwide. Toward the end of life, individuals with cancer experience a substantial symptom burden. The top three common symptoms in patients with cancer at the end of life are fatigue, pain, and anorexia (appetite loss). Anorexia is a component of the cancer
anorexia-cachexia syndrome (CACS). It is the lack or loss of appetite or desire to eat leading to reduced intake of food.
Cancer Anorexia Epidemiological Segmentation
- Total Incidence Cases of Anorexia by Cancer Types
Cancer Anorexia Epidemiological Insights Observed in 2020
- The total incident cases of cancer-related Anorexia in 7MM were found to be 740,055.
- The incidence population of Anorexia by cancer types in the United States was observed to be 265,539.
- The Cancer Anorexia cases in EU5 countries were found to be 276,713.
- Among EU5 countries, the number of incident cancer cases by type in Germany was found to be 72,040, whereas, in Spain, there were 36,474 cases.
- The number of incident cases of Cancer Anorexia in Japan was observed to be 197,803.
Cancer Anorexia Market Insight
The market size of Cancer Anorexia in the 7MM was found to be USD 313.52 million in 2020.
Cancer Anorexia Market Drivers
- The increasing population of cancer patients with Anorexia
- Scope of upcoming therapies
- Opportunity for novel treatments
- Presence of an effective disease scoring system
Cancer Anorexia Market Barriers
- Disease burden and impact on quality of life
- Lack of disease understanding
- High mortality rate in cancer patients due to Anorexia
Cancer Anorexia Emerging Drugs
The emerging drugs of the Cancer Anorexia market are
- Adlumiz/Edolmizu
- ART27.13
- NGM120, and others
Cancer Anorexias Key Players
The key players working in the Cancer Anorexia market are
- Helsinn Healthcare
- Artelo Biosciences
- NGM Biopharmaceuticals, and othersVideos
Epoxy Resin Busbar Trunking System
Our epoxy resin busbar trunking system, Copper or aluminium(AL) conductor, espically suitable for high humidity and high tempreture environment like: Phillippine, Tailand, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Malysi...← VIEW THIS VIDEO 2019-03-22
Busbar Trunking System Package
copper busbar trunking system including flange end, elbows, tap-off box, etc. package processing and ready for delivery← VIEW THIS VIDEO 2018-04-04
Bus Duct System Installation
2000A Busduct and Connection is installing in the building project← VIEW THIS VIDEO 2018-04-04
Cable Tray Processing
Cable Tray finished with full-automatically cable tray processing machine← VIEW THIS VIDEO 2018-04-04Dev: Hi guys, we hope that you are all well. Please find our May update below.May 2 May Update:
Payment Integration: Unfortunately we have to announce that our first scheduled Linx payment retail integration has been delayed. Of course this comes as a disappointment for us as we're sure it does to you too. We have uploaded a press release from Traxsource below explaining the situation. Here is a transcription :
April 30th, 2018
Due to the increased work load involved in our ongoing store upgrades we are not in a position to integrate the Linx payment system on May 1st as planned.
We are extremely disappointed to announce this news, as both sides have put so much time & effort into making this happen. It goes without saying that we will continue to offer our full support to the Linx project & the team behind it. We hope to be able to bring this project to fruition at a later date.
Sincerely,
Brian Tappert Traxsource Managing Director
The platform : As you will no doubt be aware recent guidelines and regulations in the protection and handling of personal data is changing the way web based platforms operate. API access to some of the biggest social networks is now being restricted among other things and this has caused us to rethink a few major aspects of our own platform.
Although we firmly believe the new data regulations are a great thing for end users, it has also resulted in changes to some of the features that were originally incorporated . Our original schedule for the roll out of the platform was in stages. First we would introduce a fully functional baseline system and then start adding more features over time. After much discussion, we have now agreed that we need to deliver a much more ambitious platform from the get go. One additional aspect of the resdesigned platform is that we will now be including an audio upload and streaming service which will allow artists and musicians to showcase and sell their music directly (using Linx of course) from their profile page.
We are very close to completion and will notify beta testers as soon as we comfortable with the new model so you can put it through it's paces before release.
Block halving : Welcome news for long term holders is that in around 36 days the Linx block reward halves for the first time since our blockchain launched. This will reduce the block reward from 50 to 25 Linx, dramatically slowing down the amount of freshly minted Linx released every day. You can monitor the countdown to halving at the following page :
Source and Wallets : The team is currently working on a completely updated version of the Linx source code which implements many of the latest developments in blockchain tech. iOS and Droid wallets will follow the release of the new source. As we're sure most of you are already aware, Linx wallet support is already available for iOS and Android in the excellent Coinomi app :
Lastly, although the unexpected delay in our first retail integration was not the news we’d hoped to deliver to you today, we hope that finally knowing who the retailer is will go some way to easing any concerns you may have had about the validity of the Linx project or the abilities of our team. Although we have had to adjust the schedule of our roadmap our goals for Linx remain unchanged. There is a ton of exciting things happening behind the scenes but we remain reluctant to speak about them until they are ready to be realized. In light of the current situation we hope that you will understand the reasoning behind our position on this. For those that are uncomfortable not knowing what's coming, we totally understand and trust you will use your best judgement with regards to any Linx holdings you may have.
If you have any questions about anything ask away and we'll do our best to address them where possible here in the slack channel.
Team Linx
Dev: Hi guys, before we address your questions we just want to say that the reactions to the news yesterday from the community both in here, on Telegram and on Twitter has left us somewhat deflated. We knew the delay wasn't going to be well received but we hoped that you would see that the delay was not of our making, and see the positives in revealing the name of our partner and also realise that we have been completely straight with you from the start. Instead we watched some of our "supporters" calling us scammers, some even insinuating that we dumped ahead of the announcement. Neither could be further from the truth. Emotions were running high yesterday. We wanted to let everybody have their say before we responded to anything. With that said, onto some of your questions and comments...May 15
User: "Some of us are holders and miners from june. We deserve more @linx team" Dev: We appreciate your frustration John as we are feeling exactly the same. Months and months of work on the payment system took priority over everything else as we knew it was going to be a massive coup for the project integrating with one of the most reputable dance music retailers in the world. The amount of work involved set us back with everything else. Remember, we don't have millions of dollars raised from an ICO to just employ an army of people to get this done. All we can do is assure you that nothing has changed from our perspective, if anything our vision, especially for the platform, is bigger now than we first anticipated. We totally appreciate and respect people like yourself that have been with us from the start and shown real support for the project and we hope that your faith in the project remains.
User: "Unfortunately devs probably knew for quite some time that this wasn’t happening today and used their recent hype to dump their bags." Dev: Not true. For those calling us scammers or liars or insinuating that we have dumped our supply, we suggest that you save yourself the anxiety and exit now without looking back.
User: "if there was an exchange they would have mentioned it" Dev: Check out the guidelines and rules for listing on any of the larger exchanges.
User: "its been 1 year with nothing to show for it at the moment" Dev: Not true and extremely insulting.
User: "you don't give us enough information" Dev: Yes this is a valid point, but we did tell you how we planned to operate from day one. If we felt we could tell you things and they wouldn't be used as hyping weapons we would be much more forthcoming. The last thing we wanted from this project was a lot of hot air out there and a community getting progressively angered by promises of things to come that are yet to materialise. Yesterday, when we did say something, we watched as people from the crypto community publicly attempted to rubbish our project to our retail partner. Yes, against our better judgement we have made some statements, in good faith, regarding our roadmap along the way to address some of the constant questions raised from the community. The reason we never wanted to say anything prematurely is hopefully blatantly obvious now. We fully understand the never ending cycle of hype and fud that the cryptoscene thrives on, but we told you from the start that we were not going to do that.
User: "Since the first partnership didn't go through for now, could you tell us a bit more about the future business strategy of linxpay? Will you release the retail or consumer software to public?" Dev: Absolutely. We weren't planning to release this until the retail version was out there but yes, the consumer version will be fast forwarded now for sure. Work on the platform is currently taking priority, once that's finished this will be next. Think of it like an alternative to the paypal model. It will be as simple as registering an account and making a simple API call to start accepting Linx on any website or blog.
User: "Why set deadlines at all if it's not set in stone with Traxsource." Dev: We didn't. We agreed a deal with Traxsource in 2017. The timelines for integration were chosen and subsequently postponed by Traxsource for valid and unavoidable reasons. The 'set in stone' date of May 1st was their choice as was made clear in our previous announcement.
User: "please tell us about new exchanges." Dev: We have submitted, and are still actively submitting exchange listings. That's all we can say right now. We know that's not exactly what you want to hear but it's the truth.
User: "Good luck finding a link to that "press release" anywhere, likely fake." Dev: It's probably a good idea to wait and see next time before you accuse us of being fraudsters. The press release was entirely Traxsource's idea. They are fully aware that this further delay from their end might hurt our reputation and this is the last thing they wanted to happen. They have supported us from the start. The music industry is extremely fluid and unfortunately full of unexpected circumstances that often cause delays.
User: "reveal the identity of the devs please" Dev: If you are unable to trust us without knowing who we are then this isn't the project for you. There are plenty of crypto projects with photographs and linkedin accounts for you to invest in. We have our reasons for wanting to remain anonymous which we'll explain a bit more in the following answer.
User: "Could you provide a valid business reason why being anonymous is a good thing for Linx?" Dev: Sure. Has the anonymous nature of Bitcoin prevented it from being adopted? Charlie Lee recently stated that he will eventually pull away from the Litecoin project as he doesn't feel having a public head for the project is a good thing. We feel exactly the same way. Any project should thrive (or fail) based on the project, and not who is behind it and what they say or do. Also remaining anonymous allows us to poole our enormous resources without interference from the crypto community. For example - this was tweeted directly to our retail partner yesterday "@traxsource we have some developers who will build and deploy a working product. No need to work with @linXcoin".
User: "scam exit today?" Dev: No.
User: "So they've dumped everything" Dev: No.
User: "Why release the name of the partner? if the deal was still on you would keep the name hidden for competitive advantage" Dev: Do you think that this was the way either us or Traxsource wanted to announce this integration? Can you imagine the fallout if we had simply said that there was another delay without telling you anymore? We had no choice but to reveal the name and we are massively disappointed that we had to do it this way.
User: "The fact that you didn't begin the marketing is a problem" Dev: Yes it is a problem but we couldn't. The marketing of this integration is a joint venture between ourselves and Traxsource.
User: "obviously this is a huge disappointment for you guys, as I can't even imagine the man hours you've put into this project." Dev: Yes this is a massive disappointment for us. We have been working towards this since last year. Other aspects of the project were put on the back burner as this took priority. It's the last thing we wanted or expected and has put us behind schedule several times now, not to mention also delaying other aspects that were tied to the release of this integration. We are now having to adjust our strategy to fit the situation which is not easy when we've been working to said strategy for over a year.
User: "Also if items have changed it would be good to provide fans with more realistic + achievable timelines" Dev: Although we completely understand, and in another situation would totally agree, this is something that we will not be doing. Once bitten... From here on out we will only talk about things that are imminent. That way there is no room for disappointment on either side. We feel this is the only way to proceed and maintain credibility in the current climate.
User: "thank you for this good partnership" Dev:Thank you for again being one of the few that has actually picked up on what a big achievement this is. From the very start we asked you to trust us and for those that have, hopefully we've been proven worthy of that trust.
User: "The team must show more respect for investors" Dev: We haven't received a single penny of investment from anybody.
User: "If they didn't care about crypto community and communication at all, why give all those promises they knew they couldn't 100% deliver?" Dev: The failure for this to happen on the announced dates was not our call, we were 100% ready.
User: "So no milestone has been accomplished" Dev: If pairing up with one of the biggest retailers in our industry and thereby opening Linx up to an entirely new and significantly large audience is not a milestone then nothing we do is ever going to be good enough for you.
User: "The "store upgrade workload" reason sounds bullshit." Dev: It's not. We know the reasons for the latest delay and they are 100% valid.
User: "I think the regulations gave them cold feet" Dev: That is not the reason, see answer above.
User: "I firmly believe that Linx will have its chance to show itself to the world, and maybe it will not take long". Dev: Thank you for the vote of confidence, so do we! We wouldn't be doing this if we didn't :)
User: "The fact is the awareness of this project is only maintained by the community." Dev: Do you really think Traxsource agreed to partner with us because of the Linx community?
User: "If you are really so confident, please at least show us some proof so we can trust?" Dev: Very confused by this question, this seems an impossible ask.
User: "technically, maybe it would have been better for the devs to simply just keep the project closed as they once mentioned" Dev: Agreed.
User: "Keep in mind that there seemed to have been a NDA between linx and their partner" Dev: A fact that most other people haven't picked up on and yes, you are correct. It's not just Linx that needs to keep plans under wraps for competitive edge, our partners do too.
User: "Take a closer look at Traxsource instead and what a quality business it appears to be." Dev: Exactly. Anybody who knows anything about our market knows how big a deal this is. Maybe it would be useful for some to go back and read what Linx is all about.
User: "I just hope that the devs won't lose the motivation to achieve what they had planned". Dev: No we won't. Of course we would benefit from less criticism and more support from the community though :)
User: "I can't speak for everyone but personally as an EDM fan I truly want to see the project become reality and would love to help make it become a reality in any way I can". Dev: You are exactly the kind of person that we hoped would get behind the project and we value your support.
Dev: We have only covered a handful of questions here but it is clear that 2 of the biggest concerns you have relate to communication from us and listing on more exchanges. We will look into making both of these matters a priority going forward. We appreciate that there are some of you that have been with us since the start and we wish this recent announcement had been different for you as much as for ourselves. The last thing we wanted to do is let anybody down. It's especially hard when things are beyond our control as they were in this instance. We'll ensure that a repeat of this situation doesn't happen again by only releasing information on things that are imminent, no big lead ups.
We also hope that our answers to some of your questions do not come across too rude or dismissive, as that is really not our intention, but it is really important that we are quite blunt in our answers to avoid any misunderstandings.
In closing we just want to say that we are very encouraged by the support and activity in the community run Telegram channel especially. Please don't think that we don't care about, watch and value your support in the community channels, we most certainly do.
Dev:Hey guys,May 21
Hope you're all well.
To address one of the issues brought up recently we are going to be posting progress updates and answer some of your questions every week or two from now on. Any questions you have can be posted in any of the Linx social groups and we'll pick a few and answer what we can.
Progress Updates :
-- Exchanges: As you are all no doubt aware the space has changed a lot over the past few months and many exchanges now only seem to be interested in ERC20 tokens that have raised significant funds from an ICO - and therefore can afford the substantial listing prices that some centralised exchanges are currently charging. We have some options on the table but we would really like to hear feedback from the community as to which exchanges they would prefer to see us spend the money on.
With that said we are totally prepared to follow the listing fee route with exchanges that still offer this option (fewer and fewer of them around it seems), but as mentioned above we would like to get some feedback from you guys before we proceed as we need to choose wisely. We want to ensure that there is a bigger marketplace for Linx traders but at the same time we don't want to see pump and dumps.
We have already submitted listing applications to several of the big exchanges but we have no further details to report at this time.
We've also begun adding Linx to voting systems on exchanges that offer this feature. Here is the voting link for SouthXchange - - the Linx voting address is 16bt2DWHh2hxzgjK31sCifiLuUcvQaUFti if you want to support this listing. If there are any exchanges in particular that you would like us to add please let us know.
Although this is not ideal right now we believe that the future is going to be much brighter as more and more people move towards decentralised exchanges. We most certainly will be adding Linx to as many of these as possible as soon as the updated Linx source is released. The updated source fully supports DEX requirements.
-- Platform: We implemented some exciting tech this week on the streaming side of things. Beta testers will get to try it first and once we're happy that the platform is ready to launch we'll be able to tell you about it. Yes this is secretive but for good reason. We are not trying to sell anything based on this information, we're just keeping you in the loop while building something new and fresh. The last thing we need is somebody trying to copy our ideas before we've had a chance to release them. All things going well we should be in a position to give you a timeframe for the beta release in the next update. If you are wondering why you can't see any activity on our github for anything to do with the platform it's because it's all being done on our own self hosted private gitlab repository. At some point in the future we may open this repo up for community contributions, but for now it's strictly an in-house affair. Just because you can't see what's happening doesn't mean we're not busy beavering away :)
-- Retail Integration: No further news on this at the moment, please see the statement from Traxsource if you are unaware of the current situation.
Please get your questions in for the next update, we're listening :)
Wishing you all a fantastic week and, as always, thank you for being #LinxHeadz!
User: can you expand even a little on the music streaming platform?
Dev:Sure, the streaming part is just one aspect of the platform. It will enable artists to self-distribute. It can be used to simply showcase their work (think Soundcloud etc) or it can be used as a direct-to-fan sales platform utilizing instant purchases and downloads. It can also be used as a secure private distribution platform, for example - a producer or band sending out demo's to record labels. The labels will be able to play the track but the public will have no access or even knowledge that the track exists.
User: Regarding the exchanges and fees: can you elaborate on what options are on the table?
Dev:We'd rather not for the simple reason that once we start naming exchanges it opens up the doors for potentially negative responses aimed at said exchanges, remember this is all being discussed in a public forum. But more importantly, we don't want to lead the conversation. Right now the addition of new exchanges is more important to you guys than it is to us, so we'd rather hear what you want without trying to steer the debate in one direction or another.
Thanks for the suggestions of exchanges so far, please keep them coming.
Dev: Hi guys, please find some responses to your recent comments, suggestions and questions below. Team Linx
User: "wish we had more info about the payment system" Dev: As mentioned before, we spent months building a highly customised version just for Traxsource. As well as being a realtime payment processing engine it also includes a fully detailed customer management and tracking system including accounting and refund processing. It's incredibly simple to install on a retailers server and it is also completely self-hosted. It doesn't rely on, or even talk to, any of our servers. It only requires one live encrypted node (that doesn't even have to be localised) to connect to the Linx blockchain and a server with a valid SSL certificate to operate. It will convert several different FIAT currencies into Linx on the fly based on the current average exchange rate and includes weighting options for the retailer to cover any potential price swings. It's a fully automated system that creates unique user accounts for each customer and tracks their purchase history - it can even offer automatic discounts based on this. It fully integrates with any existing customer database or accounting system that a retailer may already have. It has several levels of security built in including anti-fraud mechanisms. It has a complete user management system whereby the sysadmin can grant varying levels of restricted access to company employees. It truly is a one click solution for any retailer that wants to start accepting Linx on an existing store and a fully functional out of the box customer management system for those wanting to open an online store from scratch. What was once a simple payment processing engine has evolved into a beast of a system unlike anything else out there in this space for sure.
User: "Do you feel the current developers can handle the workload required? Any plans to expand the linx team in the near term?” Dev: It is a lot of work, and the unexpected delays haven't helped at all, but it's important that these early stages of the platform are completed by the core team as they understand the full vision. Yes, we absolutely plan to expand the team once the platform stage is out of the way. We are actively looking for a dedicated lead iOS Dev, (if anybody in the community has suggestions we are all ears). We've already got people waiting to go with regards to the music PR side of things, we've had them from the start.
User: "new exchange suggestions" Dev: Many thanks to all of those that have put forward their suggestions of potential exchanges. We have been making applications where relevant. Some exchanges have already got back to us with offers of listing fees. Once we hear back from all of them we'll review the situation and decide where to go from there.
User: "Bittrex" Dev: We have already re-submitted Linx for listing on Bittrex. When we originally submitted it last year, the circulating coin supply was too low. At the time they required at least 10% of the total supply to be out there, this wasn't the case back then, but it is now. Please keep in mind that if Bittrex does decide to list Linx we will not be able to talk about it.
User: "TradeOgre also is free and good coins are being added there" Dev: Linx has been submitted for listing on TradeOgre.
User: "Dex exchanges" Dev: We will be submitting to many of these as soon as the updated source code is released. There are BIP's in the updated source that are required for DEX listings.
User: "what about the exchange you said you had?", "why aren't you talking about that?", "they have also made irresponsible announcements such as that they had 1 definite and more pending exchanges" Dev: We have definite options on the table to pay for listing Linx. We are not going to disclose what exchanges these are until, and if, we decide to actually go with any of these. This was the primary reason why we asked for your opinions.
User: "starting a community fund to cover exchange listing fees" Dev: Thank you, this is true community spirit and let's us know how much you care about this project being successful! Hopefully this won't be required but it's good to know that some of you have got our backs in this respect :)
User: "there's something fishy going with big buy orders", "looks like insider trading", "somebody knows something" Dev: As mentioned above, we have submitted Linx to several exchanges. It's possible that any of these could have decided to get some supply prior to a potential listing, but if that is the case we certainly wouldn't know about it.
User: "linx kiosk and linxtalk.org" Dev: Neither of these are anything to do with us.
User: "They abandoned the project for the moment. No roadmap,no news about exchanges, no news about the integration with TRAXSOURCE, no real dates when they communicate Only promises. I think they did on puropose to let the price go down" Dev: Categorically not true. Why would we want to kill the value of our own project and upset the entire community at the same time? We’d lose all round! If anything, it's posts spreading FUD like this that could be having negative effects on the price. Of course it's your right to say whatever you want if that's what you believe, just don't expect anything positive to come of it if you do though.
User: "sometimes I think they are professionals and they know what they do, other times I think they are naive and lacking in experience", "i think they are just to slow for crypto business", "I feel like the project is being run by arrogant musicians rather than business folk with common sense", "honestly I dont think we can expect anything from Linx" Dev: How are these comments at all helpful or constructive? Insulting our project management, our team's characters' and our abilities has no value and is nothing more than that - throwing insults. Not only is it unhelpful but it’s irresponsible to the rest of the community. These forums were set up for supporters of the project. Please remember that they are also accessible to any potential exchange or business partner. Anybody that uses these forums to simply slag off the project and the team are undermining all of our efforts and the efforts of the rest of the community to move the project forward, not to mention the negative effects comments like this will have on new members joining.
User: "They have said many times their least concern is the investors" Dev: Of course we are concerned that people have put their faith and trust in us and we aim to deliver, but if you want us to make a choice between working on making this happen or spending our time posting pointless updates to keep speculators happy the work will win every time.
We all win when we achieve what we've set out to do and then you guys start shouting about how great it is and inviting people to see for themselves. We've taken onboard the valid criticisms about the lack of communication and are actively rectifying that.
User: "You don't have to do things just to tick them..." Dev: So you want us to lie then? Wrong project.
User: "I doubt linx really want to avoid the crypto community and not understand the importance of community support, but their stance is that they only want hype when the hype is supported by fact. After being burnt by their own mini-hype they are even more conservative in leaking info now." Dev: 100% correct. It has never been our intention to cut the crypto community out, if that were the case we would have just got on and done our thing without even bothering to tell anybody about it until we were ready to go.
We are all too aware of what "community" can sometimes mean in the crypto space. We know there are many of you that support our vision and are very excited, as are we, about what we are trying to achieve, but sadly this doesn't ring true for lots of others. We're not naive, we know a lot of you are here to make money and then move on to the next thing. That's absolutely fine, but don't get that confused with "community support". What we have tried to do from the start is minimise the hype/fud that "communities" rely on as our goal for this project is much more than to just be another coin sitting on an exchange. We are building something that we hope will revolutionise the way assets change hands in our industry (the music business). This is why we haven't subscribed to the same tactics that some other crypto projects use. We know we have something here and we believe we can make this happen. We don't need, or want, people shilling the project based on future promises. We brought this project to the crypto community to give those of you that liked the sound of what we are planning the chance to get involved and support it early. We knew we were a way off from realising most of our goals which is why we haven't hyped it yet.
User: "hard questions require harder answers" Dev: Couldn't agree more, let's do it!
User: "1. Rapidly improve the entire approach to communications and remove all previous lead dev arrogance.” Dev: Communication criticisms have been taken on board, hence the regular Q&A. Lead dev arrogance? What is your reason for this comment? Please expand.
User: "2. List the coin on many many more exchanges immediately (Use dev fee if needed and discuss community raised funds).” Dev: As mentioned above, Linx has been submitted to many exchanges and the community raised funds issue has also been addressed.
User: "3. Hire more team members (actually use the dev fee / no man is an island)." Dev: So you'd like us to dump our dev fee on the exchanges to hire some more people? What do you suppose that would do to the price and confidence in the project right now? Is this really what you want us to do? We are managing this project responsibly. As explained above, we will expand our team when needed.
User: "4. Set out a new clear product roadmap that is achievable, and stick to it. This is just software, break it down and get it out there.” Dev: We have a roadmap. This isn't just "software". We are talking about opening up the crypto space to an entirely new market here. The marketing and branding of this project is just as, if not more, important as the "software".
User: "5. Stop creating more hidden sub projects / idealistic dreams, this will hurt the overall brand and project long term, if the mic cable gets pulled out again inadvertently.” Dev: You mean like issuing a new roadmap?
User: "6. Think about strategy, security and data privacy, way in advance (GDPR re: linx social platform api usage - should have seen that a mile off).” Dev: Security and privacy have been utmost in our thinking since day one. It's one of the reasons we created Linx in the first place. It's also why we shut down our web wallet. With regards to GDPR we have been fully compliant since the first line of code was typed. What we couldn't account for was how the big social platforms were going to limit, or in some cases entirely lock down their API’s due to GDPR. We've had to make adjustments based on ongoing changes being made to these platforms, as will any other platform using API’s in this way. As mentioned in the last Q&A this has actually pushed us in another, much bolder direction than we first anticipated. It's just going to take a bit longer to realise it.
User: "7. Release the new 2.0 source code and talk about it with your community." Dev: The new source is coming and there will be a full update about what's changed when it's released.
User: "8. Do more Q&A’s." Dev: Hello :)
User: "9. Listen to and work with your community (crypto or otherwise) there is much intelligence in mass. Do not ever alienate them again, these are your fans, holders and miners, keeping your network secure. Without them, this will be doomed to the bedroom.” Dev: We are well aware of the importance of the miners that secure the network. We chose a POW algorithm to ensure that Linx could involve the entire crypto scene. We also value the support of the community when it's real support or valid criticism, and not just bitching because their planned pump and dump didn't pay off. As you can see, we will happily address any valid question or criticism. But we're not going to pander to people that are simply insulting us.
User: "10. Keep positive." Dev: Why would we not be positive? It does wonders for our team moral reading comments from our "supporters" about how useless we are, it really encourages us. Seriously though, If you really mean this and want us to keep positive then you the community can help with this. Insulting us, spreading FUD & general negging is not the way to help with positivity. end. ... With your consent, we would like to use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience with our service, for analytics, and for advertising purposes. best 16 free premium link generator that works in 2020 without having to register or login before you can download links from those premium sites. You can find other sites that handle rapidgator p
[index] [36835] [48178] [14091] [19084] [39179] [6244] [48943] [47010] [27664] [39144]
This is a good time to talk about Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general.I want to clear up what we know so far and what questions we still have. Should you... Lets Talk Crypto Videos; Playlists; Channels; Discussion; About ; Home Trending History Get YouTube Premium Get YouTube TV Best of YouTube Music Sports Gaming Movies TV Shows News Live Fashion ... Lets have a chat about Crypto, Precious metals and Fiat What you you think the pros and cons are and how do you feel about this new asset class of crypto? See you later and thanks for joining in ... Wes Carlson, Suyash, Slava, and Omar discuss the newly released White-paper of the Libra Project by FACEBOOK. Highlights include: - Bitcoin vs Libra Coin - How will regulators view Libra Coin ... Abby Martin speaks with Andreas Antonopoulos, founder of Root Eleven and co-host of let's Talk Bitcoin, discussing how Bitcoin works, and why it's so important to have a decentralized system of money.
#The government is considering setting up a dedicated agriculture entrepreneurship cell for the betterment of the country's agriculture sector, said Agriculture Minister Dr Mohammad Abdur Razzaque on Saturday.
This cell will help create new agriculture entrepreneurs, the minister observed.
"It's now very important to create new agriculture entrepreneurs and also to encourage the persons involved with the sector for the development of the country's agriculture sector. We are seriously thinking to create a cell that will help a lot for agriculture entrepreneurship development," Mr Razzaque said while launching the agriculture entrepreneurs' conference at the auditorium of Bangladesh Agriculture Research Council (BARC) at Farmgate in the capital.
He said the cell will provide information to the farmers about what crops they should cultivate considering places and seasons, the process of agriculture crops and give them other necessary supports.
United Commercial Bank Ltd and Bikashito Bangladesh Foundation jointly organised the event which was attended by agriculture entrepreneurs from 33 districts of the country.
The minister said the officials at the grassroots level have been asked to monitor strictly whether the deserving farmers were getting agriculture loans properly or facing any problem in getting the same.
Earlier the government disbursed Tk280 billion agriculture loans among the farmers.
About recent attacks on Hindus during the just ended Durga Puja in different places of the country, Mr Razzaque said the whole nation was ashamed by the heinous incidents.
He added Bangladesh is a country where Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, Christians and other tribes have been living for ages side by side very peacefully maintaining communal harmony.
Managing Director of United Commercial Bank and former agriculture secretary and also coordinator of the conference Anwar Faruk presided over the conference.
Managing Director (Agriculture Loan Section) of Bangladesh Bank Md Abdul Hakim also spoke on the occasion.Gastroenterology
16 - 30 of 72 Results
Sort Results:
Guideline: Management of nonvariceal upper GI bleeding, International Consensus Group, 2019 January 2020
Article: Optimize PPI Dosing for Nonvariceal Upper GI Bleeds January 2020
Chart: Meds That Should Not Be Crushed January 2020
FAQ: Managing Upper GI Bleeds January 2020
Article: Don't Focus on the INR When Treating Acute Bleeding in Cirrhosis December 2019
Article: Assess Perioperative Infection Risk for Immunosuppressants and Biologics September 2019
Article: Maximize Safety When Using Anticoagulants in Patients With Cirrhosis July 2019
Article: Update Your Acute Ulcerative Colitis Protocols With the Latest Evidence June 2019
FAQ: Acute Severe Ulcerative Colitis FAQs June 2019
Checklist: Gluten in Meds June 2019
Chart: Proton Pump Inhibitors: Appropriate Use and Safety Concerns February 2019
Chart: Outpatient Alcohol Detox and Relapse Prevention February 2019
Chart: Stress Ulcer Prophylaxis February 2019
Article: Refocus on Limiting PPIs or H2-Blockers for Stress Ulcer Prophylaxis February 2019
Article: Take Special Precautions When Patients With Cirrhosis Undergo Surgery January 2019: (0 item)
A physical networking event for the South Holland region. All businesses are welcome!
The Woodlands Hotel, 80 Pinchbeck Rd, Spalding, Lincolnshire, PE11 1QF
A member-only event including a formal board membership, officer elections, and reports on activity.
Lincoln Business Centre, Lincoln College, Monks Road, Lincoln, Lincolnshire, LN2 5HQ
Event Category:
Event Location:
Date:
Please provide a brief explanation of the bug:
Your email address (optional)
Upload screenshot (optional)
We really appreciate you taking the time to report this bug, we will look into it ASAP.
Log into your account
Username or Email Address
Lost Password?- Answer Kamilla
- Quote Kamilla
There Are Plenty Of People Having Problems
Perfectly the majority of the lady currently very disappointed that we have detected as it is most difficult to talk along with them today because they’re really horrible to us all people frequently with no factor in any way. It is really quite noticeable the reasons of us excellent simple men are continue to individual currently within the people of today bring actually transformed from escort service years ago.
- Reply to In Addition To The Simple Truth Is
- Price Plus The The Fact Is
require information.
We have a husband who has been hard satisfy. We’ve been wedded for 20+ a very long time. Everything I do has actually an “ulterior” objective in his mind’s eye. I would not envision I can also acquire the full about this to provide any person good outlook of the thing I was managing. He was attached to a girl for maybe 2-3 days. I don’t know precisely why he wedded the lady and just wild while she scammed on him or her before these were partnered and he continue to married their – consequently after they were given attached she duped once again so he kicked the woman away. When they are split for like a couple of years you begun a relationship and received attached. He’s actually old-fashioned consideration which from time to time is great as well as periods it is also tense. Anyway – basically actually contact another people he gets slightly outrageous. Lately we owned a colleague just who missed a spouse and our youngsters comprise good relatives. The two (the kids) have been over most since that taken place and my husband enjoys blown that entire factor into he could be looking into me. Concise of creating discussions about this in the night. right after I are seem asleep – he will wake myself all the way up – what exactly is wrong – I am sure there will be something completely wrong. I can’t also confer with your anymore – actually social media optimisation content he twists into the latest measurement of implying a thing totally different. I am just likely to bar him from my own social media marketing blogs to put an end to that. We walk-on eggshells. He brings our mobile and says my own texts and it has found practically nothing – but nevertheless swears there will be something there. The manner in which the guy feels is the simply right way whenever you try to present your something else could commonly produce him or her upset. I’m like a caged chicken and I feel she’s smothering me and also the whole situation is generating me really unhappy. I be pleased even when circumstances are supposed completely wrong – I deal with it and move forward. The man complains and adds people around him all the way down and blames all of them what’s best experienced nothing at all to do with they. He is able to influence themselves around his personal family members and around consumers the guy feels a lot of. He’ll boast people doing folks, but once the mommy is approximately or if perhaps some body they have chose he is doingn’t treat is approximately he’s downright upsetting and rude. Precisely what is peculiar – can it be’s all right if he is doing they – but if you will turn around and carry out the very same – however feel telling you regarding this. He’s great traits – he could be a difficult employee and a beneficial carrier. And the thing I bring just revealed merely a gentle overview, nowhere near an intensive description. My favorite major question is how will you give yourself area from you such as this if you are wedded with kiddies however comfortable staying in alike room? Now I am free-lance but I really don’t become i will supporting personally without work which will likely mean I would need certainly to stop your businesses when I wouldn’t be available for engagements. I favor your very own information – and I consider it might manage good for a reduced comparative or pal – but how do you really succeed for a person your home is with that seems occasionally illogical.
- Reply to need tips and advice
- Rate need assistance
Looking for responses
Reading through all-in hard work to find out how to talk to a grown-up loved one. She claimed she is identified as having long-term poor quality anxiety. It is sometimes hard become around her. She discovers slights just where uncover none. Surely the lady brothers stated the man does’t have learned to function around her, that it’s like walking on eggshells. She throws most “nasties” at me; thinks it is actually okay to criticize me personally ahead of many, etc. Mostly, I have not just answered but since we low your most youthful kid, their activities overwhelms me personally. These days, they have reached the “straw that broke the camel’s back”. I wish to sit them out and inform this lady how this has an effect on myself but in the morning concerned just how that progressively hurt them. We-all hurt since I stolen simple boy. He had been a loving, affectionate, friendly guy; it is as we stolen the sunshine being received by a space. Stating that because i do believe which is affecting my personal past threshold. Any good recommend online? Thankfulness.Explore the upholstery and frame options available for this piece at the bottom of this page..
The Bauhaus Archive in Berlin has officially licensed the F51 from Tecta as an authentic Bauhaus production, made to the exact proportions of the original design.
In the 1920s the first tubular steel furniture by Marcel Breuer and Mies van der Rohe was produced using nickel-plated steel frames, which at the time was state of the art technology. This tradition is why Tecta still produces the original Bauhaus models from that era with nickel plating.
Nickel plating slightly patinas over time giving it an organic feel and has a warmer appearance than chrome or stainless, however Tecta also offers matte-finished V2A stainless steel on some models.
All Tecta steel tube frames are produced completely in Germany and Italy - including the galvanization process - in accordance with EU environmental directives.
Inspired by the tradition of the Bauhaus' legendary textile production, the Cavalry Cloth from Tecta is a staple wool upholstery available in timeless colours..
A.
Divina Melange is a textile characterised by its lack of texture and nap and consequently the fabric accentuates the dimensions of the furniture, giving prominence to the colours.
Melange means mixture. The original six grey and beige colourways are produced by mixing varying proportions of either black or brown wool with white wool. The different colours of wool are mixed before the garment is spun.
The additional colourways have come about by dipping the two base colours in bold, virtually luminous pigments creating coloured melanges.
Woven.
The gentle satin surface finish of the weave contrasts with the deep shadowy tones in the depths, giving a multifaceted richness to the intense colours in the range. Tightly woven, without the irregularities of the other bouclé fabrics within this collection, Vidar has an inviting texture, which variously recalls blackberries, orange peel or the comforting close-knit texture of a favourite sweater.
High quality, thick semi-aniline leather made from Central European cowhide tanned in correspondence with the ecological "Blauer Engel" Standard.Intel® NUC Rugged Board Element CMB1ABC
Specifications
Compare Intel® Products
Essentials
- Product Collection Intel® NUC Board Elements
- Code Name Products formerly Austin Beach
- Status Launched
- Launch Date Q3'20
- Supported Operating Systems Windows 11*, Windows 10*, Linux*
- Board Form Factor U-series Element Carrier Board
- Internal Drive Form Factor M.2 SSD
- # of Internal Drives Supported 2
- TDP 15 W
- DC Input Voltage Supported 12V~24V
- Warranty Period 3 yrs
Supplemental Information
- Datasheet View now
- Description The modular Intel® NUC Rugged Board designed for the Intel® NUC Rugged Chassis Element or for use in a third-party chassis and/or embedded solutions. The Six HDMI* ports are designed for digital signage and ideal for the QSR market or display walls.
- Product Brief View now
- Additional Information View now
Processor Graphics
- Graphics Output Six HDMI, eDP
- # of Displays Supported ‡ 6
Expansion Options
- M.2 Card Slot (storage) 2280, 2242/80 (M-key)
I/O Specifications
- USB Configuration USB 3.2g2: 1x front, 2x rear ports
USB 3.1g1: 1x header
USB 2.0: 1x front port, 2x headers
- # of Serial Ports 2
- Serial Port via Internal Header Yes
- Integrated LAN Intel® i219-LM GbE
- Additional Headers Front panel (PWR_SW, PWR_LED, RST, HDD_Act, 5V, 5Vsby, 3.3Vsby); Internal 2x2 power connector
Package Specifications
- Chassis Dimensions 200 x 136.4 mm
Ordering and Compliance
Drivers and Software
Description
Type
More
OS
Version
Date
All
View Details
Download
No results found for
Y
/apps/intel/arksuite/template/arkProductPageTemplate
Latest Drivers & Software
Name
Intel® Gigabit Ethernet Network Connection Driver for Windows® 10 for Intel® NUC Chassis and Board Elements
Provides Intel® Gigabit Ethernet Network Connection Driver for Windows® 10 for Intel® NUC Chassis and Board Elements.View download options.
25.4
10/1/2020.
Warranty Period
Warranty document for this product is available on.
Graphics Output
Graphics Output defines the interfaces available to communicate with display devices.
M.2 Card Slot (storage)
M.2 Card Slot (storage) indicates presence of an M.2 slot that's keyed for storage expansion cards
# of Serial Ports
A Serial Port is a computer interface used for connecting peripherals.
Integrated LAN
Integrated LAN indicates the presence of an integrated Intel Ethernet MAC or presence of the LAN ports built into the system board.
Additional Headers
Additional Headers indicates presence of additional interfaces such as NFC, auxiliary power, and others..Amazon is in discussions to acquire MGM Holdings, said a person familiar with the situation, in what would be the ecommerce giant’s biggest move yet to expand in entertainment.
MGM owns a major film library, with interests in the long running James Bond franchise as well as other well known titles such as Rocky and Pink Panther. It also owns the Epix cable channel and makes TV shows, including The Handmaid’s Tale and Fargo and reality shows such as Shark Tank and Survivor. An acquisition would beef up Amazon’s film studio and streaming services Prime Video and IMDB. A deal could cost between $7 billion and $10 billion.Tag: Glenn Brok
Ghosts of racetracks past: Always old-timers’ day at Commodore Downs
by Linda Dougherty | Mar 8, 2019 | Breaking, Features, Regionwide, Top Stories | 2 |
Diamond B to add Social Inclusion, Eastwood for 2019
by Press Release | Oct 30, 2018 | Breaking, Breeding, PA Breeding, Pennsylvania | 0 |
Pennsylvania: Lower takeout, tougher drug rules called for in 2018
by Linda Dougherty | Jan 4, 2018 | Breaking, Business, PA Business, Pennsylvania, Top Stories | 0 |
Who’s The Man?
by Linda Dougherty | May 9, 2017 | Breaking, Features, PA Racing, Pennsylvania, Racing, Top Stories | 0 |
“Wow factor” horse Peace and Justice standing in Pennsylvania
by Sponsored | Mar 14, 2017 | Breaking, Breeding, PA Breeding, Pennsylvania, Top Stories | 0 |
Some hips to watch at Fasig-Tipton sale
by Frank Vespe | Jan 27, 2017 | Breaking, Breeding, Business, Regionwide, Top Stories | 0 |
Sellers hoping for the best in Fasig-Tipton mixed sale
by Frank Vespe | Jan 26, 2017 | Breaking, Breeding, Business, Regionwide, Top Stories | 0 |
What's Hot
Princess Kokachin upsets Hello Beautiful in Politely
Wide open group set for WV Futurity
Pie time at Laurel Park!
Whereshetoldmetogo narrow winner in Bender Meml..Music lineup for the weekend
Beehive bar
Friday: Traditional Music with Jim & Fiona.
Saturday: Tanya McCole
Sunday: The Fantastic Tim Edey
Corner House
Live Music every night with Pastor JJ, Paddy O’Rourke & Brendan
Nancys bar
Saturday: Music with Sun of a Gun
Doherty’s Bar
Saturday: Country Night with Sean McMonagle
Céile House
Live traditional sessions every night.- Fabric:
TOP – Pashmina Print With Heavy Embroidery Work Patches
BOTTOM – Pashmina Print & Dyed
DUPATTA – Pashmina Shawl Digital Print
Splendid Quality With Digitally Printed Fabric
Occasion: Winter, Festive & Party Wear
- Type : Un-Stitched Free Size
(There might be a little color & design variation in the image and original product due to photographic lighting sources or your monitor settings).
ALISHAIF'S 4-POINTS HAPPINESS CHECKLIST
- FREE Shipping
- Online Payment - No surprises or Hidden Fee
- COD available all over India
- Quality Assurance 100%
We use encrypted SSL certificates for 100% security.
------------------------------
A series of opinion pieces on, mostly climate change and related subjects to do with New Zealand.
4/9/2014
5 Comments
I do not think you are getting paranoid at all, I am just under 70 and am convinced the occurrences of flood and heavy precipitation are increasing worldwide, as I get older, recently there have been extreme events in several countries including Siberia, The Balkans, Nepal, India, Japan, South Korea and the U.S.A. Wundergrounds weather historian, Christopher C. Burt is frequently reporting record precipitation events, UNISDR prevention web shows a steady increase since 1980, Munich RE insurance data also shows a strong upward trend on flooding events. NASA has recently made public a mountain of satellite monitored precipitation event data and results should be interesting as time passes by and they roll in.
Hello Bob. I read the article on Christchurch. Much of the city is only just above sea level and will be flooded within the next 50-100 years. They should have taken the opportunity to build most of the bigger buildings on higher ground but it would have taken a very brave politician to attempt to do that. This is a good website for checking the levels of sea level around the world. .
Just to add an interesting article I read today on Deutsche Welle regarding Christchurch rebuilding and heavy precipitation considerations.
Here is the link-
This morning I was looking through the news as I help as a co-editor on a Climate Related website, and see yet another sad article of flooding and deaths happening right now in Kashmir (Pakistan and India). I know these tragedies have always happened as is frequently pointed out by GHG effect skeptics, but the frequency of these event is really becomingAnna Nicole Smith’s film finale — a campy B-grade movie called “Illegal Aliens” she helped bankroll — was supposed to be a comedy. Whether it will be received that way now is unclear, though, says director David Giancola, who canceled three screenings in the wake of her death.
“I don’t think it’s appropriate, based on the content of the film, to be screening it at this time,” he said Friday. “We don’t know what happened to Anna. The press speculation is endless. We didn’t think people would find it funny. It’s a comedy and it’s her making fun of her public persona. So much of it is riffing on Anna and her riffing on herself, I just don’t think, with her passing, it’s appropriate to screen it so quickly after her death.”
Smith, 39, was found unconscious Thursday in a Hollywood, Fla., casino-hotel and declared dead later. An autopsy was performed Friday.
The former Playboy playmate, whose previous screen credits include “The Hudsucker Proxy” and “Naked Gun 33 1/3,” filmed her last movie in Vermont in 2005.
In the 96-minute “Illegal Aliens,” she plays one of three extraterrestrials who fight an intergalactic terrorist. Edgewood Studios bills it as “Charlie’s Angels goes sci-fi.” One of her co-stars is professional wrestler Joanie Laurer.
Once Smith agreed to do the movie, she also agreed to invest in it — Giancola wouldn’t say how much. Smith and her son are credited as associate producers, Giancola said.
A screening planned for Saturday night in Johnstown, N.Y., and two more next week in Vermont are now canceled. The release date for the movie hasn’t been set.
“We had planned to release it in April and were making preparations. But right now, it’s such an early stage, we just don’t know. We’re all kind of in shock right now,” said Giancola, 37.
He said he doesn’t know whether her sudden death will ramp up interest in “Illegal Aliens” or not.
“The public interest in her is so great, in everything she does. I don’t quite understand it,” Giancola said.Kapok Dubbing - Rusty Orange
Kapok Dubbing is the ultimate in dubbing for your fishing flies as it is very buoyant – indeed it is known as life jackets for flies! Kapok is a natural hollow fibre that when Kapok Dubbing Dubbing with repeatable colours every time. With Kapok Dubbing buoyancy is lost slowly, tests have left it for days in test baths and it very slowly over days absorbs water.
Our Kapok dubbing is available in a range of very natural / earthy dubbing colors have been defined to produce the best dry fly dubbing available in the market.
Individual Kapok Dubbing.~~January 8, 2018~~
THEIR TIME IS UP
MAGNIFICENCE!!
~Annual Cecil B. DeMille Award for Lifetime Achievement~
I’ve always admired her. I followed her when she had her TV show. Her movies, her OWN Network.
So deserving of this award.
Listen and watch the introduction and her powerful speech.
The video speaks for itself.
HortyRex©
~Full Transcript of Oprah’s Inspirational Golden Globes Speech~
Oprah Winfrey was the recipient of the Golden Globes‘.”
~~TRANSCRIPT~~
~~GRAPHICS SOURCE~~
Google Images
DISCLAIMER
I do not own these images.
No intention of taking credit.
If anyone knows the owner of any, please advise and it will be corrected immediately.
HortyRex©
#OprahWinfrey #Intro #PowerfulSpeech #GoldenGlobes2018 #HollywoodForeignPressAssociation #MeToo #TimesUp #CecilBDeMille #AwardLifetimeAchievement #AcceptanceSpeech #SundayCeremony #ReeseWitherspoon #AWrinkleInTime #Inspirational #UpliftingSpeech #RaceGender #FightForEquality #RecyTaylor #JimCrow #RosaParks
#WeAllAreOne #ItIsWhatItIs #DrRex #HortyRex #hrexach
~Oprah’s POWERFUL Speech Golden Globes 2018~
~~Published on Jan 7, 2018~~
Oprah’s speech Golden Globe 2018
We ALL are ONE!!
- : Lactose Intolerance
Lactose intolerance happens because the body has trouble digesting a kind of sugar. This sugar — called lactose — is in milk and milk products.
More to Know
Lactose intolerance happens when the body makes too little of an enzyme called lactase. The body needs lactase to break down lactose.
People with lactose intolerance might have belly pain, gas, bloating, and diarrhea after they eat milk products. How bad these problems are depends on the person. Some people can have small amounts of dairy without problems. Others have a lot of stomach trouble and need to avoid all dairy products.
Sometimes people get lactose intolerance after an illness or from taking medicines. In these cases, the lactose intolerance can go away after a few days or weeks.
Keep in Mind
People can manage lactose intolerance by not drinking as much milk or eating fewer dairy products. Because the body needs calcium, they should eat more non-dairy products that have calcium, like calcium-fortified juice or soy milk; green, leafy vegetables; and beans. People who avoid milk and dairy products may need calcium and vitamin D supplements.
Taking lactase enzyme supplements before eating dairy will help the body digest lactose and prevent problems.
All A to Z dictionary entries are regularly reviewed by KidsHealth medical experts.
- About Recipes for Kids With Lactose Intolerance
- What's the Difference Between a Food Allergy and a Food Intolerance?
- Lactose Intolerance
- A to Z Symptom: Diarrhea
- A to Z: Flatulence, Eructation, and Gas Pain
- Lactose Intolerance Factsheet (for Schools)
Note: All information is for educational purposes only. For specific medical advice,
diagnoses, and treatment, consult your doctor.
Images provided by The Nemours Foundation, iStock, Getty Images, Veer, Shutterstock, and Clipart.com.Media often highlights the body disorders faced by women, but often fail to make this problem universal between both men and women. According to NEDA, "20 million women and 10 million men will suffer from a clinically significant eating disorder at some time in their life." Men suffer from the same body disorders as women such as anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, and binge eating disorder. However, society has instilled a masculinity expectancy for men. This has caused men to not seek treatment in fear of being labeled "feminine." Granted the severity of the disease, society must band together to fight the social standard of beauty. Male or female, the point is, there should be no standard.WILD FLAVOUR FROM THE FORESTS!
Our Story
In very beginning of mankind a man went hunting in order to get meat for food. In the course of time a man acquired also skills of domesticating particular wild animals till he has found species that can be raised and bred in captivity. In 20th and now 21st century population grew swiftly as well as demand for meat and its products. Therefore livestock meat production became a huge and complicated industry.
Nowadays livestock are kept in narrowness, fed with genetically modified feed and medicines so that they are ready for a slaughter three times faster than those naturally grew up. Moreover in many parts of the world also a breeding of wild animals in natural environment and production of meat products have already been industrialized.
Baltic Wild began and developed its activity in one of the greenest* and richest in forests** countries in the world – in Latvia. It’s a land which is widely inhabited by storks, frogs and bees – creatures that choose only ecologically clean areas for their habitat. The company buys, processes and offers to clients wild game meat and its products only from animals who grew up in natural environment.
The biggest advantage of the game meat is its nutritional value. Forrest animals move around the unlimited territory and take from nature as much as they require, therefore all trace elements in game meat are in a balanced amount. Besides, the game meat contains more iron and essential amino acids in comparison with livestock meat.
Nowadays people again begin to appreciate naturalness, quality and moderation – a life that is in compliance and harmony with the environment and nature. It’s a sustainable approach that allows to think that today’s choices will influence also the future of our children and grandchildren.
Our goal is to give people a chance to enjoy natural and high-quality food. We offer fresh and frozen game meat, semi-prepared foods and prepared foods – canned game meat, cold smoked, hard dried sausages, dumplings with game meat, meat for burgers and our biggest pride – our speciality air dried meat under different tastes. In cooperation with the best Latvian chefs we offer also different recipes, that will help to cook delicious and sophisticated meals for everyday or special event.
Just some of our clients: HTJ.tax, Ireland Accountant, Louth Plumbers, Celebrity Emcee Joshua Lim, Model Agency Evergreen Talents.
Currently, we are constantly working on business development and introduction of new products without any compromise in the issues of quality.
Why choose Baltic Wild game meat?
Quality and Safety
Guarantees
Procedure
Baltic Wild game meat and products are being produced in accordance with the European Commission regulations, standards and Latvian legal acts on obtaining, processing, packing, storing and transportation of game meat.
Monitoring
Safety of game meat food is being monitored and controlled by Food and Veterinary Service specialists. Production of Baltic Wild products is being strictly monitored starting with a game in forests and ending with a finished product.
Frequently Asked Questions
Baltic Wild is a game meat legend of Northern Europe – high-quality game meat products and delicacies. Discover now!
Nowadays livestock are kept in narrowness, fed with genetically modified forage and medicines so that they are ready for a slaughter three times faster than naturally grown ones. Moreover, in many parts of the world also a breeding of wild animals in natural environment and production of meat products have already been industrialized. Whereas Baltic Wild game meat products are obtained from wild animals, which are grown up in a natural environment. Therefore, their meat contains all micro-elements in balanced amount. And finally, it is a story about an excellent taste adventure!
Retail companies and catering companies can easily order Baltic Wild products via our electronic ordering system, or by contacting us.
Taste Baltic Wild red deer, elk and wild boar meat – we offer to purchase fresh game meat and finished products.
In accordance with legal acts the hunting takes place so as to ensure the protection and preservation of populations of wild animal species, gene pool and inhabited environment.
Throughout the process of obtaining and processing Baltic Wild game meat we observe strict quality and safety standards in accordance with the laws and requirements of Food and Veterinary Service.
We deliver fresh (refrigerated) game meat and game meat products throughout Europe within 3 days. Contact us and find out the fastest possible delivery to your address!
Sell-by date varies for each product type. For canned game meat it is three years. To learn more, please, contact us!
Game meat products provide unlimited fantasy opportunities for cooking unforgettable meal for both every day and special events.
Did not find your question? Feel free to contact us!Hamburger Edition, ; A. He spent a week with the squad leader of p. Muhsfeldt came up to the expectations of his superiors and had shown, once again, he could work efficiently. In his own estimation, he and his team cremated 33, corpses during his two and a half years of employment at Majdanek, that is, between November and May I estimated that the forest area was about 8 kilometres from Majdanek concentration camp. The corpses burned only very slowly, for the p.
Abspann Ende Teil 3. Socio-structural Analyses and Biographical Studies. Abspann Ende Teil 1. Under the terms of the licence agreement, an individual user may print out a PDF of a single chapter of a monograph in MSO for personal use for details see www. The accused, who hardly said a word during the original trial, eagerly volunteer in front of the camera. The SS killed the prisoners in Majdanek and destroyed their bodies in many different ways. At this time only those Jews who came to the camp at night with the transports were gassed in crematoria I and II with the aid of gas. According to Muhsfeldt’s statements, between November and June the corpses were hastily buried in mass graves on a plot of land behind the area where Field V was later constructed.
Here, the chief of the crematorium used the cremation technique he had learned in Auschwitz, and which he explained in detail at mamdanek interrogation: The corpses were taken into the forest by the SS men in trucks.
Majdanek-Prozesse
Larger groups were shot in a nearby forest area. Ehrich was found guilty of all charges, and hanged in July As this example of majdanwk chief of the crematorium Erich Muhsfeldt precisely shows, even after initial reluctance —Muhsfeldt let it be known at the Krakow Auschwitz trial that he was at first anything but pleased to be assigned to the Majdanek funeral squad —it was possible to come to enjoy one’s work.
University Press Scholarship Online. Employing a mosaic-like technique and hard confrontational editing, Fechner allows both criminals and victims to reveal themselves. Original gas chamber with visible Zyklon B blue stain on the back wall, permanently burned into the cement. Aftermath, trials and commemoration.
These were the corpses of Jews who had been gassed in the crematoria. The farmhouse that Muhsfeldt describes in his interrogation was converted according to the most modern standards and was, like all the crematoria in Auschwitz, both gas chamber mamdanek incineration facility in one.
Film | DER PROZESS (Eberhard Fechner) | absolut MEDIEN
Blatman, The Death Marches: A number of former high ranking SS men, camp officials, camp guards, and SS staff were arraigned before the majdank on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed at Majdanek in the period between October 1,and July 22, The violent behaviour of the protagonists was a multi-layered process-that was in no sense linear but multi-causal.
Befreiung des Lagers 6. Lives and Decisions Paderborn: The film is a kind flm “counter” trial and an interpretation of the original proceedings.
In the final months January to May he operated a crematorium again. Berghahn Books,pp. Majdanek trials Former SS-Obersturmbannfuehrer Anton Thernes standing, left prozesss front of a penal court on trial for crimes committed at Majdanek, LublinPoland.
Once one load had been burned, it was pounded into meal, and then it was poured into the pit where the corpses were stored for cremation.
Kilian, Zeugen aus der Todeszone: Hamburger Edition, Oeser, A. Ergebnisse Verlag,p. This page was last edited on 11 Februaryat Muhsfeldt explained the technique in detail at the Krakow Auschwitz trial: Despite his initial lament about the state of the equipment, prizess acknowledged before the court the relatively high performance of the Auschwitz furnaces: Abspann Ende Teil 2.
Wobei sie nichts anderes taten, als ihre Unschuld zu beteuern.
Befragte Personen Die Ermittler: Das Leichenkommando und Kinder im Lager 6. Eine Liste von Film-Klassikern.
University of Melbourne /All Locations
Wallstein Verlag, Jarausch, K. Ideally, it does not produce any rust or visible smoky gases when it burns.
Then I built a kind of grill out of wood on the ground. The fuel was the oil already mentioned. I mounted old truck undercarriages onto large stones, laid the corpses on top and poured methanol over them. The System of Terror. Das System des Fil. Kurt Ritzor RA Dr.
The depositions that have been recorded enable the historian to semantically analyse the former SS staff members’ argumentation and their justification of their actions. Beschreibung des KZs prizess. The prisoners placed the corpses from the ditches in layers on top. Appropriations, Interpretations and Uses of History Paris:Dr. Ron Paul, a former congressman from Texas, explains the state’s new abortion law, and what overturning the Supreme Court decision in Roe vs. Wade would mean. He writes in LewRockwell.com (abridged):
Abortion..
Dr. Ron Paul is a former member of Congress and Distinguished Counselor to the Mises Institute.
If you’re willing to fight for Main Street America, click here to sign up for my free weekly email.Current News
Page 1 of 611
Pakistani Lawmakers Try to Modify Governance of State Bank of Pakistan in a Bid for More IMF Loan Money
Allianz Capital Partners Invests 1 Billion Euros for Austrian Fibre Network
DAILY DOSE: November 26, 2021
A New COVID Variant Sparks Panic, While Mostly Unvaccinated Africa Has Low Death Rates
El Salvador Government Buys Dip, Another 100 Bitcoin
Korea Deposit Insurance Corporation to No Longer Be the Largest Shareholder in Woori Financial Group
DIF Capital Partners Buys Plugit Finland Oy
Silicon Valley-Backed GoFundMe Mires in Controversy After Initially Allowing Fundraising for Waukesha Christmas Massacre Suspect
A Currency Crisis Could Brew in EM if Fed Chairman Powell Raises Rates
Gulf States Support Turkey Given Crashing Lira as AD Ports Ties Deal with Turkey SWF
Citadel CEO Ken Griffin Outbids Crypto DAO for a Copy of the U.S. Constitution
Venerable Enters into $22 Billion Reinsurance Agreement with Manulife Financial Corporation
South Africa’s GEPF to Reduce R70 Billion Allocation to PIC
Backed in a Corner, President Biden to Release 50 Million Oil Barrels from Reserve
Japan Government to Raise $7.4 Billion from Japan Post Share Sale
Mapletree Logistics Trust Buys S$1.4 Billion Grade-A Logistics Assets in China, Vietnam, and Japan
Genesis Energy, L.P. Sold Minority Equity Interest in its Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline System
Bessemer Investors Makes Big Investment in Tencarva Machinery Company
KKR and Apache Capital Form JV for UK BTR Multifamily Developments
Jacob Blake was wanted for sex assault and had a knife when he was shot, Kenosha cops claim
COPS have claimed Jacob Blake had a knife when he was shot in the back seven times as it emerged he was wanted for sexual assault.
Blake's family and lawyers maintain that he was unarmed and did nothing to provoke the Kenosha shooting after he broke up a fight.
They say the 29-year-old black man was just trying to check on his kids in the car.
Brendan Matthews, attorney for the Kenosha Professional Police Association released a statement where he claimed that Blake was holding a knife when he was shot.
"The officers first saw him holding the knife while they were on the passenger side of the vehicle," Matthews said, as reported by WITI.
Bystander Raysean White, who recorded the police shooting, said he heard cops yell "Drop the knife!" – but that he did not see one in Blake's hands.
Blake's uncle, Justin Blake, told CNN the police claims are "insulting."
"We’re not going to allow them to come back a week later and talk about some type of weapon being involved after they temporarily paralyzed my nephew,” he said.
“As his uncle, that’s insulting," he added.
A statement from the Wisconsin Attorney General and the Wisconsin Department of Justice only said a knife was on the floor, and said nothing specifically about one being in Blake's hand.
"During the investigation following the initial incident, Mr. Blake admitted that he had a knife in his possession. DCI agents recovered a knife from the driver’s side floorboard of Mr. Blake’s vehicle. A search of the vehicle located no additional weapons," a DOJ statement released Friday said.
Matthews also claimed that Blake was aggressive toward officers, WITI reported.
"Blake forcefully fought with the officers, including putting one of the officers in a headlock,” Matthews said, and claimed two stuns from a taser did not stop him.
In statement from Blake's legal team, including Ben Crump, Patrick Salvi and B’Ivory Lamarr, they denied police versions of the events, and condemned cops' actions.
"Jacob did nothing to provoke police. He was a great father and was only intending to get his children out of a volatile situation," the statement shared by WITI said.
"Witnesses confirm that he was not in possession of a knife and didn’t threaten officers in any way."
LaMaar condemned police when speaking with CNN.
"I think it's the common strategy that police departments use in these type of circumstances," LaMarr told CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
"It's always trying to justify murder for misdemeanors."
Police have faced heavy criticism for the incident – and come under fire as people compare cop's treatment of Blake and Kyle Rittenhouse, who has now been charged with two counts of first-degree homicide after allegedly opening fire on a crowd of demonstrators on Tuesday.
"Jacob Blake didn’t harm anyone or pose any threat to the police, yet they shot him seven times in the back in front of his children," Blake's lawyers said in a statement.
"But when a young white supremacist shot and killed two peaceful protestors, local law enforcement and National Guardsmen allowed him to walk down the street with his assault weapon," the statement shared by WITI said.
Blake had a warrant out for his arrest at the time of the shooting.
He was charged in July with domestic abuse, disorderly conduct and sexual assault, according to court documents viewed by The Sun.
But critics say the police shooting was unnecessary because Blake was unarmed and did not appear to pose a threat to anyone when bullets were fired at him.
Many supporters commented that past charges were irrelevant because they still didn't justify an alleged attempted execution by gunfire.
"It doesn't matter," a man who attended a news conference given by the Blake family on Tuesday afternoon yelled out, according to The Kenosha News.
A woman told police in May that Blake, her ex-boyfriend, had come into her home and taken her car keys and vehicle then touched her sexually without consent, the newspaper reported.
The case is ongoing and no further details are available at this time, the Wisconsin Department of Justice told The Sun.
Blake's family said he was cuffed to a hospital bed – despite being paralyzed from the waist down.
“I hate it that he was laying in that bed with the handcuff onto the bed," Blake's father, also named Jacob Blake said.
“He can’t go anywhere. Why do you have him cuffed to the bed?”
Blake's attorney told WISN that Blake's handcuffs were removed and police had left, as a felony warrant against him was vacated.
Milwaukee County Sheriff's investigator Scott Still also released a statement on the charges, WISN reported.
"Earlier today, Mr. Blake posted the bond underlying the arrest warrant, enabling his release from custody," Still said.
"The hospital watch was discontinued immediately after receiving this information from Kenosha authorities."
Lawyers for Blake said he had been trying to "de-escalate a domestic incident" when police drew their weapons in the Sunday incident.
Wisconsin's Department of Justice is investigating the incident in Kenosha, while the officers involved have been placed on administrative leave.
A petition calling for them to be charged has garnered tens of thousands of signatures. on Tuesday.
The incidents surrounding the shooting of Blake have sparked a renewed energy in Black Lives Matter protests across the nation.
Demonstrators have demanded charges against the officers involved in Blake's shooting.
Rusten Sheskey, who was identified as the officer that shot Blake, along with officers Brittany Meronek and Vincent Arena, have all been placed on administrative leave following the incident.
As demonstrations continued across the country, on Tuesday, violence erupted when 17-year-old Rittenhouse allegedly opened fire on demonstrators, killing two and injuring at least one other.
Rittenhouse has been charged with First Degree Reckless Homicide with Use of a Dangerous Weapon, First Degree intentional Homicide with Use of a Dangerous Weapon, and Attempted First Degree Intentional Homicide with Use of a Dangerous Weapon, police said.
Most read in News
He also has been charged with First Degree of Recklessly Endangering Safety with Use of a Dangerous Weapon, and Possession of a Dangerous Weapon by a Person Under 18.
It was unclear if Rittenhouse had a criminal record himself, although searches turn up cases for someone who reportedly has the same name as the alleged shooter.
Rittenhouse's lawyer has argued self-defense in the incident.What: Mortal Kombat
The place to observe: In theaters and on HBO Max
Check your may with the brand new stay motion reimagining of the favored online game. The brand new Mortal Kombat delivers the place the opposite movies fell brief by way of blood, guts, and gore.
Directed by newcomer Simon McQuoid, Mortal Kombat follows a mysterious, intergalactic match of historic martial arts. One of many video game-to-movie variations of all time, 2021’s imagining is extra an introduction/origin story for Scorpion and his feud with Sub-Zero.
Take a look at the primary seven minutes of the film under:
Occupied with tuning in? Here is what that you must know. Read more…
Extra about Streaming Services, Mashable Shopping, Entertainment, Movies Tv Shows, and Streaming ServicesBy Joanna Frost
3rd May 2017
Eversheds Sutherland recently published an article looking back at the first twelve months’ slavery and trafficking statements, which is an interesting read especially for those to whom the Act applies.
The article provides information on the UK’s Anti-Slavery Commissioner’s assessment of how organisations have responded to the Act. He believes that the Act has increased senior management awareness of modern slavery, however he characterised many of the initial slavery and trafficking statements as weak. He urged employers to do more to understand and to mitigate their industry specific risks and to provide greater information in their statements on how they are responding.
The article goes on to explain that The Business and Human Rights Resource Centre registry of modern slavery statements typically show good reporting by businesses on their anti-slavery policies but poor (or non-existent) reporting when it comes to training, due diligence, risk assessments and measuring performance. Those with procurement responsibility have a key role in due diligence and risk assessment activities to eliminate modern slavery in your institutions supply chains. This may include carrying out an assessment of existing suppliers to identify those that are likely to pose a higher risk in terms of modern slavery and trafficking occurring in their supply chains and working with them to encourage them to work at reducing this risk; amending procurement processes to ensure new suppliers are evaluated (where appropriate) on their approach to reducing risks of modern slavery and ensuring any procurement policies are embedded throughout your institution.
A good example of other activities being carried out in our sector is the work being undertaken by Procurement Manager, Claudia Johannes at Hadlow College Group who saw the opportunity to work with the National Centre for Diversity to build a modern slavery element to their supplier accreditation support package, so the E&D accreditation the College obtains would cover both requirements. Claudia was recognised for this work and was nominated for UK’s Resources/ Procurement Manager of the Year Award 2017 at the recent National Centre for Diversity Grand Awards.
The article also discusses the growing reputational risk from Modern Slavery and highlights 6 actions taken by pressure groups, consumers, investors and/or parliament over the last 12 months to compel organisations to take action.
As a reminder, The Modern Slavery Act (‘Act’) requires institutions with an annual turnover of not less than £36million to publicly report, in a slavery and trafficking statement, the steps they have taken to ensure their operations and supply chains are trafficking and slavery free.
For more information on the requirements of the Act and how CPC can help you comply, please refer to our previous newsletter article and information on FELP which includes details of the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply Chain (CIPS) ethical procurement training module.BRANDING & PACKAGING
Here you will find a selection of projects, from brand identities for start-ups to packaging design for established brands in a wide range of fields.
Tribe Socks
They help to create communities, starting with the feet.
Identity and Packaging for this San Francisco based start-up.
Cove
Packaging design proposal for a CBD infused drink specially targeted to the feminine market.
Open for Vintage
Brand design proposal for a vintage fashion e-commerce, including identity design, packaging, UX design and on-line shopping<<Dutch racing talent Bent Viscaal is aiming to delight at the Hungaroring this weekend as the FIA Formula 3 Championship heads to Hungary looking to continue his development in the support series for Formula 1.
Bent will be aiming to score championship points in an incredibly tight and competitive field as the HWA RACELAB driver looks to add to his points tally for 2019. So far this season, Bent has celebrated a memorable fifth-place finish at Paul Ricard, after starting from eighth on the grid in the first race of the weekend.
The last round at the Home of British Motorsport proved to be a more challenging event for the young driver from the Netherlands. After an issue in practice, qualifying was a tough test for Bent, marking a weekend to forget.
Keen to bounce back, this weekend Bent will be tasked with a 14-corner 2.377-mile track which is renowned for being notoriously difficult to overtake on in dry conditions. Bent, however, is no stranger to performing impressive overtakes at circuits on the calendar.
Last year in the EuroFormula championship, Bent scored a double-podium as well as a memorable pole position at the Budapest-based track in what was his maiden appearance at the venue.
“Silverstone was a tough round of myself, but I have had some time to reflect on the results and to practice on the simulator. I am prepared for the weekend and I am optimistic about what we can achieve.
“I had an excellent weekend here last year in EuroFormula with pole position and two podiums, so it is a track I know that I can be quick at. I cannot wait to get this weekend started!”
Bent’s Formula 3 weekend will kick off on Friday 2nd August with a free practice session. Qualifying will follow on Saturday at 09:00 (CEST) before the first race begins that evening at 16:45. The second race of the weekend will get underway at 10:00. Live-action will be shown across Sky Sports F1 (UK) and Ziggo Sport (Netherlands).Greetings from TFC's Consumer Advisory Committee!
It's hard to believe that June is here and we are still sheltering in place. As spring draws to a close, we wanted to share some of the things we have found valuable during this difficult time. Here are a few recommendations from our CAC members:
Frank recommends DIY Dance Therapy, "Just turn on the radio and dance like no one is watching! It made me laugh and laugh. It's been great during quarantine." Need more inspiration, click here for a video from Pratt Institute.
Renisha has found it helpful to stick as close as possible to her pre-pandemic schedule, keeping the same or similar routines, "This helps me feel close to 'normal' and structure my time."
Etasha has found lots of free online resources to keep herself and her kids busy. Here are just a few:
Free online Computer Coding classes through Khan Academy
At-home science activities from Cyberchase on PBS Kids
Workshops and support groups for parents of kids and young adults with disabilities through IncludeNYC
And information about lots more activities for children and young adults is available at GrowingUpNYC listed by age group, from infant to young adult.Beyond language impairment: Profiles of apathy in primary progressive aphasia.
Quang H., Wong S., Husain M., Piguet O., Hodges JR., Irish M., Kumfor F.
Primary progressive aphasia (PPA) is characterised by predominant language and communication impairment. However, behavioural changes, such as apathy, are increasingly recognised. Apathy is defined as a reduction in motivation and goal-directed behaviour. Recent theoretical models have suggested that apathy can be delineated into multiple dimensions: executive apathy (i.e., deficits in maintaining goals and organisation), emotional apathy (i.e., emotional blunting and indifference) and initiation apathy (i.e., reduced self-initiation). Whether the nature of apathy differs between clinical variants of PPA, and across early and late disease stages, remains to be established. Here, carers/informants of 20 semantic variant PPA (svPPA), 15 non-fluent variant PPA (nfvPPA), 16 logopenic variant PPA (lvPPA) and 25 healthy older controls completed the Dimensional Apathy Scale to quantify executive, emotional and initiation apathy. Voxel-based morphometry was used to identify associations between dimensions of apathy and regions of grey matter intensity decrease. Our behavioural results showed greater executive and initiation apathy in late svPPA than in late nfvPPA patients, while late svPPA had greater emotional apathy than both late nfvPPA and late lvPPA groups. Executive and initiation apathy were significantly higher than premorbid levels in all PPA subtypes, while elevated emotional apathy was only seen in early and late svPPA. Distinct neural correlates were identified across apathy dimensions. Executive apathy correlated with grey matter intensity of the left dorsolateral prefrontal and inferior parietal cortices; emotional apathy with the left medial prefrontal, insular and cerebellar regions; and initiation apathy with right parietal areas. Our findings are the first to reveal evidence of the dimensional nature of apathy in PPA, with different clinical signatures observed for each subtype. From a clinical standpoint, these results will inform the development of targeted interventions for specific aspects of apathy which emerge in PPA.Highly configurable workspace
The Musician’s Workbench is a configurable space into which tools can be placed. Active tools interoperate. Tools are sourced from the built in tool store. The workspace configuration is saved and restored, so nobody puts your tools away.
The Musician’s Workbench is built for future expansion. More tools will be added to the tool store dependent on customer feedback. Ideas are; a score editor, a MIDI adapter, a MusicXML adapter, a guitar tabs visualizer, etc. If you have any suggestions post them on our Facebook page.
Transcription Pipeline
This is the heart of the Musician’s Workbench. This converts audio samples to music notation in real time. Advanced features insure the highest possible accuracy. The transcription pipeline is easily adapted to the acoustics of your instrument. Build a profile in less than a minute.
Built In Metronome
This defines beat and time signature. The metronome will provide a visible and audible beat. The selected time signature will define the rhythm of the Metronome and also the time signature used to score the music. The metronome drives the entire transcription process by timing the audio samples captured by the audio input tool.
Audio Input Tool
The Musician’s Workbench supports 7 octave ranges; from contra to four-lined. Octave designations are explained here. Three octaves will be transcribed; the one selected and the ones above and below the selected octave. The audio input tool can be precisely tuned to your instrument. Once tuned the settings are saved and restored.
The audio input tool is triggered by the metronome so that samples are taken on the metronome beat. This insures completely accurate rhythm interpretation.
The Audio Input also has an auto metronome for convenience when tuning or just experimenting.
Score Visualizer
This tool will display the music score as it is transcribed. It will also print the score to any attached printer.
Bar Details Viewer
Take a deep dive into your session. This tool will show the audio samples captured, the FFT results, the note values and the profiler output.
No unsolicited popup message boxes
The Musician’s Workbench does not throw up message boxes just for you to click OK. I know you hate them. They do not happen.
Help when you need it
The user’s manual is available directly from the help menu. Clicking ‘Show Users Guide’ under the help menu will launch the guide.
The info symbol will appear in many places, clicking this will bring up a help message about the control associated with the symbol.
Report issues with one click
The real time logging tool will send the log text and optionally the session data and a note from you. This means that any issues can be exactly reproduced and resolved at Sound Analysis.Harvest of the Dead1812 - 1814. Etching, Aquatint, Burnisher on ivory paper. Not on display
Disasters of War, 63, Harvest of the Dead.
Goya devoted many of the prints in the first part of The Disasters of War to scenes in which the civilian population is the innocent victim of soldiers´ excesses, particularly with women presented as the object of the invaders´ sexual violence. Although the Disasters do not follow a strict order, there is a structure that allows us to see how Goya approaches his themes in a sequential fashion, even when occasionally certain prints appear to be inserted among other groupings dealing with a different subject. Through these reiterations and alternations, Goya may have sought to convey a sense of the randomness of war, in which one never knows what will happen next. Violence against women is one of the themes that Goya frequently returns to in the first part of the series, and which he occasionally ties together with the titles. Las mugeres dan valor (The women give courage, plate 4), No quieren (They don´t like it, plate 9), Tampoco (Not [in this case] either, plate 10), Ni por esas (Neither do these, plate 11), Amarga presencia (Bitter to be present, plate 13), and Ya no hai tiempo (There isn´t time now, plate 19), among other prints, show the crimes of the French soldiers against women portrayed as examples of beauty and pathos. In many scenes, such as in the present print, Goya makes use of a series of visual devices that help him express these concepts and direct our gaze towards the victims. He gives prominence to the female figures by using very few etched lines to delineate them, thus using white space to outline them against a dark background, while other figures have been intensely etched. The result sometimes gives the appearance of a theatrical set. He also makes use of vaults and arches - architectural motifs whose symbolic purpose is undeniable, shrouding the scene of the crime in shadows and darkness. Goya´s use of architectural space establishes a contrast between the light outside, where a religious building allows us to situate this scene in an urban setting, and the darkness beneath the arches, where the crimes are being committed. As in so many other prints from the series, these examples of cruelty are not limited to isolated, individual actions but are manifestations of collective violence, which also allows Goya to illustrate different stages in the scene he is narrating. Nevertheless, the most dramatic element of this print is the defenseless child lying at its mother´s feet. The diagonal created by the figure of the woman and the arms of the soldier pulling her away is broken by the foreshortening of the halfnaked body of the child. Crying inconsolably, the child extends his tensed hand in a gesture that recalls that of the French soldier in plate 3 trying to protect himself from the blow of an axe; a gesture that there, like here, indicates he will not escape death (Matilla, J. M.: Portrait of Spain. Masterpieces from the Prado, Queensland Art Gallery-Art Exhibitions Australia, 2012, p. 219).Complaints, reviews, scams, lawsuits and frauds reported for
Category: vacuum cleaners - Topic: Home & Garden
1, Report #1512245
Sep 29 2021
04:23 PM
04:23 PM
Author: Denver consumer
Denver, Colorado
Denver, Colorado
2, Report #1480893
Jun 23 2019
09:32 AM
09:32 AM
3, Report #1479924
Jun 05 2019
09:22 AM
09:22 AM
4, Report #1471639
Jan 17 2019
04:05 PM
04:05 PM
5, Report #1470496
Dec 30 2018
07:13 PM
07:13 PM
Author: Harold
Springfield
Springfield
6, Report #1469562
Dec 14 2018
03:47 PM
03:47 PM
Author: Unhappy customer
CA
CA
7, Report #1466903
Nov 08 2018
10:56 AM
10:56 AM
8, Report #1466413
Nov 02 2018
09:29 AM
09:29 AM
Author: Dennis
Haines City
Haines City
9, Report #1466374
Nov 01 2018
06:27 PM
06:27 PM
Author: Jennifer
Moorhead, MN
Moorhead, MN
10, Report #1466324
Nov 01 2018
12:24 PM
12:24 PM
Author: Gilles
Sherbrooke, Quebec
Sherbrooke, Quebec
11, Report #1466032
Oct 29 2018
06:32 PM
06:32 PM
Author: Joanne
Port Burwell, Ontario
Port Burwell, Ontario
12, Report #1465595
Oct 25 2018
07:48 AM
07:48 AM
13, Report #1465239
Oct 22 2018
05:29 PM
05:29 PM
Author: Russell
Mechanicsville, Virginia
Mechanicsville, Virginia
14, Report #1465118
Oct 20 2018
12:44 PM
12:44 PM
Author: Paul
Toronto
Toronto
15, Report #1464946
Oct 18 2018
03:26 PM
03:26 PM
Author: Virginia
LINCOLN, Nebraska
LINCOLN, Nebraska
16, Report #1464912
Oct 18 2018
09:56 AM
09:56 AM
17, Report #1464768
Oct 16 2018
10:07 PM
10:07 PM
18, Report #1464640
Oct 15 2018
09:03 PM
09:03 PM
Micron Filtration Technologies, Inc There is the Defender & the Filter Queen Vacuum We bought a very expensive vacuum after being told we will get all of our filters free & for the rest of our lives & whomever gets the vacuum after us. Along with any repairs that need to be done will be free as well. Vancouver Washington
Author: Jhanna
La Center, Washington
La Center, Washington
19, Report #1464420
Oct 13 2018
11:25 AM
11:25 AM
Author: Delores
Winnipeg
Winnipeg
20, Report #1463895
Oct 08 2018
12:33 PM
12:33 PM
Author: Anita
Pueblo
Pueblo
21, Report #1463294
Oct 02 2018
06:22 PM
06:22 PM
Author: M.Brenner
Oak Ridge, TN
Oak Ridge, TN
22, Report #1460880
Sep 17 2018
03:57 PM
03:57 PM
Author: Claud
Bayville, New Jersey
Bayville, New Jersey
23, Report #1461215
Sep 17 2018
10:31 AM
10:31 AM
Author: Jamila
San Antonio, Tx
San Antonio, Tx
Legend
Featured Reports
Featured Reports
Advertisers above have met our
strict standards for business conduct.Bryn's biography
Bryn is a passionate product marketer with nearly 10 years of experience in the IT space. As Senior Product Marketing Manager at OneSpan, he is responsible for the go-to-market strategy for OneSpan Identity Verification. Driven by a great customer experience, he works to evangelize identity verification as a means to mitigate fraud while helping financial institutions stay competitive in market.We care about our customer’s feedback and keep up with all current customer submissions. Check out these testimonials below from real Freedom Window customers.
Haghighi Family
For a whole house project, by far the most affordable and reasonable quote without a doubt. There are NO salesman, Travis the owner gave a quote that was assured and respected. I knew nothing about windows, but Travis explained everything I needed to know, and answered any and all questions I had. Day of the install, Travis was there to ensure the window installation went smoothly without issue. One window had a defect, but they ordered a new one to replace it free of charge. Did I mention they also have a LIFETIME TRANSFERABLE WARRANTY on the labor and installation as well as a 10 year window warranty!!! Further bonus features: VETERANS!!! Family owned and operated, ‘green’ efficient windows, product of U.S.A., and financing options available. Fantastic service from all employees, and amazing product. — June 2021
Topeze Family
My wife and I recently purchased our first home, we already knew the back doors would need to be replaced as the previous owners patched it up just to barely pass inspection. We did the usual Google research and decided to give Freedom Windows a try, we’re both veterans so the military/veteran discount made the offer more appealing. Travis came out to do the measurements and our doors were install today, we couldn’t be happier. The install guys did a great job and we no longer feel the outside air creeping like we did previously which will definitely help a bit with the A/C running as the weather starts to warm up. Definitely will be calling again when we’re ready for windows. –May 2021
Kimberlin Family
We had a fantastic experience! Travis and his team walked us through replacing all of our windows, the cost and the time it would take. We have recommended them to friends! I cannot stress enough how professional and easy to work with this team is! –February 2021
Stumper Family
I LOVE my new windows! I never realized that you weren’t required to be cold/hot in the morning because of the drafts, or that you didn’t HAVE to listen to the dogs bark all night long because the windows were paper thin. And we won’t even talk about my solved wasp problem……. Thank you to Travis & Lane with Freedom Windows for doing such a great job for us. –February 2021
Bowman Family
Great service and great quality product. We did a little shopping and found Freedom Windows to be very competitive in price for product and installation. Where Freedom set themselves apart was Travis’s commitment to quality, price, and timeline. From there Travis and team delivered as promised and we could not be happier with the results. What a difference in aesthetics, reduction in noise, and energy conservation! We highly recommend Freedom Windows. –December2020
Gentry Family
5 Star review! Travis & his team were on time, prompt, clean and thorough. We love our new windows! I will definitely refer Freedom Windows to ALL of my friends, family & customers 🙂 –December 2020
Kabetzke Family
I LOVE THIS COMPANY! What can I say? These guys are the best! Travis and his crew are very professional and courteous and they do a fantastic job. When Travis came out and talked with us about replacing the windows, he explained what he saw with our old windows and the improvements we would get by replacing. Then he showed us the windows and let us choose the style and color we wanted and he helped us with all the details. It was like talking to family. When it came time to install, they were very punctual. The crew was always working and they were very organized and efficient and they all seemed to enjoy what they were doing and they had very good rapport with us and each other. I had 19 windows that were replaced and two big bay windows that had to be rebuilt. The quality of the windows is outstanding and the price was freakin’ awesome! When the guys were done, they cleaned up inside and outside and other than gorgeous windows, you never even knew they had been there. Travis is an honest and upstanding young man that still believes in good service and quality craftsmanship. There is not one bad thing I could say about him or his crew. Love those guys and he will be the only person I would ever let do my windows! –October 2020
Brooks Family
Thank you Freedom Windows! Sometimes you spend money on your house because you want to and sometimes because you have to. When you have to do it, it sure is nice when you love the results. I could live with the fact that most of our windows wouldn’t open and many of them had become permanently cloudy between the panes. But when they start letting in so much condensation that the sheet rock and window ledges start warping, it becomes one of those times you have to spend money. Travis Simons and his team made us feel confident through the whole process that we were getting a great product for a great price. (I’ll just say the national company we compared them to didn’t want to do 1/3 of our windows because they were “odd”, offered 1/2 the warranty at best, and still quoted us a price that was almost 50% higher.) I never knew I cared so much about windows until seeing the amazing results. A few pictures will do better justice than my words. I’d also like to give a shout out to DC King of Royalty Window Cleaning. –February 2021
Ostolazo Family
Professional, reliable, knowledgeable, on time, kind, excellent quality, and beautiful windows, etc.!!! We are grateful and blessed that Freedom Windows (Travis) installed all the windows in our house!! I will definitely recommend Freedom Windows and Travis to anyone!!! Thank You Travis!! We’ll always be grateful because you are the best!!! –October 2020
Hillman Family
LOVE LOVE LOVE these guys! I wanted high quality, energy efficient windows. And I got them! Incredibly beautiful and I’m saving TONS on energy costs! I will never stray from this family/veteran run business and have recommended this firm to my neighbors! Honest, trustworthy, professional, can’t say enough kudos to Travis and his family! EXCELLENT WORK! –October 2020
Gomez Family
Travis was super quick to come take a look at my window. He identified the problem quickly & had a quick plan of action. He & Mikey came a couple days later with the new window & got it set up quickly. They also added new caulking to another window that was showing signs of instability AND even caulked my bathroom sink which had started separating from the wall. They were so friendly & easy to talk to & made sure everything was great when they left. HIGHLY recommend! –October 2020
Curlee Family
Travis came out on Monday and gave me a bid to replace the glass in 8 panes of windows. The price was actually lower than I expected. He said that he would place the order for the double paned glass and get back to me on Thursday to let me know if the glass would be ready for installation on Friday. He called me back to inform me that the glass was ready to install on Friday. They came by, on time, and installed the glass as promised. They were also extra careful when inside the house because my carpet is a very light color. They did not leave a mess behind and we’re done in about 2 hours. Very professional. –October 2020
Willard Family
We had a great experience with this company. They were very informative and helpful. They cleaned up after themselves and our windows look a whole lot better. I’m so glad we found them and wish all companies would be this professional. –October 2020
Rolph Family
This team was knowledgeable, friendly and fastidious in completing our large home window project. Fabulous. I highly recommend Freedom Windows! –October 2020
Arnold Family
Great interaction with Travis. He was timely with the consult, with text communication, etc. He worked with our price point and the product we wanted and actually got us a double hung window instead of a single hung within our budget. The window turnaround was four weeks, but came in a week earlier than promised. Very hardworking crew. Our window was a beast, very large, very heavy, on the second floor. I was present during the install and they communicated very well with each other. The manufacturer sent a screen with a tear so Travis will get that replaced. Once we clean up the scuffs and prints, this window will really shine. Our previous window was not energy efficient and I have high hopes for this one come next Texas summer. –October 2020
Young Family
We are thrilled with our new windows! Travis, Lane, and the crew are so great to work with. From beginning to end, the process was smooth and professional. Travis listened to what we wanted and suggested options we had not thought of. He is knowledgeable about available products and offers helpful advice. The entire crew is personable, respectful, and quick to respond to questions and concerns. We had all our windows replaced, as well as new storm doors. Travis did research to find us a great window insert with embedded blinds for a custom size exterior door. The windows we had were originals, outdated and foggy. The new windows brighten the entire house, and were a much needed update at a reasonable price. I highly recommend Freedom Windows. Don’t look anywhere else. –October 2020
Russell Family
Quick, friendly, and professional!! Great job!! We had received 1 other estimate and it was at a lower price but we decided to go with Freedom Windows because they were friendly and took their time explaining things!! EXCELLENT customer service!! –April 2020
Snowis Family
Travis and the rest of the crew from Freedom Windows did an excellent job on the replacement windows of this old house! They were all very professional and cleaned up after themselves. Nothing was left behind or out of place – Which is a plus in my book. I was VERY impressed! I am looking forward to having them come back to replace my doors very soon. I highly recommend Freedom Windows! –April 2020
Burnett Family
I am so grateful for Freedom Windows. They were able to take a very dark room in my house and make it into a place we all enjoy by installing a much needed window in a wall that did not previously have one. It turned out to be beautiful. I had had a number of other window companies give quotes that were ridiculously high, or they just would not even do it because it was not a big enough project for them. Travis and Dany were amazing to work with. Their crew was polite and informative, and the room was clean when they finished. They even had a great brick team come out and complete the outside work and it truly looks like the window has always been there. The project was completed in just a few hours. I highly recommend them to everyone and I look forward to working with them on future projects during our home renovation. –January 2019
Kennedy Family
I absolutely love this business! When the guys come out to put your windows in, it’s more like your brothers coming over for the day. They enjoy each others company and the working atmosphere is just plain fun! They have integrity in what they do, and I am grateful to have had them referred to me. Not only did they put windows in for me, but I had ordered a HEAVY iron door that needed to be installed. I know about building, squaring things up, shims etc. and the work they put into this door was done as if it was their own. I actually think they started claiming it in their heads as their own. It looks great and closes impeccably well. Great job guys! –May 2019
Howard Family
The employees are friendly and professional. They get the job done in a timely manner. This company is family owned and operated and all employees are veterans! Love to support family business and the veterans that fought for our country and freedom. –January 2019
Alexander Family
OOOMMMGGG THE BEST!!! They were on time, still gave me a discount even though the seasonal sale had expired the day prior, and had AWESOME service. After the work was done, the team did a lovely job on clean up. –May 2019
Jackson Family
Professional. Kind. Dependable and great service and products. –January 2019
Wright Family
Great people to work with, honest and reliable. Love these guys!!! –January 2019
Cisneros Family
Travis and his crew were amazing to work with! He replaced all our windows, the front door, sidelights and transom and I couldn’t be more pleased! His prices were the most competitive, his professionalism and workmanship was incomparable, he was punctual, communicative, a pleasure to have around, and installed everything in the time frame promised – actually finished a day early! I would not hesitate to work with him again and I’ll be referring him to any friends in need of window work! –January 2019
Monger Family
I cannot say enough good things about the guys from Freedom Windows. My job was particularly challenging. I have no doubt that others would have given up and walked away – but that was never even a thought. They stuck with it – found a solution and finished the job. Not only that, but they worked hard to make it cost effective for ME which is rare these days. Honest – Fair – Kind – Knowledgeable – are words I would use to describe the Freedom Windows TEAM! –September 2018
Lovejoy Family
Dany was awesome! His partner Travis is great as well. They work really well and their work is amazing! Value for my money I would rate higher than 5 if I could! –September 2018
Ellis Family
Travis was very personable and customer friendly. Yes! If needed, we would hire him again. Very satisfied with his work. Thanks, Travis! –September 2018
Conder Family
Awesome service! Everything you need to know is upfront so their is no guess work. They even came out to install windows on a super windy day! –May 2019
Humphry Family
Once you find Freedom Windows, look no further; you have found the best! –September 2018
Mason Family
We’ve always had really bad issues with heat since we got this house. Up until the point we met with Travis and had Freedom Windows replace all our windows and doors, we had 3 additional A/C window units to attempt to make the house bearable over the summer. It would be 80+ degrees in the house even with all 4 A/C units running and would get so hot during the day we couldn’t even use our kitchen. Last night was amazing as it was the first time in 13 years that the A/C has actually reached the temp we set it at! We are currently at 70 degrees and holding strong! This is so awesome! We can’t thank you enough! –September 2018
Holland Family
Love these guys and love the windows! Travis and his crew are fantastic. They were very friendly, personable, hard working, professional, and were very good about responding to all my questions. I have an old house and they had to work hard to get my old windows out, but didn’t run into any problems they didn’t know how to fix. The new windows are fabulous. They’re beautiful, great quality windows, and the price was awesome. Of course it’s a messy process getting old windows out, and they cleaned up every bit of it. They were recommended to me, and I’ve already recommended to them to two other people. –January 2019
Burleson Family
Travis and his team did an excellent job on our windows. They were very professional, priced right and got the job got done very quickly. What more can you ask for. If I had another house that needed windows I would definitely use them again. Thanks Freedom windows –May 2019
Sullivan Family
Travis is a true professional. We had a special job that most companies wouldn’t touch, but these guys did excellent work. They were courteous, clean and charged a fair price. I would recommend them. –January 2019
Richardson Family
Travis was wonderful! He was able to provide me a quick quote with a short turn around time for glass creation and installation. He was very responsive to messages and addressed any concerns. He was extremely professional and personable. I would highly recommend this company to anyone needing window repair! –January 2019
Taylor Family
The owner of the company Travis is very professional, courteous, and highly skilled at his business. The price for our job was great, the turnaround for completion was good, and the services received were impeccable. I am so glad to have come across such a great local small business that does great work. I have recommended his services to everyone I know. Thanks again, keep up the great work! –September 2018
Wilson Family
Seriously, Travis saved the day! He was so quick to respond to my request and replaced the window so fast despite some challenges out of his control. He had a great attitude and even helped me find another vendor for a project. Thank you, thank you, thank you! –September 2018
Malkemes Family
Travis, a veteran, replaced and repaired several windows in my new home. Of all the repairs and quotes I’ve had done, he was the fastest to return calls and arrived at the time he promised. Freedom Windows has my endorsement! Next golf ball that breaks a window at my house will be replaced by Travis and his team! –September 2018
Ready to take action? Contact us here:
Leave us your testimonial here:
Serving the DFW Metroplex, Vet Operated, Up Front Quick Quotes, New and replacement installs for homes/apts. 0% Financing Avail, we compete with Champion, Window World, Renewal by Anderson, Compare before you buy! 75050 Top rated review, Window, Replacement, Door, Install, Installation, Bow, home, apt, apartment, retrofit, condo, large slide, double glazed, crank out, hung, casement, glass, single double triple pane, patio, remodel, kitchen, new construction, 400 200 series, best buy affordable cheap, Anderson, Andersen, Champion, House, Apartment, Vinyl, repair, renewal, Residential, Local, Company companies, Dallas, Fort Worth, Arlington, Grand Prairie, Bedford, Colleyville, Keller, Denton, Grapevine, Frisco, McKinney, Plano, Garland, Euless, Hurst, Irving, Mansfield, LewisvilleJoin Our Mailing List
+263 242 886 400 | +263 772 313 601 | +263 782 640 4 that you also check the information published by the governments of your origin and destination country before travelling, helpful websites include:
International Air Transport Association (IATA)
World Health Organisation
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
United Nations World Tourism Organisation
*This information is correct to the best of our knowledge at the time of publication and is being reviewed and updated on an ongoing basis. Given the rapidly evolving nature of the international response to the COVID-19 outbreak, make your own independent inquiries before relying on any information or materials contained on this page.
We want you to have a safe, pleasant and hassle-free journey. This information is provided as a courtesy, and although updated regularly, we recommend you to frequently check back due to the rapid changes in travel conditions, and that you verify travel and entry requirements through independent enquiries before your trip.
Before booking your flight, we recommend that you check the latest information on country/region travel restrictions as well as visa and passport requirements.Christina El Moussa Throws Subtle Shade at Tarek, Makes Heartbreaking Confessionby Hilton Hater at .
According to a new report, Christina El Moussa is no longer running her tongue over the body of Gary Anderson.
She and the man she dated for a few months after splitting from husband Tarek have ended their relationship.
With her tongue therefore free to do other things, Christina has decided to not bite it.
In other, less confusing terms, what we're saying is this:
El Moussa hopped on Instagram this afternoon and hurled some shade in the direction of Tarek, her estranged ex and ongoing Flip or Flop co-star.
Both of these HGTV employees have been in the news a lot over the past few days, with Tarek and Christina actually giving duel interviews on Today and Good Morning America, respectively, on Tuesday.
In his pre-taped sit-down, delved into detail regarding the strange incident last May in which he stormed out of his house with a gun, following an argument with Christina.
He said he was never suicidal and simply wanted to protect himself against wild animals in the woods while he blew off some steam via a hike.
Tarek also admitted that it's been a little awkward filming Flip or Flop with Christina, but that both sides agree on what's most important these days:
"The number one goal is to co-parent our children. We have to make sure we remain friendly."
As you can see in the above clip, Tarek didn't say anything too controversial in his Today Show interview.
Nevertheless, Christina definitely appears to have taken a shot at her soon-to-be-ex-husband in her latest Instagram post.
It's a photo of a very serious looking tiger, staring into camera, with the following words plastered over his face:
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Our translation here?
I'm right. Tarek is wrong. But I'm gonna take the high road, place my children's well-being above all else and keep the peace. Even though, remember... I'm right!
What has Tarek said or done that prompted Christina's shade? We can't say for certain at the moment.
Elsewhere, Christina opened up to People Magazine for its latest issue, admitting that communication between her and Tarek fell apart to such a degree that they didn't even drive to the Flip or Flop set together toward the end of their marriage.
She doesn't sound bitter at this point, however.
"It is what it is and we are going through a divorce and eventually we will be dating other people," El Moussa tells the publication, adding:
"I’m happy for him and whatever steps he takes in his life and I just hope he’s happy."
In a newly-released excerpt from the cover story, Christina also tells a sad tale about the separation and its aftermath.
When she first moved out, Christina said she kept the reasons why pretty "vague" in talking to daughter Taylor, which worked for a little bit because the family often renovated their house and would live elsewhere temporarily.
Later, however, once the couple decided that reconciliation was not on the table, Christina says:
“Taylor asked if we could get back together. We had to explain that sometimes couples get divorced but that she and Brayden are our No. 1 priority. We’ll always be a family.”
That's a sad thing to hear, but a few months after Tarek and Christina called it quits, it sounds as if six-year Taylor and 17-month old Brayden are doing well.
“Our kids are amazing … our kids are transitioning well,” Christina said Tuesday on Good Morning America.
“Tarek and I are friends and we have a lot of support from our family. The kids are doing great.”The Cliffs provides a fun experience for all ages and levels. Whether your kids want to tackle the tall walls or stay close to the mat in the bouldering section, this gym offers it all. Youth programs introduce kids to rock climbing starting as young as 6 years old. Tots in Club 1 (beginners, ages 6–9) will get acquainted with the wall through games and fun activities and those in Club 2 (intermediate, ages 6–9) will learn techniques and build strength as they tackle various courses. If your budding climber wants an extra challenge, three Vikings curriculums for ages 10–12, 13–18 and a competitive team for all ages will provide advanced training. For a more immersive experience, The Cliff’s vacation program provide week-long adventure where kids will learn rope skills, how to belay and tie knots and learn how to problem solve during their climb. If your brood is feeling extra adventurous, there are also birthday party options at this awesome venue!
NYC's epic kids' rock climbing walls are here to shake things up when the littles are in search of a challenge.
As much as the best kids' playgrounds make for a fun afternoon, sometimes we need to raise the stakes (literally in this case). Venues like The Cliffs at LIC and Brooklyn Boulders provide adventurous, safe opportunities for kids to climb and tackle a new experience (glance through our kids' fitness classes for more athletic activities). How could you say no?
Tell your tykes to step away from the monkey bars, dry up after a visit to their favorite water playgrounds and get ready to soar at these stellar attractions. See you at the top!
Be sure to book other fun activities with your family—there's plenty to choose from.Chapter 23 » 23.69
The individual and the community
Work and economic affairs
Unemployment is in truth an astonishing evil and calm acquiescence therein is discreditable… The stoic endurance of privation in times of shortage is noble, but poverty caused by enforced idleness, and in the presence of plenty, is so glaring an injustice that no man should accept it tamely.
Shipley N Brayshaw, 1933Reliable and accurate telephone info.
Identify who called you.
Enter any phone number Get the name, address and more...
Enter any phone number
Get the name, address and more...
What is IDCaller?
IDCaller is a leading identity research platform. When you look up a phone number on IDCaller, our state-of-the-art database system searches nearly one billion records. Be empowered with the best information online. Whether you use our service to research missed calls, text messages, or know your online customers(e.g Ebay/Airbnb), you'll realize the advantage of having the latest verified details . We help millions of customers find the information they need.
Database covers all major carriers:
You can make sure that Activiti uses the transaction manager defined in Spring using the “transactionManagement” property on the SpringProcessEngineConfiguration class.
This works but behaves different from how Hibernate/JPA behave.
When you explicitly create your transaction boundaries (using TransactionTemplate or @Transactional annotations), these are simple used as expected.
However if you do not define the transaction boundaries, Hibernate/JPA will throw an exception indication that a transaction needs to be active while Activiti will simply create a transaction, more or less working in autocommit mode.
You can assure that Activiti has similar behaviour as Hibernate/JPA by using a custom SpringProcessEngineConfiguration class. Unfortunately, this does not work in all cases. When you use the jobExecutor (so jobExecutorActive needs to be false). You also need to assure that the conversion does not occur during auto deploy of resources.
The actual work is done in the MySpringTransactionInterceptor which converts REQUIRED transaction propagation to MANDATORY.Product Details:
NSK Bearing 532323215 design bearings are indicated by the designation suffix E. All E design bearings have an optimized internal design for increased load carrying capacity.
53215U NSK bearingsJapanese 53215U NSK corporation was established in 1916, which is the first manufacturer of design and produce bearing in Japan. For decades, NSK developed countless new type of bearing, meet the needs of users around the world, and made great contribution to the industry development and technology progress.
35bd5222dum18a Nsk - Barrel Roller Bearings, NSK Cylindrical ;;;35bd5222dum18a Nsk Manufacturers, Factory, Suppliers From China, As a key enterprise of this industry, our corporation makes attempts to become a leading supplier, depending on the faith of expert excellent & throughout the world assistance;
NACHI 53215 bearing - bearing 53215 for saleNACHI 53215 bearing for sale: NACHI 53215 bearing supplier: Bearing status：Original 53215 bearing: Delivery time: 5-7 Days: Inventory: Enough: bearing NACHI 53215U bearing NTN 2320Kâ€¦ rolamento 2313K;2313K rolamentos;NACHI 2313K;Self Aligning Ball Bearings 2313K Tamanho -ID * * OD NSK rodamientos:::
NSK 53215U bearings - rollsbearing.comNSK 53215U bearings is perfect for your daily mechanical needs and are available in almost every shape and sizes. Rolls Bearing Limited are perfect for your daily mechanical needs and are available in almost every shape and sizes. Quick delivery and best prices on 100 % genuine, original and branded bearings.
13_ NSK special bearingsNSK ___
thrust bearing 53210! thrust bearing 53210 Suppliers and ```Original Japan NSK Thrust Ball Bearing 53210 53206 53216 53203 53215` US $0`50-$5`00 ``` Thrust ball bearing 52206 bearings 38206 made in Japan NSK brand` US $3`00-$3 ```
Bearings _ Catalogs and CAD drawings _ Services _ NSK GlobalHigh Durability NSK Water Pump Bearings. No: e1206 PDF: 1006 KB Full-Complement Cylindrical Roller Bearings for Crane Sheaves. No: e1218 PDF: 535 KB Full-Complement ...This area includes research labs and scholars from the disciplines of exercise, health and sport psychology, skill acquisition and behavioral medicine. The research broadly examines the application of psychology to understanding and supporting healthy sport, physical activity and health behaviors, and incorporates a range of disciplinary perspectives and research designs, theoretical and methodological approaches.
Research Labs
Exercise and Sport Psychology Laboratory
Professor: Peter Crocker (Emeritus)
The lab is overseen by Dr. Peter R.E. Crocker..
This is lab is no longer taking new students.
Fitness, Aging, & Stress (FAST) Lab
Professor: Eli Puterman.
Population and Physical Activity Lab
Professor: Guy Faulkner?
Psychology of Exercise, Health, and Physical Activity Laboratory (PEHPA Lab)
Professor: Mark Beauchamp
The PEHPA Lab is overseen by Dr. Mark Beauchamp, who is an Associate Professor in the School of Kinesiology (formerly Human Kinetics).Choose All In One Plan for Templates, Designs, Documents, Forms, Editors, Applications
“Excellent Value for money Product, saves lot of time”
Billed Annually $48
Becoming a university professor or post-secondary educator is a noble job to be. So, if you're planning to land this job, you need to consider writing a professor's resume professionally. As you can see, this type of job doesn't usually rely on Basic Resume. Instead, you need to look for a well-written Professional Resume to help outshine other applicants.
When looking for this job, the same strategies apply to any other job as well. Keep in mind that a comprehensive resume is may take your time and effort. So, to lessen the burden of a resume writing process, Template.net will be providing you with a free professor resume template. Yes, they're in template form. Templates are ideal for non-writers like you, to be guided accordingly. We also assure you that each of our premium templates comes with the right Resume Format. Aside from a resume, don't forget to draft a well-written application form. Remember that, these two documents will always be together whenever you've decided to apply for a prominent university or school. Don't worry because our proficient writers have prepared a collection of free templates available on our site. You can easily choose your preferred template there. And afterward, if you're convenient in using them offline, Microsoft Word application is the right application for it. Nevertheless, online editing is also possible through our site.
Whatever ways it may be, our free templates will always be convenient to use. So, we highly encourage you to subscribe to a plan at Template.net. And enjoy the stress-free experience from our unique templates.Stay in the loop! Subscribe to our mailing list
The fate of higher education in the current economic crisis, and higher education’s possible contribution to turning the economic tide, are hotly debated topics everywhere these days. Against this background, a recently published set of recommendations by an OECD-led expert panel for a reorientation of Iceland’s education, research and innovation policy is gaining relevance beyond this nation of a mere 300 000 in the mid-Atlantic. For, after the collapse of its banking and financial sector, Iceland is witnessing an economic meltdown of unimaginable proportions.
What do the experts propose? First, not to reduce funding for education and research (without clearly stating where the money would come from). Second, to ‘streamline’ the country’s rather scattered higher education landscape, by clustering institutions around two universities based in the capital city, and to focus on priority areas in research and innovation where the country is already something of a leader: geothermal sciences, life sciences and the ‘creative industries’. Third, to focus on a better and faster exploitation of research results by businesses, through technology and knowledge transfer, amongst others. Fourth, to strengthen science and technology policy by improving its governance and making the Prime Minister’s Office directly responsible for it. Fifth, the experts also propose a set of measures to make the nation and Icelanders abroad subscribe to the cause.
None of this sounds particularly new, but it has, around the world, characterised debates, rather than concrete reality so far. Iceland now has the chance to seriously try it out, and become something of a laboratory of higher education. As Frank Sinatra put it: if you can make it there, you’ll make it everywhere…Cerebral microbleeds (CMBs) on T2-weighted gradient echo (GRE) imaging are known to represent hemosiderin deposition in macrophages from previous blood extravasation. They are frequently detected in elderly patients with intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH), ischemic stroke, and incidental ICH.7), 9), 10), 17), 24), 30) Many studies in the literature have reported that CMBs are prognostic neuroimaging markers for future hemorrhagic or ischemic stroke or hemorrhagic complications of antithrombotic and thrombolytic therapies.7), 25), 30), 40)
Recently, in developing magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) technologies for detection of CMBs, many studies have applied the technologies to population-based elderly samples. In general, CMBs are mainly associated with two types of sporadic small vessel disease: hypertensive arteriopathy and cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA).5), 15), 26) These two types are characterized by different microbleed distribution patterns; CMBs associated with hypertensive vasculopathy tend to occur in the basal ganglia, thalamus, brainstem, and cerebellum, whereas CAA shows a lobar distribution.26)
CAA is diagnosed according to the Boston criteria.26) Several previous studies have demonstrated that the Boston criteria have good sensitivity and specificity in diagnosing pathologically proven CAA; however, there are still limitations in diagnosing pathologically unproven CAA.3), 4) Consequently, many studies have attempted to modify the imaging criteria to improve the diagnostic power. Recently, centrum semiovale perivascular spaces (CSO-PVS) have been suggested as additional imaging markers of CAA.4), 6), 28), 31) Several studies have reported that the severity of CSO-PVS, which are distinct pathophysiological processes compared with basal ganglia-PVS, might be related to the impaired interstitial fluid drainage of CAA.
However, in the clinical field, many physicians can easily locate CMBs with lobar distribution on MRI in patients aged < 55 years presenting with ICH. According to the Boston criteria of CAA diagnosis,26) patients who survive after hemorrhage are not suspected of having CAA unless pathological findings are present in those aged < 55 years.
The data on CMBs in younger patients presenting with ICH are lacking. Our goals were to analyze the prevalence of CMBs, characterize the distribution and risk factors in CMB development, and investigate the association between CMBs and other CAA markers in young patients with ICH.
Study population and data collection
This study was approved by the Ilsan Paik hospital, Inje University, Institutinal Reveiw Board. This retrospective single-center study included patients who presented with spontaneous ICH. Electronic database searches were used to identify consecutive ICH patients who were admitted to our institution from December 2009 to August 2017. We studied a population of 272 consecutive patients aged 18–54 years who were admitted to our emergency department. Among these, we excluded 46 with structural and secondary causes of ICH, including arteriovenous malformations (n = 13), cerebral tumors (n = 5), moyamoya disease (n = 11), cavernous malformations (CM) (n = 3), trauma (n = 9), parasitic lesion (n = 1), and use of aspirin (n = 4). In addition, we excluded patients in whom GRE MRI was not applied and CMBs were not clearly differentiated from vessels.
We assessed many demographic features and vascular risk factors in patients with ICH, including age on admission, sex, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, history of smoking, and history of antithrombotic agent use before and after ICH. Hypertension was defined as history of hypertension, use of an antihypertensive drug, or documented elevated blood pressure (BP) (systolic > 140 or diastolic > 90 mmHg). Diabetes was considered as fasting serum glucose level ≥ 126 mg/dL and hemoglobin A1c ≥ 6.5%, with previous or ongoing use of a hypoglycemic drug or insulin. Hyperlipidemia was defined as a previous diagnosis of hypercholesterolemia or current use of an antihyperlipidemic drug. Subjects who smoked at the time of enrollment were considered current smokers.
ICH was classified based on location as either deep or lobar type. Deep type was defined as ICH located within the basal ganglia, internal capsule, thalamus, brainstem, and cerebellum, and lobar type was defined as that located in the cerebral cortex, subcortex, and underlying white matter.
Most patients received intensive treatment during the acute phase and were subsequently transferred to the rehabilitation department and followed up on an outpatient basis in the neurosurgery department.
Computed tomography (CT) and brain MRI acquisition and analysis
CT scans on admission and brain MRIs were reviewed by two study investigators. ICH volume was calculated using the formula A × B × C / 2, where A is the greatest hemorrhage diameter on CT, B is the diameter 90° to A, and C is the approximate number of CT slices containing hemorrhage multiplied by the slice thickness. All subjects had an axial T2-weighted fast spin-echo sequence (repetition time (TR)/echo time (TE), 4,850/98 ms; flip angle 90°; FOV, 220 mm; slice thickness, 5 mm; slice gap, 6 mm) and a T2*-weighted gradient echo sequence (TR/TE, 800/26 ms; flip angle, 20°; field of view (FOV), 230 mm; slice thickness, 5 mm; slice gap, 6 mm) based on data obtained using a 1.5-Tesla MRI scanner.
Strictly lobar CMBs (size, 2–10 mm) were assessed on T2-GRE images using the Microbleed Anatomical Rating Scale (MARS).5), 19) The MARS study classified microbleeds into “definite” and “possible” categories to improve reliability. However, we counted and enrolled only “definite” lesions on GRE MRI. Definite microbleeds were defined as small, rounded or circular, well-defined hypointense lesions within brain parenchyma with clear margins ranging from 2 to 10 mm in size on GRE T2-weighted imaging (WI).19) The location of CMBs was classified as either deep or lobar, similar to the abovementioned ICH classification. CMB mimics included cavernous malformation, calcium and iron deposits, flow void, partial volume artifact from bone, metastatic melanoma, and diffuse axonal injury. CMB mimics have morphology and signal characteristics similar to CMBs.18) Cavernomas are distinguishable from typical primary CMBs based on appearance on both T1- and T2-WI of stagnant blood in the sinusoidal lumen, extravasated blood at varying stages of degradation, and characteristic hemosiderin rim.1), 5), 18)
CSO-PVS were assessed and rated on axial T2-WI according to recent consensus criteria.39) After reading all relevant slices for the anatomical area being assessed, the side of the slice with the highest number of CSO-PVS was recorded. To confirm our hypothesis, severity was categorized into low- (n ≤ 20) and high-degree (n > 20) groups. CSO-PVS severity was interpreted by an independent board-certified neurosurgeon and an independent board-certified neuroradiologist. In cases of disagreement, we sought consensus between the two observers and a third interpreter.
White matter hyperintensity (WMH) was defined as a hyperintense lesion on T2-WI that remained bright on fluid-attenuated inversion recovery and was graded according to the modified Fazekas visual rating scale.14), 34) WMH was assessed with the four-step simplified scale from 0 to 3 (0 = no lesions, 1 = focal lesions, 2 = early confluent, and 3 = confluent). Moderate-to severe WMH was assessed with a 2- or 3-step scale.
Statistical analysis
Statistical analysis was performed using IBM SPSS statistics version 21.0 (IBM, Armonk, NY, USA). Categorical variables were compared using Pearson chi-squared test or Fisher's exact test, whereas continuous variables were compared using the two-sample t-test or the Mann-Whitney U test. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the independent clinical and radiologic characteristics associated with CMBs in ICH patients. The Kruskal- Wallis test was used to compare the age-related prevalence of CMBs. A p-value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Cohen's kappa statistic was used to test inter-rater reliability of CMB evaluation on MRI.
We identified a total of 226 subjects with spontaneous ICH. Among these, we excluded those for whom MRI (n = 120) or GRE T2-WI (n = 38) was not performed and those for whom MRI or GRE did not show good reading quality (n = 2). The final cohort comprised 66 patients with a mean age of 45.3 years and 76% males. All patients presented with symptomatic ICH, including 21 with altered mental change, 44 with hemiplegia or hemiparesis, one with seizure combined with > 1 symptom, 29 with headache and dizziness, 38 with dysarthria, and three with blurred vision. Table 1 shows the demographic features according to ICH location in the 66 enrolled patients. Of ICH locations, 59 (89.4%) were of the deep type and 7 (10.6%) of the lobar type.
All enrolled patients were divided into two groups that were CMB+ or CMB− on GRE MRI. Among 66 spontaneous ICH patients, CMBs were detected in 40 (61%), with 29 (73%) being of the multifocal type; location of these CMBs was deep in 23 cases, lobar in one case, and both deep and lobar in 16 cases. Kappa coefficients for inter-rater agreements for MRI lesions of interest were 0.83 for CMBs, 0.90 for WMH, and 0.84 for CSO-PVS severity. In comparison with baseline characteristics according to CMB, a history of hypertension was more common in the CMB+ group than in the CMB− group (p = 0.040). In addition, high-degree CSO-PVS were more frequent in the CMB+ group. A total of 219 CMBs were counted on GRE MRI. Overall, 150 CMBs were of the deep type (68.5%) and 69 of the lobar type (31.5%) (Table 2).
Variables for multivariate logistic regression analysis included age, sex, moderate-to-severe WMH, hypertension history, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, and smoking. In multivariate logistic regression analysis, hypertension history (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 4.048; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.14–14.32; p = 0.030) and male sex (aOR, 4.233; 95% CI, 1.09-16.48; p = 0.037) were independently associated with CMBs. Moderate-to-severe WMH (aOR, 3.876; 95% CI, 0.92–16.41; p = 0.066) tended to be associated with CMBs, although this association was not statistically significant (Table 3).
Among the 66 enrolled patients, 40 were treated continuously on an outpatient basis (median follow-up, 20.0 months; range, 1–87 months). When investigating recurrent episodes among the 40 patients, three (7.5%) had recurrent ICH events and were included in the GRE+ group (Table 2). However, the relationship between recurrent ICH and CMBs was not confirmed because GRE MRI was not performed at the time of first hemorrhage in three patients.
The primary findings from our study are that a history of hypertension and male sex were independently associated with CMBs. In addition, moderate- to-severe WMH tended to be associated with CMB development.
In general, CMB development increases with age, possibly due to the strong association of advanced age with CMB risk factors such as leukoaraiosis, CAA, and hypertension.27) In a study on prevalence analysis of CMBs by Koennecke,27) the cohorts were grouped into three categories: without cerebrovascular disease, with ICH, and with ischemic cerebrovascular disease. Total CMBs were prevalent in 4.7% (range, 3.7–8.5) of elderly patients without cerebrovascular disease, 68% (range, 47–80) with spontaneous ICH, and 40% (range, 18–78) with ischemic disease.27) CMBs in our cohort were prevalent in 61% of patients, which is consistent with that reported in an elderly population with spontaneous ICH. Most of the CMB-relevant studies included elderly patients aged > 60 years; however, it was difficult to find comparable data in PubMed for characterization of CMBs in young patients presenting with spontaneous ICH.23), 27), 38)
CMBs of the lobar type have been known to reflect age-related progression of CAA in elderly patients.35), 42) Koennecke insisted that the CMBs located in the lobar area in elderly patients may represent in vivo indicators of CAA.27) Although approximately 11% of our patients were admitted with ICH of the lobar type, there was a high proportion of CMBs (42.5%); 31.5% of these were of the lobar type despite the young age of the patients. In a study on young stroke patients conducted by Shoamanesh, 33% of the sample strictly had CMBs of the lobar type, which probably resulted more often from underlying CAA.37) Several studies have attempted to pathologically confirm CAA in patients aged < 55 years presenting with lobar ICH.33), 41)
In studies on risk factors of CMBs in elderly patients with hemorrhagic or ischemic stroke, CMBs were associated with advanced age, male sex, hypertensive BP, diabetes mellitus, statin use, moderate-to-severe WMH, silent lacunar infarcts, global cortical atrophy, and hypoxemia.9), 10), 13), 35), 36), 38) However, young people have fewer risk factors for cerebrovascular disease and degenerative markers on brain MRI, including moderate-to-severe WMH, lacunar infarcts, and cortical atrophy. Shoamanesh published the only study we could find in PubMed on CMB risk factors in young people.37) He reported that CMBs in young patients were independently associated with male sex, hypertension, moderate-to-severe WMH, and ICH.37) In our study, a history of hypertension and male sex were crucial risk factors for CMBs. Our study included only younger patients with spontaneous ICH but with risk factors were similar to those in the study by Shoamanesh.37)
Few papers have reported on how often CM cause ICH in young patients. Recent hemorrhage may completely or partially obscure the CM on MRI, which is why follow-up MRI is important for the diagnosis of a CM underlying an intraparenchymal hemorrhage.1) We identified three cases of hemorrhage from CM in our study according to Al-Shahi Salman's definition of CM hemorrhage.1)
Sufficient evidence suggests a causal link between CAA and WMH, but the significance of WMH for development of CMB is not well known.12), 20), 21) Recently, Charidimou et al.2) suggested that different patterns of subcortical white matter damage can provide insight into the dominant type of underlying arteriopathy with the potential mechanisms: multiple punctate FLAIR hyperintensities correlate with CAA and CAA-related imaging markers, whereas peri-basal ganglia WMH patterns are strongly correlated with hypertensive arteriopathy. In our study, we could not divide patients based on WMH patterns due to the small number of CMB patients. However, it is necessary to analyze whether meaningful results can be obtained for younger patients with ICH.
Recurrence after a first ICH episode has been considered a rare event in the past.11), 16) However, recent studies have shown that the incidence of recurrent ICH ranged from 2.7% to 8.7%;8), 22), 29), 32) our study had a recurrence rate of 7.5%. We will further assess whether there is a correlation between CMBs and ICH recurrence in patients requiring antithrombotic agents, and for this, a long-term follow-up of such patients is warranted.
This study has several limitations. First, there was selection bias because we included only spontaneous ICH patients who underwent GRE MRI. Second, the small number of subjects with spontaneous ICH led to weak statistical power for evaluating the prevalence and risk factors of CMBs. Third, this was a retrospective study that investigated the association and risk of CMBs in a group of patients with ICH. All patients were not treated surgically, and among patients with hematoma evacuation, pathologic biopsy was not performed for the purpose of CAA diagnosis. According to Boston CAA criteria, patients were classified on the basis of patients older than 55 years, and there were limitations in applying to young patients. To overcome these limitations, a prospective study or randomized controlled trial would provide further evidence to guide clinical practice.
For young patients presenting with spontaneous ICH, CMBs are highly prevalent in 61% and strongly associated with history of hypertension and high-degree CSO-PVS. CAA may also be suspected in young patients when considering the variables associated with CMB development. Further study regarding the relationship between CMBs and ICH recurrence in patients requiring antithrombotic agents is needed.
Disclosure:The authors report no conflict of interest concerning the materials or methods used in this study or the findings specified in this paper.Symmetric Alcoved Polytopes
Keywords: polytopes, root systems, tropical geometry
Abstract
Generalized alcoved polytopes are polytopes whose facet normals are roots in a given root system. We call a set of points in an alcoved polytope a generating set if there does not exist a strictly smaller alcoved polytope containing it. The type $A$ alcoved polytopes are precisely the tropical polytopes that are also convex in the usual sense. In this case the tropical generators form a generating set. We show that for any root system other than $F_4$, every alcoved polytope invariant under the natural Weyl group action has a generating set of cardinality equal to the Coxeter number of the root system.
Published
2014-01-24
Article Number
P1.20Need to tie something together, or separate two elements? We associate same or similar colors more than same or similar shapes. This can be a positive association (girl and her mother are both wearing green) or negative (the bear’s eye is red and the girl’s dress is red because he’s looking at her).Repairs And Upgrades:aluminum Window Woodhouse Mill Free Quote
Receive an Aluminium Window Woodhouse Mill Free Quote On Fitting, Fixes and Substitutions in Woodhouse Mill. Have you been searching for a free quote for window services in Woodhouse Mill? For Aluminum Windows Woodhouse Mill free quotes approach us on 0114 437 2322. We have many years of experience working with Woodhouse Mill residents to improve their windows and their homes.
Our work is done meticulously using the finest hardware to ensure the longevity of your windows..
Unrivaled Aluminium Windows Free Quote From Aluminium Windows Sheffield
- We intend to be totally straightforward, so you recognize what's in store
- Because of this investigation, there are no surprise costs associated
- Aluminium Window Woodhouse Mill Free Quote
- The main idea of giving you a free quote is so that you can know how much it will cost to have your windows repaired or installed
Distinguished Aluminium Windows Free Quote Woodhouse Mill
Searching to Update your Residence Most of our customers are those looking to give their old homes a fresh look. We realize that aluminum windows can give the upgraded look they seek.
We can look for the suitable match for any residence ,as our windows are available in over 200 various colours and designs. Our specialists will furnish you with a free quote on aluminum window updates and substitutions..
Woodhouse Mill. Replace any old and broken windows and make your home secure Improved ambience and aesthetics
Increment the peace and serenity in your home Aluminum Windows Woodhouse MillExpertise and Knowledge We use cutting edge, innovative technology and techniques to diagnose your window issues, and at Aluminium Windows Sheffield We always find the best solution for you.
We offer an incredible 25 year guarantee with lots of our replacement services, and when we quote you for aluminium windows we let you know precisely how much it will cost. Are you a homeowner looking for a Woodhouse Mill based window services quote? A free quote from Aluminium Windows Sheffield May well be the way to go!. A good example of a recommended window is the double glazed window if your home is located in a noisy area. Our specialists have your necessities as a main priority while directing their investigation.
The Best Woodhouse Mill Aluminium Windows Free Quote Fitted
Thanks to years of practice and expertise in the field we can offer you long term solutions during our free consultation.. There is no window related issue that we as a business cannot resolve. Working with us to replace your windows has many benefits:
We offer free consultation to help you find the best solution Quick and proficient window supplanting specialists, that make quality and enduring items. Value for money
Aluminium Windows Sheffield For Aluminium Windows Free Quote
Security offered by more grounded bolts and coatings with more up to date models. Noise resistantExpert services that get it done right the first time without damage to your home.
We make sure we clean the mess afterwards. Woodhouse Mill. Our services are exceptional. We plan to give excellent administration, awesome items and genuine feelings of serenity.
Leave all the worries to us at Aluminium Windows Sheffield Since we have a goal to keep your mind at peace. Our staff are at hand to answer any queries you may have. Contact us today for your Aluminium Windows Sheffield Free Quote
We expect to transcend the rest. No other reason than our exceptional service, quality and all of that available at convenient price. Get your honest and precise estimate for free on your aluminium windows by giving us a call on 0114 437 2322 today.
Telephone Now - Our Team at Aluminium Windows Sheffield is Ready to HelpContact Us
- Aluminium Windows Sheffield
- Free Quote For Aluminium Windows And Doors Sheffield
-During the American Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln approved a Senate resolution to proclaim a day for National humiliation, fasting and prayer on 30 April 1863. The President and the Senate “devoutly recognised the Supreme Authority and just Government of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and of nations.” They affirmed, “It is the duty of nations as well as of men, to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgressions, in humble sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon.”
They!”
This all seems far removed from Britain in the 21st century. We give the impression that we have outgrown the Christian faith and rejoice that we are a “progressive” secular society. But the reality is that we have “forgotten God” and are proud of our “superior wisdom.” This may explain why we are facing so many serious problems in every part of our national life. Some politicians have been dishonest in claiming their expenses; some banks have acted without integrity, threatening the financial stability of our country; sexual immorality is commonplace and accepted as the norm; the appalling abuse of children by media celebrities, and some church leaders, has come to light; the neglect and abuse of vulnerable people and the elderly in care homes has shocked many.
The Bible teaches us wisdom, which is practical instruction for life. This wisdom applies to us both as individuals and as nations. The book of Proverbs says, “Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a disgrace to any people.” It would be good for us to humbly acknowledge, both as individuals and as a nation, our sin and disgrace. Like Abraham Lincoln and his people we, too, need the blessing of the living God.The last 8 months has been nothing short of an adventure. Life, an adventure full of surprises and shock. Every day coming with its own pro and cons. And this time it was totally unprecedented. Not having to go out or travel for an adventure was shocking. Totally uninvited, we all were a part of it. Making us realize how fragile we are. The so-called master of the universe was now all locked up in their own homes. Like many, Bartending was now one of the professions which had to face the brunt of so-called “Covid -19”. Bartending and covid had now to find a new way to co-exist.
To be, Bartender
Bartending, one of the oldest profession and choosing Bartending as a career never seemed a bad choice 🙂 . A time and tested profession. But the past 5 years has seen an immense surge in the bartending profession, everything just seemed right. And it seemed to heading in the right direction with more intriguing times ahead. The cocktails and the bartenders were on a roll. The bars were the new norm. Far gone were the days when only weekends rocked. The bars were now being patronized every day on the week. This definitely had a positive impact on bartending. Bartending was now all dressed up in a shiny amour for times to come.
And like the movies when everything seems just right, BOOM !! there enters the bad guy. “Covid “. Well, it’s not a very pleasant thing to happen, but it was something which could not be ignored. Things just turned tipsy topsy overnight. Wouldn’t want to elaborate much, as each and everyone are and is still playing their part here. Being very unpleasant, all we wished was for “Covid to never have happened”. But now there was no running away from the fact than were we all in the midst of a tuberlance like never before and all we have to do was “nothing”. But that “nothing “ was the toughest nothing we had ever experienced
Bartending and Covid, a sour couple.
This was such an unprecedented event no one having any idea of experience on how to handle the situation as the demand of the hour was to maintain social distancing to stop the virus for spreading. Now, this was something which was going to affect the hospitality industry as socializing is an integral part of the hospitality industry. Initially, it looked like nothing to worry about, as things were looking to get back to normal in a short span of time. But as time kept getting stretched longer the dismay started to build up. The anxiety amongst Hospitality professional was getting real.
Bartending and bar were now shut for more than 3 months and the light at the end of the tunnel was nowhere in sight. Infact it looked more of a cave than a tunnel. Always believed we were in the same storm but we fail to remember the ships we were in were different. And in this pandemic, all that mattered was the size of the ship you are in. Bartenders were now feeling the brunt of covid. Some of them even finding it difficult to make ends meet. And the future seemed not very bright. Bartending and covid didn’t seem to be not a very friendly couple.
With the bars now not functioning, salary seemed hard to come by. Every employee was now at the mercy of the employer. With nothing to do, and no possible source of income, building up a positive moral looked quite arduous. Everyone was now a victim, the employee and the employer as well.
But then individual help started to flow. But the hospitality section found itself totally desolated from the rest.
IFBA
Now if you are not aware “IFBA” – INDIAN FLAIR BARTENDERS ASSOCIATION. IFBA came up with a much-appreciated intention to help the bar industry by providing financial support to the bartenders through fund rasing. At this hours any little help was like an oasis in a desert. From what I believe some of the liquor company also helped sponsor IFBA in their Nobel cause. For IFBA to come forwards help in an hour such as this was a great initiative.
With 2020 almost coming to a close and bars being partly reopened things look a bit brighter. But the sales are nowhere close to the pre-covid era. Bartending will never fade away. it has and will withstand the test of time. One of the very few profession has witnessed and survived some of the worst plague in history.
With Covid now being a part of the system and not sure whether it here to stay of just a visitant. Things have started to shape up accordingly and so is bartending. With the vaccine looking distant away, people have now seen the worst phase pass by. Hopping things from here on just get better. Bartending and covid can now keep some distance from each other. And history has proven that fact, that bartending has and will always rise to the occasion.
Cheers !!
What does the Great Commission have to do with mobile devices? More than you might think.
Flank
Flanks
Dictionaries
The Wycliffe Bible Encyclopedia
The New Unger’s Bible Dictionary
Flank
FLANK. The translation of two Heb. terms, yarkâ (Gen. 49:13; “border” in NIV) and kātēp (Ezek. 25:9), referring to the far or side border or boundary of a territory. Rarely, in the KJV, it is the term for the internal muscles of the loins near the kidneys (see Loins).
Nelson’s New Illustrated Bible Dictionary
Flank
FLANK - the fleshy part of the side between the ribs and the hip. The term refers to the part of an animal sacrifice burned along with the kidneys and the liver (Lev. 3:4). The Hebrew word for "flank" is used to refer to the corresponding part of a person: "waist" (Job 15:27) and "loins" (Ps. 38:7).You have to make sure that perfect steps are taken to look forward to getting all the important information on different properties. It is important for you to ensure that the right effort is taken to look as to whether it would really be possible for you to get all the perfect ideas about the different available ones.
The company files in QuickBooks store all the financial info of a firm. These files have information like company liabilities, assets, employee details, and much more. Sometimes you need to rename the ..Netflix Caper Series 'Lupin' Returns For A Second Season This Summer
Lupin was the first surprise streaming hit of 2021, with its first five slick, super-fun episodes taking Netflix by storm. The crime caper series starring Omar Sy became the first French series to make the streamer's U.S. Top 10. But because of Netflix's weird release strategy (splitting up shows by "Parts" instead of seasons), we're left to wait to find out what happens next to Sy's master thief Assane Diop. And thankfully the wait won't be too long, with Lupin Part 2 set to hit Netflix this summer.
Netflix announced that Part 2 of the French crime thriller series Lupin will debut on the streaming service in Summer 2021. The five new episodes will be directed by Ludovic Bernard (The Climb), who directs episodes 6 and 7, and Hugo Gélin (Love at second sight), who takes on episodes 8, 9, and 10.
Sy is set to reprise his role as Assane Diop, a master criminal driven to a life of thievery to get revenge on the people who framed his Senegalese immigrant father for a crime he didn't commit. Naturally, he bases his heists on the exploits of the fictional gentleman thief Arsène Lupin. Also starring in Part 2 are Hervé Pierre, Nicole Garcia, Clotilde Hesme, Ludivine Sagnier, Antoine Gouy, Shirine Boutella,Soufiane Guerrab.
I'm a fan of Lupin hiring notable French filmmakers to direct the episodes — the Transporter director Louis Leterrier helmed the first three episodes of the series — as it helps Lupin maintain its sense of style and panache. I tore through the first five episodes of Lupin, which is a wonderfully frothy little caper that finally gave star Omar Sy his due, after years of the The Intouchables breakout being wasted by Hollywood in forgettable supporting roles. The actual heists are a ton of fun too, and it's exciting to see what kind of twisty escapades they have in store for us in Part 2.
Created by George Kay in collaboration with François Uzan and produced by Gaumont Télévision, Lupin is the latest international hit to come from Netflix, which has been aggressively expanding its global outreach, often resulting in lots of foreign-language gems getting buried in the algorithm. Lupin, thankfully, did not suffer that fate, and is deservedly getting a lot of attention after becoming the first French series to break into the U.S. Top 10 list (taking No. 1 in at least 10 countries, per Netflix).
There's no concrete release date yet for the next part, but check out the teaser art for Lupin Part 2 below.
In today’s world where engaging with customers has become more essential than ever, the companies are constantly evolving on making customer support more convenient and easier. Huge sums of money are being spent on contact centres and there has been an upsurge in the customer relation management platforms and technologies.
One such startup tapping on CRM but with a twist is Helpshift. Applying machine learning and AI in mobile CRM, it surely holds a promising future.
Register for this Session>>
 had any ability for users to start a conversation with their publishers/developers”, commented Abinash Tripathy, CEO and Co-founder, Helpshift.
This is where the founders saw an opportunity to come up with Helpshift. “In the early days of starting out, we created a Quora-like product called QOTD (Question Of The Day) for knowledge management in enterprises which eventually evolved into the customer support platform, Helpshift”, he added.
The story so far:
In words of Abhinash: “In 2010, I had an informal lunch with the MD of Nexus Venture Partners, Naren Gupta, where he offered $500K for my next idea. I wasn’t sure what it would be except that it had to be a SaaS company. CRM is the largest segment of Enterprise Software and the smartphone /app era was upon us. When we asked ourselves as to how CRM will have to evolve to the Mobile era, the idea of Helpshift was born.”
The company has come a long way since then. Having fetched a seed round of $3.25 MN USD from Nexus Venture Partners in 2012-2013, they have raised funding from the likes of Intel Capital, Visionnaire Ventures, True Ventures, Microsoft Ventures and Salesforce Ventures.
With an aim to move the product towards the vision of autonomous customer support where machine learning technology will be used to automate large parts of the customer support workflow, today the company stands at a total raised capital of $38.2MN. And it proudly flaunts an installation base exceeding 1.3 billion devices. “We’re used by thousands of the top apps in the world that include companies like Microsoft, Supercell, Target, and Honeywell, which allow us to service over 300 million mobile customers every month”, exclaims Abhinash.
Unique features of Helpshift?
Striving to provide a very high quality experience inside an app- whether on a mobile device, a desktop PC or the web, the startup majorly focuses on making the in-app support experience as convenient and effective as possible. Few of its unique features are:
- Self Service with facilities like being available even when offline, fully internationalised to help users in local languages, search-first experience, pushing out content updates in real time to apps.
- It is 100% In-channel. Their In-App chat feels like those familiar consumer chat experiences (iMessage, Facebook Messenger, etc.)
- It is both proactive and reactive. They segment users based on application usage and behaviour, send timely, targeted messages to users and go beyond Push messages with an in-app Inbox that supports rich media content and customised actions.
How is Helpshift using machine learning and AI to augment the next phase of Mobile CRM?
The first in the industry to marry marketing automation and customer support, they have been market innovators and are investing heavily in applying machine learning and AI to make sense of all the data, which amounts to billions per day, to help their customers become efficient by augmenting their workflows.
“We invest heavily in making our product self-service focused and easy to consume like any best in class SaaS product”, marks Abhinash.
“We apply AI in gleaning knowledge out of unstructured customer/product information. It helps us in automating and augmenting call centre agent workflows. Our AI engine can group similar customer problems together, flag the most urgent issues, surface trends in problems and detect/prevent customer churn which ultimately results in superior customer service experience and happier customers”, he added.
The idea is to drive quick answers to the most common problems that customers face. For example a call or help question can be routed to the best possible call centre agent after the system intelligently identifies and categorises the customer question.
Available on the Salesforce app exchange, Helpshift integrates directly into Salesforce Service Cloud. “This means that for companies that use Salesforce Service Cloud, there is no change on the administrative side of Salesforce. This allows for an easy installation and the best experience for our customers’ end users on mobile”, notes Abhinash.
Challenges:
“The techniques in AI are still developing, and people still probably need to collect higher quality data. It’s still not quite straightforward to perform “feature engineering”. However, deep learning could hold a key to that question” says Abhinash.
He further adds that the challenges seem hard, but it has already come so far. “People need to pick the right tools, invest in technology and re-imagine AI-assisted customer service. The future is in front of us already, and AI is clearly going to disrupt customer service, provided everybody places the right bets today”, he concludes..Tap on a feature to learn more.
Available for:
iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac, and Windows..Revered as a great thinker and scientist, he was also obsessive and dedicated to his work.
One of Newton’s more famous optical experiments involved using a prism to split the Sun’s white light into its component colors.
It’s easy to think of Newton only as a lonely and antisocial genius sitting at a desk, unraveling the mysteries of the universe. Yet there is so much more. In his lifetime, Newton vigorously conducted experiments, constructed models, conceived of the theory of gravity, and built the first usable reflecting telescope. He created a new form of mathematics, reformed the currency of England while Master of the Mint, and pursued counterfeiters to their deaths on the scaffold. He also studied the forbidden art of alchemy. Newton was a deeply religious man, but a secret nonconformer to the Church of England. He was cantankerous, paranoid, and feared that his hard work would be stolen by others.
Newton was a product of mid-17th century England. To understand the man, we need to understand the time and place in which he lived. King Charles I was beheaded in 1649, when Newton was 7 years old, and Oliver Cromwell and his son ruled England with a firm Puritanical hand for the next 11 years. Newton and his family were members of the Church of England, and young Isaac was well versed in church doctrine. But his beliefs changed as he grew older, ultimately putting him in peril of dismissal from his post at the University of Cambridge.
Born on Christmas Day 1642 (according to the old Julian calendar then in use), Newton was a sickly child and not expected to live. His father died a few months prior to Newton’s birth, and his mother, Hannah, remarried three years later. Newton was left in the care of his maternal grandmother. Apparently, the young Isaac felt abandoned — years later, he listed as a grievous sin an angry outburst in which he had threatened to burn the house down around his mother and stepfather.
Newton’s mother did her best to turn her son into a farmer, but Newton would have none of it. He was allowed to attend university because, according to his mother’s brother, William Ayscough, he was not fit to do anything else, thanks to his poor health growing up and his apparent lack of interest in anything except making models and reading books.
Newton was a vigorous experimenter, and the stories of his work and discoveries made while isolated at Woolsthorpe during the plague years are well known. This is when he developed the binomial theorem that led to calculus, completed his early work on the theory of gravity, and conducted several optical studies, including his work with sunlight. By sending the Sun’s light through a slit in a window shade and passing the light through a prism, he broke the beam into a rainbow, or spectrum. Then, passing the light through a second prism, he realized that the prism wasn’t creating the colors, but that they were a property of the Sun’s light.
Newton also used himself as a guinea pig in what might have been a rather ill-advised attempt to better understand color and vision. In the first half of the 17th century, the French philosopher René Descartes had proposed a curious idea about color. He suggested that color perception was caused by pressure exerted on the eye by swirling vortices. Newton read about this and didn’t agree.
But not all of his experiments were quite so dangerous. He watched the light of the setting Sun through the fringes of a feather. This created a diffraction effect, producing bands of light and color as the incoming sunlight bent around the edges of each barb. In another effort to understand vision, Newton stared at an image of the Sun reflected in a mirror for as long as possible. When he finally looked away at a wall, he saw concentric circles of light and color he called “motion of spirits.”
Although Newton is given credit for the theory of gravity, he wasn’t working in a vacuum. Robert Hooke, Edmond Halley, and others were also intrigued by the problem.
Hooke came from poor circumstances. He served as curator of the Royal Society, a scientific fraternity, in its early years, where he was charged with caring for the society’s growing collection of equipment and setting up the experiments for the regular meetings of its members. His 1665 book, Micrographia, was an instant hit. On January 20, 1665, Samuel Pepys, clerk of the Royal Navy and future president of the Royal Society, sat up reading his new copy until 2 A.M. Pepys declared Hooke’s work “the most ingenious book that ever I read in my life.”
But Hooke also tried to take on the great Newton. In the early 1670s, Hooke proposed the idea that the planets were held in place by a force inversely proportional to their distance from the Sun. Newton apparently had the same idea as early as 1666, but hadn’t published his work. In the summer of 1684, Hooke, Halley, and the English architect and astronomer Christopher Wren discussed the inverse square law over strong coffee without satisfactory results. Halley went up to Cambridge to see if Newton had any ideas. The resulting meeting lit a fire under Newton, culminating in the publication of Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica in 1687.
The war of words became increasingly bitter when they argued over color and the nature of light. Newton, however, struck the final blow. Hooke died in 1703. Later that same year, Newton became president of the Royal Society. One of his first acts was having the only portrait of Hooke destroyed. He also had a great deal of Hooke’s archived papers and research removed from the society. Fortunately, much of Hooke’s work was eventually recovered.
Newton turned on or argued with nearly everyone in the scientific community of the time. Most famous were his efforts to prove his discovery of calculus. The German mathematician Gottfried Leibniz published his work on calculus in 1684. Newton immediately tried to prove his precedence and started an acrimonious debate that lasted for years. He also turned on Huygens, as well as the first Astronomer Royal, John Flamsteed, and many others. He even accused Pepys, his friend, of speaking ill of him. It seems Newton could not stand to be upstaged or criticized by anyone, friend or foe.
Genius is obsessive, and Newton was no exception. Two of his greatest interests were religion and the dark art of alchemy. His early list of “sins” clearly shows the depths of his religious convictions. One of the Church of England’s core beliefs is the doctrine of the Holy Trinity, which describes God as three separate entities. This doctrine almost spelled disaster for Newton and his career.
The young Newton began his studies at Trinity College in Cambridge in 1661. To earn his keep, he waited tables and cleaned rooms. Newton was awarded his bachelor’s degree in 1665, and although he briefly went home when the school closed due to plague, he was back at Cambridge by 1667 as a newly appointed fellow on the faculty. By 1669, Newton had been appointed Lucasian Professor of Mathematics. To remain in this post, he was required to take an oath stating that he believed and accepted the Thirty-nine Articles of the Anglican Church.
One of the articles to which Newton would need to swear was a belief in the Holy Trinity. This represented a major stumbling block for the young professor. In his early years at Cambridge, Newton had plunged into personal religious studies. With typical Newtonian intensity, he studied the history of the Christian church from its earliest days. He carefully analyzed the prophesies in the Bible and calculated the date of the crucifixion. He even tried to determine the date of the Apocalypse: Newton thought this would take place in the year 2060.
What disturbed him most was the concept of the three-in-one nature of God. Newton found the Holy Trinity not only illogical, but abhorrent. He had read the works of an early Christian named Arius. This writer denied the divinity of Jesus, and Newton fully embraced the idea. He could not, therefore, swear to believe in the Holy Trinity when, in fact, he did not.
These stamps were issued by the U.K.’s Royal Mail service in March 1987 to celebrate the 300th anniversary of Principia’s publication. They depict Newton’s work with light and color, as well as his characterization of gravity and its description of the orbital motion of bodies, which applies to modern satellites and planets alike.
Newton was so obsessed with religion and alchemy that he wrote far more words on them than he ever did about gravity or optics. As a young boy, Newton spent time as an apothecary’s apprentice. He learned to make medicines and potions that he used the rest of his life. This may have been when he first developed an interest in alchemy. During the 17th century, philosophers and scientists still believed that they should be able to transmute one element into another. Such a process could bring great wealth to an individual who could, for example, change lead into gold. They thought this secret knowledge had simply been lost — and Newton believed he was just the man to rediscover it. He started experiments as an undergraduate and continued until at least 1693.
Newton had always been secretive and mildly paranoid. In 1693 he wrote to Pepys complaining of feelings of persecution, insomnia, memory loss, and loss of appetite. He even accused his longtime friend of spreading rumors about him and broke off their correspondence, though he later apologized.
But according to two papers published in 1979 in the Notes and Records of the Royal Society of London, these symptoms could have all been the result of mercury poisoning. Alchemists thought mercury played a major role in the transmutation process, and Newton used a lot of it. Heavy metal vapor must have filled his rooms. He even drank the stuff and complained of the aftertaste. It’s a miracle he lived.
When the post for Warden of the Royal Mint opened in 1696, Newton was offered the job; he was later appointed to Master of the Mint in 1699. He left the University of Cambridge for the mint, which would be the final position he held during his life.
At the time, England’s currency was on the verge of collapse due to rampant counterfeiting. For centuries, coins had been struck by hand, leaving them with uneven edges. People would “clip” the edges and keep the excess, thus devaluing the coin. It was also easy to counterfeit these coins. Newton’s duties included overseeing the industrialization and standardization of the nation’s coinage.
He was also charged with finding and prosecuting counterfeiters. This was not to Newton’s liking. He protested the “vexatious and dangerous” duties but was told they were part of the job description. So, as in everything else, Newton plunged into this work. He began to pursue these malefactors and see that they were sent to the gallows. In his book Newton and the Counterfeiter, Thomas Levenson describes in detail Newton’s efforts to see such criminals hanged. His words and actions indicate he may have enjoyed seeing such rough justice done. It was not uncommon for Newton to personally go undercover in seedy bars and other areas of London in pursuit of his quarry.
Newton was a complex man living in a complicated age. It was a time when magic and science still intermingled, an age of tremendous intellectual advancement and lingering ignorance. When Newton died, his estate was worth more than $4 million in today’s currency. Even with all this wealth, Newton wore a gold ring set with a small but powerful magnetic lodestone, rather than some other valuable gem. The ancient word lode means path or journey, and Isaac Newton surely opened new paths along a complex and at times difficult journey.
Receive news, sky-event information, observing tips, and
more from Astronomy's weekly email newsletter.
View our Privacy Policy.
By signing up you may also receive reader surveys and occasional special offers.
We do not sell, rent or trade our email lists.
View our Privacy Policy.Thanks for the pep talk Kim. Very much appreciated.
Well today's weigh in sees me at 109, so still going downwards although this week I have had the dreaded lurgy.
It is currently Sat Nov 27, 2021 1:23 pm
Moderator: Moderators
Return to Weekly Weigh In
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 5 guestsThe Doctor
Ben Wilson, MD
After graduating from Brigham Young University and the University of Utah School of Medicine, Dr. Wilson completed residency at St. Mark’s Family Medicine Residency in Salt Lake City, Utah and is board certified in family medicine. Dr. Wilson’s medical interests are broad and include primary care of children and adults, urgent care, dermatology, point-of-care ultrasound, and more.
Dr. Wilson has spent years as an assistant professor of family medicine teaching new doctors medical science, clinical reasoning, and medical skills, including physical exam, point-of-care ultrasound, joint injections, and more. He has also been involved in research about the philosophy of medicine – how we think about health and disease and how that affects medical practice.
In his spare time, Dr. Wilson loves spending time with his wife and four young children, writing and playing music, traveling, hiking, playing ultimate Frisbee, reading, learning new things, participating in religious activities, and taking care of the animals on the family mini farm.
NurSe
Angela Morlan, LPN
Angela has worked in the medical field for almost 25 years, including as an LPN since 2009 and previously as a CNA and an MA. Her experience is broad, including geriactric nursing, advanced wound care, home health, and specialized service in the emergency department and the operating room.
Angela thrives on educating patients about their medical conditions and being a champion to help them get the resources they need for improved health. Angela goes out of her way to make sure that her patients understand their disease process and how to manage their medical issues in practical ways. With Angela helping to manage your needs, you can be assured that your questions will be answered in a timely manner or routed to the physician for a more in-depth discussion.
In her spare time, Angela can always be found with her dog at her side – either training or just enjoying the companionship of her best friend. Her other loves include watching documentaries and learning other new things. Angela is looking forward to serving you and your medical needs.
About Liberty Tree Family Medicine
At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you receive medical care the way it should be.
Because we are funded only by our members, we are free from the shackles of insurance and other stifling regulations so we can focus solely on caring for you.
From all-the-time-you-need appointments to having the ability to text message your doctor directly, at Liberty Tree Family Medicine you will receive medical care that is above and beyond anything you have experienced in the medical system.
Freedom from the system:
- Direct access to the doctor by text, email, video, and phone – In the system it’s like having to break through a brick wall to talk to your doctor. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you can use our app to text, email, call, or video-call your doctor directly any time, any day.
- Easy-to-schedule same-day or next-day appointments – Have you ever had an urgent medical issue and been told you can’t get in to see your doctor for weeks or even months? At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, we can always see you by telemedicine or in person the very same day or the next day. Plus, scheduling is easy! You can just sign yourself up for an appointment online or through our app—no need for waiting on hold forever just to get an appointment scheduled.
- On-time appointments with no crowded waiting rooms – Ever wondered why in the system you get in trouble for being a few minutes late, but doctors can make you wait as long as they want? At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you can walk into your appointment immediately—no more long waits.
- Quick responses to your questions and concerns – In the system when you need help you have to navigate a confusing phone tree and then leave a message, only to wait for days until you get called back (if you get called back at all). At Liberty Tree Medicine, you have direct access to the doctor by email, text, phone, or video, with a consistently quick response time.
- Primary care, urgent care, and telehealth all in one from your own doctor – In the system you get bounced around to different doctors who don’t know you. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you have one doctor who takes care of everything!
- Know the price before you pay – In the system you are pushed into things without ever knowing what it will cost until you get billed weeks later. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you will always know exactly what you pay before you agree to it.
- No hidden costs – In the system you get bills with charges for things you never knew about. You will never be surprised by hidden costs at Liberty Tree Family Medicine.
- No copays – You never have to pay copays. Unlimited visits are included in your membership!
- Wholesale prices on labs, procedures, and medications – The system charges unbelievable prices for everything, just because they can. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, prices are a fraction of what you pay in the system (often 10 times cheaper or better)! Our prices are so much cheaper that you will probably pay less with us than you would pay as your co-insurance for the same test or medication if you went through your insurance.
- A free-market alternative to an overpriced and dysfunctional healthcare system – Free markets help keep prices low and quality high. But the system isn’t a real free market. In the system you never know what you’re going to pay before you buy, so you can’t shop for the best deal, and the big health systems and insurance companies can keep charging you whatever they want. You’re left with extremely high prices and low-quality care. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, we embrace the direct primary care model and take a true free-market approach where you know exactly what you will pay before you pay it. And you get the benefits—low cost and exceptional quality.
Exceptional Care:
- Unrushed, all-the-time-you-need appointments – Say goodbye to the rushed, 15-minute appointments you get in the system. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you get 90 minutes for first time visits and annual checkups, 60 minutes for regular visits, and 30 minutes for urgent care visits! Or you can schedule your own appointment times as you see fit to meet your needs.
- Point-of-care ultrasound for immediate answers – Ultrasound isn’t just for babies! We can use ultrasound to diagnose problems in almost any part of your body, including lung infections, blood clots, heart problems, gallbladder infections, muscle strains and sprains, and much more! At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, we harness the full power of point-of-care ultrasound to give you immediate answers. And it’s all included in your membership with no extra cost!
- Enhanced telehealth for more care from home – Telehealth is a convenient alternative to in-person care, but traditional telehealth has a lot of limitations. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you have the option to receive enhanced telehealth by getting the equipment and training you need to check your own vital signs at home. With this simple addition to your telehealth, we can diagnose more problems and provide better care. And you can choose to receive almost all of your medical care from the comfort of your own home or office.
- Thorough, detailed, careful evaluation – In the system you often get a rushed, superficial, ineffective evaluation. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, we have the time to really listen to your concerns and perform careful, thorough, detail-oriented, technology-enhanced examination that can lead to a better diagnosis and a treatment plan that really works.
- Respect for your preferences and religious beliefs – At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you will never be pushed or shamed into any examination, test, or treatment that doesn’t align with your personal beliefs and preferences. If you like to maintain complete modesty during your visit, we’re ok with that! If you prefer a very thorough physical examination, we’re ok with that! If you have religious reasons for avoiding contraceptives or other medications or treatments, we’re ok with that! We will respect you and work within your beliefs and preferences to provide the best medical care possible.
- Top notch, evidence-based medicine – As an assistant professor of family medicine, Dr. Wilson knows and practices by the best current evidence for delivering medical care. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, you will receive technology-enhanced, evidence-based, high-quality medical care.
- Treatment options insurance won’t cover – In the system, insurance companies get to dictate what you and your doctor can and can’t do. At Liberty Tree Family Medicine, we can focus on you and what you need, and insurance companies don’t get a say in it. If you decide you want a skin tag removed, we can do it! If we need to get an uncommon test done, we can do it!.Wild China: Yining (Gulja; )
Yining, 692km (429 miles) west of ?rumqi, has always been a tenuous possession of the Chinese empire, surrounded by the richest farmland in central Asia, and closer to Moscow than Beijing. During the Qing dynasty, it was the farthest point of banishment. Surrounded by high peaks and blessed with a mild climate, Yining is now a Han city with a smattering of Kazaks and Uighurs; it boasts hearty cuisine and access to the fascinating Qapqal Xibo Autonomous County (Chab u Cha'er Xian).
The colonization of Xinjiang began with the fierce ancestors of the current residents of Qapqal, 25km (16 miles) west of Yining. In 1764, 1,000 Xibo soldiers (followed "secretly" by 4,000 family members) were dispatched from Manchuria by the Qianlong emperor, with the promise that they would be allowed to return after 50 years. After putting the natives to the sword and hunting the region's animals to near extinction, the Xibo accepted the fact that there was no prospect of a return home, settled down, and took to farming.
While the Manchu language died out in northeast China, this outpost maintained their written and spoken language, and traditions such as the hanging family tree (jiapu). Most houses have one, with coins to represent the family coming into money, clubs and arrows the birth of a boy, and ribbons and boots the birth of a girl. Catch a bus from outside the Yining bus station to Cha Xian (30 min.; ¥5) and take a three-wheeler (¥5) onward to Jingyuan Si (admission ¥10). An exhibition of Xibo history inside this Lamaist temple is fascinating, but alas, the guide speaks fluent Russian and awaits her first Russian visitor. Wander among the fields of sunflowers and wheat, dotted with light blue courtyard houses with earthen roofs.
Getting There -- The airport is connected to town by taxi (¥20) and shuttle bus (¥3). CAAC (tel. 0999/804-4328) is in the foyer of the Yilite Dajiudian, Shengli Jie 98. Yining has daily flights connecting with ?rumqi. The bus terminal on Jiefang Lu in the northwest of town (tel. 0999/802-3413) has hourly connections with ?rumqi (12 hr.). Tickets for the daily bus to Almaty at 8am (10 hr.; ¥150) are purchased at the hotel reception immediately inside the bus terminal. There are abundant taxis, which charge ¥5 for 2km (1 1/4 miles), then ¥1.30 per kilometer thereafter; add ¥.20 from midnight to 5am. Buses charge ¥1, dropped in a box when you board. A tandem bike may be rented at Diaoke Shiguang, Jiefang Lu 64 (tel. 0999/838-2369), which also serves excellent coffee and traditional Tajik ice cream.
Where to Stay & Dine -- Yili Binguan, Yingbin Lu 8 (tel. 0999/802-3799; fax 0999/802-4964) is Yining's oldest hotel, set in the extensive (30,000-sq.-m/322,917-sq.-ft.) grounds of the former Soviet consulate, which are particularly charming in autumn. Midsize twins for ¥150 to ¥488 in buildings 2 and 3 to the west of the complex are the best choice. Yining's swankiest three-star hotel, the Yilite Dajiudian, Shengli Jie 98 (tel. 0999/803-5600; fax 0999/802-1819), is situated on the northeast corner of the Peoples' Square, the scene of anti-government riots in 1997. While this 12-story glass-and-tile monolith is out of place in sleepy Yining, standard rooms at ¥298 are spotless and bright and suites are well-priced at ¥500. Discounts of 35% are available.
For dining, in the evenings, food nightmarkets set up around town -- the one next to Renmin Square is easy to find. More formal options include the Guoyuan Canting (Yili He Minzu Wenhua Cun Xiang Nei 500 Mi Chu; tel. 0999/832-3580) which charges less than ¥100 for a meal set in an apple orchard on the north bank of the Yili River. (Turn left down the final road before the Yili Bridge south of town and continue for 455m/1,500 ft. The entrance is on the right). Enjoy steamed dumplings (you tazi), a local version of samsa with three fingerprints in each bun (yibazhua), whole chicken with vegetables and noodles (dapan ji), and the filling nang bao rou, a huge plate of lamb and vegetable stew on a wheat pancake. Sip honeyed rye beer called kvass (gewasi), and make friends with the local Uighurs. Try the most renowned Kazakh dish, naren, at Naren Canting, Xinhua Xi Lu 7 (tel. 0999/803-2434). Naren is roasted horse meat (taken from the waist) served on a pile of thick noodles with a side serving of nan and an appetizing salad of tomato, cucumber, and Spanish onion; it costs less than ¥40. The genial owner, Talgat, will cajole you to try horse's milk or yogurt, but these sour concoctions are an acquired taste. The regular yogurt (suannai) is creamy and delicious.
Note: This information was accurate when it was published, but can change without notice. Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.If you own or operate an oil and gas business in Texas, you've likely heard about oil and gas blanket bonds or P5 bonds, a type of oil and gas surety bond.
The P-5 bond is a license & permit bond required by the Railroad Commission of Texas. P-5 surety bonds are required to ensure different aspects of operating and abandoning oil or gas wells are managed and/or completed in accordance with Texas laws and regulations.
Some of the Oil and Gas well activities scrutinized for compliance with applicable laws and regulations are as follows:
These types of surety bonds are required to ensure that oil and gas operations in Texas follow all of the state rules and regulations that apply to them. This is why oil and gas blanket bonds are an important part of the permitting process. In the event that a company does not abide by the regulations set forth by the state, a P-5 oil and gas surety bond provides a path for recourse and protects the state from financial loss. This encourages responsibility in the drilling world, so that the state of Texas can ensure that businesses operate in the best interests of all Texans.
If the Railroad Commission of Texas has reason to believe an oil and gas producer broke a rule or regulation, the Commission may file a claim against the bond equal to the estimated amount of the damages. As long as the claim has merit, the surety company that issues and backs the bond agrees to settle it, up to the bond amount. However, the surety does not hold the final responsibility to the debt incurred settling the claim. That resides with the bonded party - the oil and gas producer. Whenever the surety steps in to settle a claim, the bonded party must pay the surety back the full amount plus interest and fees.
Anyone who operates oil or gas wells in Texas likely needs a oil and gas P-5 surety bond to operate legally. You will learn about the bond requirement while going through the process to set up a well. When that requirement exists, don't wait to get a bond. Waiting may cause unnecessary delays to opening the well. Instead, work with a surety agency like Viking Bond Service that specializes in finding bond applicants quality options in minimal time.
Texas Oil and Gas Bonds involve and agreement between three equal parties:
There are several bond amounts associated with the P-5 bond. There are blanket bond amounts of $25,000, $50,000 and $250,000. There is also a calculation available to organizations that solely operate oil and gas wells, $2 for every foot of total well depth. The actual surety bond cost (called the premium) depends on the size of the bond and the credit of the applicant. The premium will be a small percentage of the total value of the bond. The exact amount depends on the applicant's financial history and credit. As expected, riskier applicants pay more, but they're not necessarily denied a bond simply because of bad credit. If you need help getting a bond because of your credit, count on Viking Bond Service to find you options when others can't
The surety will only settle valid claims, which is why they thoroughly investigate every claim they receive. That may involve bringing in lawyers or professional investigators as necessary. If determined to be valid, the surety will settle the claim up to the amount of the bond. Afterwards, they will use whatever means necessary to collect the amount of the settlement from the the principal, plus interest and the cost of the investigation. It's in the principal's interest to avoid claims at all costs.
You will need to complete a standard bond application, which will ask for information about your business and your background. A credit check will be performed and any required supporting documentation about the business will be requested. Based on your application materials, underwriters at the surety will estimate your credit risk and use that to quote you a price. Once you pay the premium, the surety provides you with a document to prove you have a valid and active bond.
Oil and gas bonds can be difficult to place. Viking has markets that work with these types of bonds. We can typically obtain a P-5 surety bond quote the same day or within 24 hours of receiving the surety bond application and any required documentation. Viking Bond Service, Inc., is committed to providing oil and gas companies in Texas with the surety bond solutions they need to operate a successful business. Our surety bond experts are at-the-ready to assist you every step of the way, from initial consultation to long-term partnerships. We have over thirty years of experience providing superior surety bonds to businesses around the country. To get started, give us a call at 1-888-278-7389 or complete an online application today.
Free Quote
No Obligation
A DMEPOS Bond is required of some durable medical equipment suppliers. Read on an get a FREE quote here.
Get your Contractor License Bond fast. Viking provides fast quotes and we make the bonding process simple. Get started here.
Need a Bond? Here's how to get one. Read here for information about the bonding process.
Viking offers fast quotes and great rates for Auto Dealer Bonds nationwide.Testing Gears 5 On 1080p, 1440p, 2160p Resolutions. Mid-range RTX 2070 Super OC Delivers Interesting Benchmarks
The legendary NVIDIA graphics cards are being tested through the internet by tech and gaming enthusiasts who want to stay unbias in delivering benchmarks. Recently, a techtuber ARTIS uses mid-range RTX 2070 Super OC with test setup: Skylake i7 6700k processor, Cooler Master Hyper 103, MSI Z170A GAMING M7 motherboard, ADATA 16GB KIT (4x4GB) RAM, SAMSUNG 120GB 2,5 SSD 840 EVO storage and SEAGATE Barracuda ST3000DM001 3TB HDD storage. Gears 5 is almost new in the gaming market, so everyone is waiting for various hardware tests.
Also Read Our Best Pick Lists
Best Ryzen 3rd Gen Compatible RAM Kits
Let’s see what results come in pictures and graphs below
The table shows very interesting results. We start from an average frame rate: 1080p resolution provides the highest number and eventually 1440p and 2160 decrease the avg frame rate.
The same situation happens in average GPU framerate that decreases dramatically as pixels get higher and higher. However, avg CPU framerate (game) increases with little margins. In rendering it gets lower thus showing good performance. In less than 5% of avg minimum framerate decreases. GPU bound gets larger by pushing CPU bound to bottom 0.07%.
Product mentioned:
GeForce RTX 2070 SUPER OC
>GROWTH IS INEVITABLE: FEELING UNDERAPPRECIATED? VENUS RETRO IN SCORPIO
The six weeks from October 5 through November 16 of 2018 are tailored made for divine discontent, envy, comparisons and withdrawal from your best interests.
To explain love is to diminish love. Unless your heart has been opened, contemplated and reviewed, you may continue to use your mind and its transactional nature to see love as an amount. The love Goddess opens our hearts. She exposes our wounds. She gets us to confront our darkness. We must look at why certain aspects of our lives have been declared off limits or taboo when she speaks through concentrated Scorpio.
Good news? Oh, see you read ?Scorpio? and you go negative?sad, sad, commentary on fake and mainstream astrology. You see, because, Scorpio is one of the most giving signs?EVAH. Matter of fact, just like the preceding sign of Libra is learning to balance, ego and soul or lower and higher self, Scorpio is learning to lessen their emotional attachments?to give less, forgive themselves more for letting go of derelict partners, friends and, yes, family. Scheeh, as a spirited (Sun) in Scorpio, I have two brothers and two nephews that we share blood only. In typical nature-hates-a-vacuum reality, I have ?brothers from another mother? and I am beginning to see the grandchildren of my clients.
Scorpio (and until mid January 2019) there is no ?going along to get along?. There is authentic expression that pushes over ?sacred cows? or withdrawal until you can speak from your pure and unwounded heart. Leo (heart centered) rules over Scorpio?s communal persona. In other words, it is all heart, all the time. There?s logic within the Scorpio soul, if it?s only used as a covering simply to warn the uninitiated. To love is to risk being stung by the Scorpion tail, usually given as a warning that your hanging rope will be lengthened. The risk of your heart on very profound levels is what this next months are about. You have more reserves than you know.
Venus in retrograde connects us to our missing pieces of our hearts, namely the part of our feelings that we?ve been ignoring for the last nine months while the goddess of love has been all loving, other directed and Evening Star. On October 26, She aligns between the Sun (spirit) and Earth (physical) to be reborn as the Goddess of War, self-directed and Morning Star. You?ve heard: ?what you resists, persists?, no? Well, for the next nine months our trek through the underworld is not for the fainthearted.
Leading up to her retrograde function (aka the ?shadow?), we have had Supreme Court hearings that brought up gang rape, drug and alcohol use at an elite prep school. #Metoo, Bill Cosby?s jail time and the murder/cover up of an American journalist in Saudi Arabia, these events round out, but do not fulfill, Scorpio?s need to get to the bottom of things. As a fixed water sign, water ceases to flow when it reaches its lowest level. Scorpio is associated with taxes, hidden power and compulsions (underworld ruler Pluto), think about the info on the apparent criminal tax evasion of the Trump family?the pride in which it was done. Please note that the USA has a Morning Star in Scorpio. Since 2010, Her last retrograde in Scorpio, we?ve had a regression in our political discourse, known as the Tea Party (here?s taxes again), where one party simply obstructed everything it could. ?No taxation, without representation? has rarely felt so true today. After Aquarius, Scorpio is the next most rebellious.
Expect a reformation, as our collective awakens. After all, Venus is associated with women and women?s issues (which are human issues too). The desire to control one?s body and soul with integrity and to the death (if necessary, but more psychological transformation, owning one?s power within mutually responsive relationships, these are the functions of this Venus turnabout in Scorpio. Our evolution of our nation seven Venus cycles ago brought about the Cuban Missile Crisis. We must individually participate (North Node in Leo) in our society?s evolution (South Node in Aquarius). In 1776, 1962 and 2018 the evolution of Venus Star through Scorpio and the Moon?s Nodes align in the concentrated signs of Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. The first alignment, only white men as property owners had the right to vote. We must exercise our rights (Leo) to have a better future (Aquarius), Scorpio?s passion helps this process flourish.
Personally, it is important to know what your expectations are and most importantly which narratives of love, trust, betrayal and forgiveness have you become attached to. Listen to not only your self-talk, but also what you actually say about past and present relationships. Fortunately, we get from October 31 to December 2 where the Love Goddess lightens up a bit in Libra. We can air our disagreements with respect, possibly drying out or avoiding the recriminating tones usually associated with water signs (or deeply feeling folk).
Go back to 2002, 1994, 1986, 1978 and each eight years to see which themes of love and shared power were playing out in your relationships? Think dramatic cliff hangers. I lost my junior high school friend eight years ago to a suspected drug overdose. I remember in high school he had ambitions to become a medical doctor. His Scorpio reasons? He wanted to prescribe drugs. He fulfilled his ambitions, only to presumably self-destruct. For the past eight years since his death, I have focused consciously on living without regrets, another Scorpio theme.
This is the choice Venus offers us when She visits Scorpio: Regenerate or self-destruct. Join souls with another (or a cause, ideal) or your ego will die on hill of no value. Some signs live for slow self-destruction (usually the fixed ones such as Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius). Others binge and burn out like Sag, Cap, Pisces and Aries. Then there are the quiet ones that are there one day and gone the next like Gemini, Virgo or Libra. Cancer will sometimes leave without a whimper, but like Pisces they?ll communicate some kind of warning, if you?re paying attention.
The key to surviving this Venus turnaround is soul wrenching honesty and humor. You may conceal your personal truths out of a motivation of self-protection, but do not hide from yourself. Reread inspirational texts. Buy that piece of art. Whatever you decide surround yourself with symbols of support and inspiration (be they people or things). If you?re feeling unappreciated, then evaluate what you have (shades of Taurus, Scorpio?s opposite sign). Realize that any discontent with others during these times underscore the need to go within and contemplate your inner guidance. Noticing only what?s missing without evaluating what?s present is a sure way to repel or reject, instead of attracting. It is okay to move away from what you once valued or held dear, but take the time assess if this is true. At its end, Venus retrograde want a deeper alignment between body and soul which adds value to all your relationships.
In?Venus Star Point,?Venus?Tags?venus,?venus retrograde,?morning star,?ScorpiAs Cannabis focused Construction Managers, our team has toured many prospective facilities out in the far off lands of Western, Ma. We are often invited to put construction professional eyes on these buildings by clients who are looking to take advantage of the low cost per kilowatt hour as well as the lower property values. While there are challenges to overcome with these aged properties, there are certainly Pro’s along with the Con’s. See our article published in the New England Real Estate Journal here: or by clicking the picture below.
Operation technique
Statistical analysis
The Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) (Validated Danish version), and individual questions from the ICIQ-Vaginal Symptoms (ICIQ-VS) and Pelvic Organ Prolapse/urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire, IUGA-Revised (PISQ-12) questionnaires were answered by all women before surgery and at 6-month follow-up. Patient Global Impression of Improvement (PGI-I) symptom questionnaire was answered at follow-up.Gay Pride Parade 2013: DOMA Ruling Gives NYC More to Celebrate This Weekend
By now everybody and his or her significant other’s dog knows about the Supreme Court’s ruling on DOMA and Proposition 8, and — according to the Wall Street Journal — there is even more for New York’s LGBT community to celebrate this weekend. One imagines that the parade will be spectacular in more ways than one. Just don’t expect to see any of the justices using their first weekend of vacation to attend the festivities. They tend to consider public displays of support for Constitutional issues before the Court in poor taste, to put it mildly.
So, who said what about the case, and why? The Court’s official biographies can be found here.
On the side of the enlightenment, inclusiveness and equal rights for all (in order of Supreme Court seniority):
Anthony Kennedy: Harvard Law School and 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, prior to SCOTUS. Nominated by President Reagan in 1988.
Ruth Bader Ginsberg: Harvard Law and Columbia Law School. Professor of Law at Columbia and Rutgers and Judge of DC Circuit Court of Appeals, prior to SCOTUS. Nominated by President Clinton in 1993.
Stephen G. Breyer: Harvard Law and clerk for Justice Goldberg. Professor at Harvard Law and Kennedy School of Government, and First Circuit Court of Appeals, prior to SCOTUS. Nominated by President Clinton in 1994.
Sonia Sotomayor: Yale Law, U.S. District Court and 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals, prior to SCOTUS. Nominated by President Obama in 2009.
Elena Kagan: Harvard Law and clerk for Justice Marshall. Professor at University of Chicago Law and Harvard Law, prior to SCOTUS. Nominated by President Obama in 2010.
Justice Kennedy wrote the majority opinion, which overturned DOMA, citing 5 specific instances of unconstitutional violation of American citizens’ rights: 1) DOMA violates the 5th Amendment, 2) DOMA creates a “stigma” on citizens, 3) DOMA violates “due process and equal protection” as specifically protected in the Constitution, 4) DOMA humiliates children of same-sex couples, and 5) same-sex couples are denied federal benefits. In other words, this is all about equal rights before the law.
Chief Justice John Roberts, Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito all wrote dissenting opinions. Justice Clarence Thomas joined Scalia’s dissent in whole and parts of Alito’s opinion, as is his prerogative.
The Chief Justice’s opinion stated, somewhat mildly, that before voting to overturn DOMA, he wanted ."
Justice Scalia’s dissent, read from the bench, was incendiary by comparison. At one point, he declared the Constitution "neither requires nor forbids our society to approve of same-sex marriage, much as it neither requires nor forbids us to approve of no-fault divorce, polygamy, or the consumption of alcohol."
At the risk of assuming a very great deal upon less than perfect evidence, one can only conclude that the Court’s dissenting minority doesn’t “get” the basic American value of fairness and equal rights for all citizens. worse things a model can do (although it happens far more than we think). Drugs can do many things to a model, to include deteriorate her looks which is the foundation of most models’ careers as well as mental faculties.
I truly hope that the models out there who look up to her wake up, smell the coffee, and learn from her mistakes.
April 26th, 2007 at 5:06 pm
[…] the recent flurry of news over the Kate Moss drug scandal, Naomi Campbell felt compelled to defend her, although Naomi has issues of her own – but […]2021.11.26 22:47 JealousRazzmatazz162 2004 Taylor Swift Signed 1st Demo - met her when she was 14
2021.11.26 22:47 Lopsided_Dig_7432 OMG!!!1!!11!!1🤯💀 i found sussy imposter in real life!!1!111!🤯🥶💀
submitted by Lopsided_Dig_7432 to doctor_nefardio [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 AceCombat9519 Does anyone here Know that 2rd to 4h Generation Girl croup song is close to SES Just a feeling?
I'm currently watching SES Just a Feeling on Youtube on SES Youtube Channel and my question is this is there any 2nd Generation 2006-2011 3rd Generation 2012-2017 & 4th Generation 2018-present girl group songs close to SES Just a Feeling 1st generation 1996-2005 girl groups? Is anyone here able to answer this question?
submitted by AceCombat9519 to kpophelp [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 Ness_Is_Bad Legit question:
How can I tell this nigger at my school he reeks of kfc and watermelon?
submitted by Ness_Is_Bad to school [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 les_nasrides Gently Cruisin’ with the boys in YVR.
2021.11.26 22:47 EricSchC1fr Department Of Defense Team Deployed To Help Overwhelmed Northern Colorado Hospital Staff
2021.11.26 22:47 Wasted_Weeb807 Me when the
2021.11.26 22:47 AzuriOnTheLine Idk
2021.11.26 22:47 tanin47 Analyze log files with SQL using Superintendent.app
submitted by tanin47 to programming [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 wander84 I didn't sell! Up 1100% moderna!!!
2021.11.26 22:47 Pilotdude3_YT GTA Online Broken
Has anyone else had loads of glitches and bugs, or is it just me and my friend? My prediction is the servers are on life support because of Heist Month.
submitted by Pilotdude3_YT to gtaonline [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 hesheatingup Who are some of the best people you've seen or hired on Cameo?
submitted by hesheatingup to AskReddit [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 wheesuh omg i really wish an ugly guy with 0 social skills that never takes showers or leaves his room would have reddit esex with me!!!!
what some of y’all think girls on reddit think
submitted by wheesuh to teenagers [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 ShaunTheDog Dogvember - Smorgi
2021.11.26 22:47 CrowWasHere BUT I RAVU PIKU!!!!!! >:(
2021.11.26 22:47 Open_Consequence_786 Supernatural anime where mc is finding girlfriend
Alright so it's been awhile, but I remember this guy and his friend go out to look for a lost girl or whatever, and alone the way they find magic in like rings and stuff, and jump around n shit with it. Horrible description, but other then that all I remember is a brown haired guy with hair clips from said girl.
submitted by Open_Consequence_786 to Findanime [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 Dazzling_Silver_9033 SurfMoonToken
An excellent team, a grandiose project that does not stand still, I am glad for your success!#surfmoon #bsc #bmb #crypto
submitted by Dazzling_Silver_9033 to deficryptos [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 Dijachef Easy Homemade Moroccan Mhancha
2021.11.26 22:47 CASAT33 :V
2021.11.26 22:47 No_Preference1784 heres a good story if you wanna read it
(this was like a week ago)So I watch this YT live stream on military news and im on the shows discord and was chillin one night and see a guy in the VC,so I decide to pop in with a rando,as we get talkin hes a OP FURY PHANTOM(fallujah) vet and he asked if I knew photoshop. I say yes and I do poorly,I ask why. He says he wanted his friend in a group pic after the battle. I think for a min and say "fuckit why not" so I just do some crappy trimmin,yadda,yadda,yadda and boom im done and send em the final project. He goes "oh shit thanks man!,I wanted this done for like 17 years but never got to it!" not only did that make my day but this UNIT got a purple heart for exposing himself to enemy fire to call in a MEDEVAC(medical evacuation). Man hes a kickass mf. Soon hes coming out with a book soon .about him and his friends POV's during the battle. Anyways how was your thanks givin?
submitted by No_Preference1784 to teenagers [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 zhabels Natalie and Jesse
Oh lawd, can we talk about the Single Life on here?
Jesse is getting his panties in a bunch about steak (!), alcohol (!) and his "synergy." (!) I wish Jenifer would continue to find his sexuality (walks like a bro) boring.
Natalie is on date two trying out to be a runway model after having the most awkward first date of all time (bringing up children, exes, aliens and God).
I can't stand Stephanie but I think I need to shut this off.
Not worth watching.
submitted by zhabels to 90dayfianceuncensored [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 byama When you finally decide to give the corner exploit a try...
2021.11.26 22:47 DarkWolf164 Is there a way to play dragon quest 9 on the PC?
I have the DS copy of it but i really wanna play it on the PC.
submitted by DarkWolf164 to dragonquest [link] [comments]
2021.11.26 22:47 trueXLR8 Why do people pee on the toilet seat in public bathrooms?
submitted by trueXLR8 to NoStupidQuestions [link] [comments]Amy Grant was born on November 25, 1960 in Georgia. Amy Grant is a Rock Singer.
Amy Lee Grant is an American singer, songwriter and musician. She started in contemporary Christian music 1986, she scored her first Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 song in a duet with Peter Cetera, "The Next Time I Fall."
Amy Grant is 61 Years, 0 Months, 2 Days old. Amy Grant was born on Friday and have been alive for 22,282 days, Amy Grant next B'Day will be after 11 Months, 28 Days, See detailed result below.Augustyn receives NSF CAREER Award
Dr. Veronica Augustyn, assistant professor of materials science and engineering at North Carolina State University, has received a Faculty Early Career Development award from the National Science Foundation (NSF). The award, known as the NSF CAREER Award, is one of the highest honors given by NSF to young faculty members in science and engineering.
NSF will provide $517,000 in funding over five years to support her project, “Understanding Ion Transport in Solvated Layered Oxides for Electrochemical Energy Storage.” This research is supported by NSF’s Solid State & Materials Chemistry program in the Division of Materials Research.
Augustyn’s project aims to understand the electrochemical energy storage properties of layered metal oxides whose interlayers have been modified by water or other types of solvent molecules. Layered oxides are an important class of materials in electrochemical energy storage devices such as batteries and electrochemical capacitors, which power cell phones, electric vehicles and, increasingly, renewable power grids. Her research will lead to improved understanding of energy storage mechanisms as well as the design of new layered materials with better energy storage properties.
Another goal of her CAREER Award is to train students to work on global challenges across diverse cultures, highlight the societal impact of engineering to recruit and retain under-represented student groups and increase the global diversity of scientists and engineers. This will be accomplished via collaborations with universities in Uganda, and hands-on experiment kits and virtual teamwork to train students to work on diverse teams.
Augustyn’s research interests include materials for energy storage and conversion, electrochemical interfaces and solid-state chemistry
Her current research involves understanding materials at electrochemical interfaces during energy storage and conversion. In addition to the research sponsored by the CAREER award, current projects include the design of materials for high-energy-density and low-cost aqueous batteries, high power nanostructured electrode architectures, multivalent ion intercalation and electrocatalysis of the oxygen evolution reaction. This research is broadly motivated by the need for low-cost, long-lasting, and safe energy storage for sustainable power grids as well as better batteries for portable electronics.
Augustyn is also co-founder and faculty advisor of SciBridge, a nonprofit organization based at NC State that connects researchers in the United States and Uganda, Tanzania and Ethiopia around the area of renewable energy.
She received a B.S. degree from the University of Arizona and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of California, Los Angeles, all in materials science & engineering. Her postdoctoral training was completed at the University of Texas at Austin.
- Categories:Collective Soul 25th Anniversary- Ed Roland
The story of Collective Soul emerged a little more than twenty-five years ago from the basement of Stockbridge Georgia songwriter Ed Roland‘s parent’s basement. It is not the first time that a song demo such as “Shine” was recorded at home by an aspiring songwriter, only to escape and then find itself in search of a band (think Tom Scholz and Boston). But after selling over a million copies of the album Hints, Allegations,& Things Left Unsaid primarily on the phenomenon of “Shine” alone, the second album in March 1995 under the name Collective Soul containing “Where the River Flows”,”Gel”,”December(Spit Me Out)”, and the gorgeous “The World I Know” is one of the strongest sets of melodies and tasteful arrangements to come from the era. –RedbeardHello there everyone, I hope you are doing well!
For today’s post I decided to share my summer 2017 wardrobe staples with you! Summer is one of my favorite seasons and actually the one I like to dress for the most. I picked out my favorite pieces of clothing that I love to wear in summer so I really hope you will enjoy this blog post!
Let’s get started😊
Disclaimer: This post is not sponsored by any of the brands mentioned. I bought these clothes myself, all thoughts expressed are my own and 100% honest. This post contains affiliate links.
The first item of my wardrobe staples are these cute shorts from Zara. I really like these shorts because they have lace/embroidery (not sure what to call this haha) on the sides and little pom-poms at the bottom. These details add something a little more special to your regular pair of shorts, which I really like! The waist is regular (not high waisted nor low rise). I bought these quite some time ago so I don’t think they still sell them, you can get similar ones here.
Here is a close-up:
The next piece of clothing from my summer wardrobe staples is this gorgeous kimono from Hollister. I really like kimonos, they have been really trendy and they just finish off any outfit beautifully. This one is black with white embroidered flowers on the front, sleeves and back. I really like the festival vibe that it has and it goes with a lot of things as well! You can get a similar one here.
Here is a close-up of the back of the kimono:
The following item of my summer wardrobe staples are these high waisted blue shorts from Hollister. These shorts are really simple but they have become a must-have for me! I just love the high waist fit and these literally go with anything. Pretty much every brand has some high waisted shorts so you can definitely find some really cool ones! You can get them here (the color is a tiny bit darker but the shape is the same 😉 ).
Here is a close-up of the sides:
The next piece of clothing from my summer wardrobe staples is this lovely white top from a french brand called “Comptoir des Cotonniers“. I really like this top, it’s cute and feminine. I also really like the square collar which I was not used to wearing before but now I am obsessed! It has nice details and the fabric feels amazing too. LOVE. IT. You can get a similar one here.
Here is a close-up of the collar and the back:
This next item from my summer wardrobe staples are these cute little shorts from H&M. I have been wearing these sooo much! I bought these while I was in Italy two years ago and I am obsessed with them. I love the designs, they remind me of doodles and mandalas. They also have little white pom-poms which are soooo cute! the fabric is really soft and they feel really light (which is great because this summer has been hot!). They are also high waisted. Since I bought these a while ago I didn’t find the exact same ones but you can get a similar pair here.
Here is a close-up of the sides:
The last (but not least!) piece of clothing from my summer wardrobe staples is this lovely romper from Hollister. I love rompers so much (except when you have to go to the bathroom…), there are so many different kinds! This one is really cute because it shows the back and is off-the-shoulders, which makes it quite original. The fabric is really soft and I really like the ruffles! You can get a similar one here (the shape is the same).
And that’s it! These were my summer 2017 wardrobe staples, I really hope you liked this post😊
Please let me know in the comments which item was your favorite and tell me what are your wardrobe staples!
I wish you a very nice day/night and I will talk to you in my next blog post!
All the love,
Follow me on social media:
Instagram: @Happy_Roxanne
Twitter: @The_Happy_Diary
Pinterest: @RoxyTheHappyDiary
Shop this post:For any business to be successful, audit and assurance must be integrated in its operations. This process ensures that your business has established its financial position, in addition to compliance with all set accounting standards. Indeed, your company would struggle to secure safe investment, or create powerful partnership deals if experts providing audit and assurance Calgary are not hired. Therefore, it's inevitable to run a company and fail to involve to perform auditing tasks on all the company's operations in this city.
The professional auditors you hire must have ability to provide transparent independent assurance to all stakeholders including investors, clients, bankers and members of the public. There is a need to hire the most experienced audit firm in Calgary to provide all auditing services for your company. The firm should have a team of auditors with wide scope of experience from multiple industries.
Business owners in Calgary are encouraged to seek the services of qualified and professional auditors because they can provide immediate and long-term solutions for their auditing issues. In fact, there are many companies providing assurance services in this city, it's important to take some time and research extensively in order to find the best firm available.
Understanding that not all auditing firms are equal in terms of experience, skills and their operations is vital when looking for the one to hire. As a business owner, you need to understand the difference between auditing and financial reporting. Financial reporting is a continuous process meant to determine the financial position of your company, whereas the work of external auditors is to ensure that your business is abiding to relevant standards, policies and procedures.
The audit firm you hire should observe highest audit and assurance standards. It implies that the firm is recognized for providing quality services across this city. It must have the expertise and commitment to serving every business tier and industry. Hiring audit professionals is a big milestone of ensuring all malpractices are exposed, and you'll be able to build a strong financial future for your company.
Before hiring audit and assurance firm, you need to ensure they are qualified and legitimate. You can arrange for private meeting with them to scrutinize all their certificates, licenses and other approval documents. This would minimize chances of hiring unqualified auditors who may later cause damage to your business. Therefore, if you need your business to overcome financial hurdles it's experiencing, hire the services of audit and assurance professionals in Calgary, and you'll know all activities and transactions that have taken place with or without your knowledge.Hi Steve,
I wanted to let you know that everything from you was perfect. Sean’s favorite part of our wedding was the Photo Montage. He has watched it almost everyday since the wedding. The songs were perfect and Zac did a great job with everything. We danced and had people dancing all night long. It was great.
Thanks again for everything,
Sean and Jodi Holland
Hi, Steve!
I'm not sure if you remember us, but we're Brandon and Sarah Blount...you were the DJ at our wedding at Wolf Lakes Park last October 11th. I thought I would send you a picture to post on your website under "past events." We want to thank you for helping make the best day of our lives such an amazing one. Thank you for your support in our personalized selection of music ("Walk It Out" instrumental to walk up the aisle to, the Bulls theme song to enter the reception...)! We would definitely recommend you!
Much Thanks,
Brandon and Sarah Blount
Dear Steve,
Thank you so much for providing such a wonderful music selection for our wedding. We received lots of compliments on what a great job you did and how much fun everyone had. You were a pleasure to work with and we had lots of fun. Thank you!
Sincerely,
Anthony and Sarah Bandy
Dear Steve,
Thank you for making our wedding memorable. Your choice of music was wonderful. Our families and friends also had a great time at the dance floor. We are glad that you were our DJ. We will definitely recommend you to other people.
Once again, thank you very much,
John and Miyuki Rogers
We couldn't be more pleased with the service that StarBerst Entertainment and Steve Berst provided for our perfect wedding. It was perfect and our guests danced the night away.
Thanks again,
Eddie and Traci Rodriguiz
We had a wonderful time at our reception… We didn’t want the evening to end. After we returned from our honeymoon we had a lot of people tell us what a great time they had. They all wanted to know where the DJ was from. Thanks to StarBerst Entertainment, our reception was a big hit!
Jeff and Renie Fagundes
StarBerst Entertainment did a wonderful job at our wedding! The company was very professional and friendly to work with. Everyone who I have talked with had a great time at the wedding. They said the music was great and the DJ took requests. We couldn't be more pleased with StarBerst.
Sincerely,
Michael and Lori StarkovichJava Micro Service API Generation
TL;DR - How to get java Vert.x to automatically generate a Open API v3 spec (a.k.a. Swagger) and serve it to Swagger UI, through Vert.x. Why I wanted to do it, and what benefits we saw.
Motivation
I joined a new role earlier this year as a Full Stack developer.
My colleagues had created RAML files for unit testing.
These files were also used to help document end points.
Unfortunately, the files were out of date;
- Developers found it a chore to keep the RAML files up to date.
- Testers would have to ask developers for example payloads for API requests.
- Automation engineers would ask developers for change details when automation failed.
- Nobody knew how many end points we had.
- Nobody wanted to write documentation for immature end points.
It was a real mess and something had to change!
I wanted to set up API documentation on the JAVA micro services in such a way that it would NOT be a burden on developers to keep up to date. I also wanted everyone a single source of truth.
Longer term, what I really wanted was to create SaaS ready API documentation…
Research and Development
I knew about swagger from previous projects; more importantly, Swagger UI.
My vision was to get Swagger UI into every micro service we had.
I searched the internet for ways to get a framework named Vert.x to generate Swagger.json. I found lots of JAVA related projects but only one specific to my requirements. It was good, but missing lots of implementation. The author had made a fantastic start to the project and wrote up omissions in the README.
Several weeks later…
vertx-auto-swagger was born.
A sample repository that would;
- Take JAVA annotations and generate OpenAPI 3.0 specification JSON.
- Serve the specifcation out on an end point.
- Serve Swagger UI out as a website.
- Use Swagger UI as a replacement to Postman.
Point 1 – I updated the implementation to include Schema definition and Examples of payloads.
Point 2 – I served the swagger specification out on /swagger.
Point 3 – I had a choice of either hosting a Swagger UI away from the code base or include Swagger UI within the codebase. I went with the latter as I did not want to battle with any CORS issues and wanted to reduce any DevOps overhead.
I took a distribution copy of Swagger UI and served it out through Vert.x as a static website.
Point 4 – I wanted to take advantage of the “Try it out” button in Swagger UI that would auto populate payloads with an example JSON. This was the end deliverable, as to give users a better alternative to using dekstop based applications such as Postman.
I wanted our swagger to have examples of request payloads so that a user could click and run examples. If the API changed then a developer could reflect the changes immediately for others to see.
The sample project uses no database calls, and mocks example requests.
The sample project uses Schema definitions with required field support.
This was a big must for us as I wanted to eventually have one routing method to validate all requests to a schema definition. The sample project has examples of this; if you try to send in an item that does not exist in the schema definition then a 400 is thrown to tell the user that a bad request was performed, with details on which item in the request was rejected.
Challenges
Path parameters!
Swagger UI has a “try it out” button. – It’s great, but it takes any Path parameters entered and substitutes them out using curly braces in the routing.
This is totally fine if one can rely on routing to use braces, but in my scenario, Vert.x insisted on using colon : to express parameters in the path.
I managed to get a fix in place for this, and sent a Pull Request in to Swagger API to get it adopted.
Unfortunately it was rejected as the Swagger spec does not support colon’s.
Hi @anupsaund!
We’re unable to add support for this, since it’s not part of the Swagger/OpenAPI Specification.
If you’d like support for colon notation in parameters, the first step is to start a discussion on the OpenAPI Specification repository:.
If it’s added to a future version of the specification, we can then add support for it here 😄
Also note that you could (and for now, should) modify the output of your generator to translate colon path parameters to the templating format that OpenAPI calls for today.
I’m going to close this out since it’s not possible to accept such a change at this time. Thanks for your efforts!
I then took to hacking the code into my minified version of Swagger UI. It’s not ideal but at the moment, it works. BTW, it was too hard to switch colons to braces in Vert.x.
I also created a ticket over at OpenAPI for colon support to be considered for inclusion into the specification.
Did it actually work for us?
It took a few months of development work but we now have a fully documented customer facing API with JWT authentication that is being used cross functionally.
We also went ahead and moved the generator code into a common library so that it can be used across micro services.
We all suspected that the API’s we had written would require attention in areas with respects to correct response codes and 500 errors. We now have full visibility of what needs doing and surprisingly, the mountain of tech debt we suspected turned out to be a few mole hills of work! We now have visibility of what we need to incorporated into out sprint planning, in order to make our API’s robust and eventually customer facing.
Summary & Repo Link
I hope this article inspires others to create a similar holistic solution to API documentation and web API contracts. It was very well received by my colleagues and senior management as a MUST feature for us to incorporate into everything we do.
The repository link is below. Please check it out, there is a more comprehensive read me in there from a technical perspective.
Github Project:How to start a successful phishing simulation program
Simulated phishing attacks provide an effective way to help identify, track and measure weaknesses and improvements in your security program as they relate to phishing and social engineering. Phishing simulation can also help you identify which types of phishing attacks are most successful against your organization and which groups of employees to focus more on as part of your security awareness training efforts.
There are several ways to run phishing simulation exercises across your organization. One of the quickest and safest ways to do this is to use phishing simulation software like PhishDeck to send employees a simulated phishing email. However, there’s more to a fruitful phishing simulation exercise than just the tools that help you carry it out.
Carrying out a successful phishing simulation test requires some planning. Before running your first phishing simulation it is important to work out the following.
Plan your initiative
Before launching your first phishing simulation campaign, you should have a plan of how the phishing simulation program will work. This will help you better communicate initiatives with other executive team members and department heads.
Ensure that your phishing simulation plan covers the following.
- Frequency of your planned phishing simulation campaigns (e.g. quarterly, bi-monthly, monthly…);
- A description of supporting security awareness content to be made available to employees;
- Easy to follow instructions about how employees should report suspected phishing or social engineering attacks.
When communicating your initiative make every effort to be clear, concise, and transparent – be sure to provide readers with a way to reach out and ask questions
Identify phishing simulation metrics
Defining metrics will help you determine how successful your security awareness and incident response programs are.
While it may be tempting to focus on reducing the open rate and click rate, they probably aren’t metrics you would want to focus on. Emails are there to be opened, and links are there to be clicked–on their own, these actions are not inherently dangerous.
Instead, it is advisable to focus on metrics that are tied to actions that have real-world consequences. The following are some examples of useful metrics to track.
- Count of credentials entered
- Count of phishing emails reported
- Time to first report
- Average time to report
- Time to first response
Get leadership buy-in
Your organization’s leadership needs to be on-board, to authorize and endorse all phishing simulation assessments. Having your organization’s leadership buy-in ensures they fully understand the motivations behind phishing simulation as well as the value it brings to your organization’s overall security posture.
If your organization’s leadership is still on the fence about conducting a simulated phishing program, you can use this opportunity to explain the risks phishing poses to your organization, the motivation behind your proposed phishing simulation program, as well as the value it brings to your organization’s overall security posture using examples that are contextual to your organization. For instance, showing an example of a real phishing email, or citing phishing statistics for a specific industry vertical, will make your case with leadership even more relevant and interesting.
This is also a great time to establish a few “golden rules” such as ensuring that it would not be acceptable to shame phished employees and that the results of a phishing simulation would not have any negative effect on anyone’s employment. Establishing trust with employees and recognizing that they are an integral part of the solution in the defense against phishing attacks is the cornerstone of any successful security awareness program–undermining that trust is a surefire way to shoot your security awareness program in the foot.
Run a baseline phishing simulation campaign
To kickstart your security awareness program, you’ll need to determine what your phishing baseline is. A phishing baseline is an indication of how many targeted users open, click-through, and complete the action requested in the phishing email (e.g. entering their credentials into a phishing website).
Knowing what your baseline is, allows you to track progress and gauge the effectiveness of your security awareness efforts. Additionally, a baseline also helps you track improvements or regressions in your response to phishing attacks.
When running your baseline phishing simulation campaign, keep it under wraps. While you will likely want to involve a limited number of stakeholders on a need-to-know basis, keep the number of people who know about your phishing simulation campaign to a minimum. You will certainly want to be in close collaboration with your IT helpdesk, and depending on the type of organization you are performing the phishing test on, you may need to give a heads-up to a representative from legal and HR (ideally without providing specifics as to time frames of your campaign).
Segment and stagger
While you can certainly send an entire organization a single phishing simulation email at one go, someone is likely to notice, sound the alarm early, and ruin your exercise. While having someone sound the alarm is a good thing since you’re trying to determine a baseline, you want to try and delay this as much as possible. Additionally, you don’t want to inundate your IT helpdesk, even if they are notified about the test in advance. Instead, it’s wise to take the following approach when obtaining a baseline.
Segment your targets
Before you start your first phishing simulation campaign, you need to identify who the simulation will target. If it’s your first time running a phishing simulation in your organization, you may be tempted to run a single large-scale simulation across the entire company.
The first step in this regard is to identify what departments or teams will be the most affected by a phishing incident. This is important because if you do not know who the target is, you will not know what to look for in the data.
Select several pretexts (templates)
If you confine your campaign to only one pretext (template), you will end up making things predictable if/when the word spreads. We recommend a minimum of 2 templates and a maximum of 5 for your first phishing test.
Stagger sending times
Stretch the phishing simulation campaign over a period of time. The duration of your campaign is up to you, but depending on the size of your test, we recommend it be somewhere between 5 and 30 days when running a test with 300 phishing simulation targets or less and up to 60 days for tests with over 500 phishing simulation targets.
Exclude weekends and hours outside 9 to 5
While PhishDeck handles this automatically for you, you should keep in mind that emails that land on a weekend or outside working hours are probably not going to get much attention. Additionally, even if you’re on the best of terms with your IT helpdesk team, no one likes being called in on a weekend or after hours.
The first phishing simulation should remain in stealth mode for as long as you can keep it. This means that your phishing pages should not redirect to any sort of educational content once a target completes the action being asked of them in the phishing email (e.g. entering their credentials). Instead, the phishing simulation page should redirect to some generic error page. Again, the point of a baseline is to better understand your organization’s exposure to phishing and collective security awareness.
Announce your phishing simulation program
While your baseline phishing simulation should remain secret, so as to conduct an accurate assessment of your organization’s exposure to phishing, you want to make sure that any ongoing phishing simulation program is clearly communicated to employees. Think of this as a fire drill–telling everyone the exact date defeats the purpose, but letting everyone know there may be a fire drill helps set expectations.
It is also very important to clearly communicate the intentions of the program. It should be clear to everyone that the objective of simulated phishing exercises is not to trick anyone or make anyone feel stupid but rather to help build defenses in anticipation of the real thing.
When announcing your phishing simulation program, make sure to include the following key elements.
- Explain what phishing is, and why it is such a big risk for your organization;
- Explain that phishing simulation is part of the organization’s ongoing security training and awareness strategy;
- Provide advice on how to spot suspicious emails and communications;
- The process of reporting a phishing email to your IT helpdesk;
- Where to find additional help and resources.
Launch your phishing simulation program
Once you’ve communicated your program with everyone, it’s time to launch your phishing simulation program (congratulations!). We recommend conducting phishing simulation tests not more than once a month, but at least once every 3 months.
Use the results obtained in your baseline together with the metrics you defined to inform your security awareness strategy and use follow-up phishing simulations to assert whether your efforts have registered an improvement and if so by how much.
Since your organization changes over time, you may want to repeat your baseline phishing exercise (e.g. once per year) to account for new joiners, leavers, and other organizational changes. Alternatively, you can set up baseline phishing simulation assessments for new joiners.
When done right, phishing simulation tests help safely expose both your employees and IT support/response teams to the dangers of phishing. This helps users not only know what to look out for but also how and where to report a suspected attack. Moreover, the results you obtain from your phishing simulation exercises, together with tracking of your defined metrics (for example count of credentials entered, count of phishing emails reported, time to first report…) will help inform decisions on where to concentrate efforts.
Putting time, thought, and effort into a simulated phishing program, especially when it is part of a larger security awareness effort, will pay dividends and help foster a measurable, proactive security culture in your organization.Technologists, Technicians & Other Technical Service Providers / Vascular Specialist health care providers
NPI Number One (NpiNo.org) helps you easily look up more than 198 Technologists, Technicians & Other Technical Service Providers / Vascular (10)
- CA California (29)
- CO Colorado (1)
- FL Florida (9)
- GA Georgia (2)
- IL Illinois (7)
- IN Indiana (8)
- LA Louisiana (1)
- MD Maryland (4)
- MA Massachusetts (2)
- MI Michigan (13)
- MS Mississippi (1)
- MO Missouri (6)
- MT Montana (1)
- NH New Hampshire (1)
- NJ New Jersey (16)
- NM New Mexico (3)
- NY New York (4)
- NC North Carolina (2)
- OH Ohio (4)
- OK Oklahoma (1)
- PA Pennsylvania (11)
- PR Puerto Rico (7)
- SC South Carolina (1)
- SD South Dakota (2)
- TX Texas (30)
- UT Utah (2)
- VA Virginia (4)
- WA Washington (7)
- WI Wisconsin .. #KYCallCenter, #CISE.
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
On any given day, you may:
Well qualified candidates are:
Basic Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications
PLEASE NOTE: Training will be provided ONSITE. After training, employees may be given the opportunity to work remotely when they reach proficiency in the USCIS.By Inside Retail Asia
Retailers in Asia appear confident of a resurgence in sales next year as the impact of Covid-19 wanes – and many are eyeing an expansion of physical store networks, especially in China and India.
Real-estate company CBRE surveyed more than 150 retailers across multiple categories and found 65 per cent of them want to expand their physical store network, more than 90 per cent in China and India.
Ada Choi, CBRE’s head of occupier research & head of data intelligence and management, APAC, said this bodes well for landlords suggesting prime locations in city centre shopping malls and high streets will remain keenly sought-after, “as retailers pursue a flight to quality against the backdrop of stabilising rents and scarcity of available space in these locations”.
However, the research suggests that domestic demand will be behind the retail resurgence, perhaps questioning the potential impact on cities more dependent on tourist traffic.Covid-19 pandemic has shaken up the economy and has claimed many lives of people. It certainly is the highlight of this year. The lockdown caused the closure of many shops, offices, and restaurants, which pushed everyone to work from home remotely during the pandemic.
One positive thing that this pandemic has brought is for the digital world as more people became more aware of technology and used it to sustain their businesses. There was a significant boost in the online presence of businesses and remote working. The digital strategies of many companies were changed, which promoted the transition of remote working.
Statistically, employees are being more productive when they are asked to work from home and their companies like that. However, the question remains whether this remote working environment is a temporary solution until the pandemic is over, or will it provide long-term benefits and transforming initiatives?
Infographic by: Raconteur.netyour friends, Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor: Clothing. Buy Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor:. your friends, very convenient to carry and keep. ; Please Do Not Machine Wash or Brush Wash.; Perfect winter gift for yourself, very convenient to carry and keep. 。Please Do Not Machine Wash or Brush Wash.。Perfect winter gift for yourself. 2018 。 Size: 11.5cm diameter ; 3.8cm thickness。image size : 8.5cm。Classification: Earmuffs。Feature: Light cream color;。Lightweight practical foldable design, Easily fold and fit into a bag. and your famil。Package Quantity: 1 x Earmuffs。 。 。 。, and your famil 。 Package Quantity: 1 x Earmuffs 。 Shipping Information: 。 ASIN: B07L423M72 。 。 Item model number: distr02211621b1384219f64464 。 Date first listed on : December.
Angel-fashions Womens Round Neck Beading Sequin Backless Slit Party Dress, Ubikwitas7 U7 Optimistic Realist Hoodie. kionme Women T-Shirt Patchwork Stripe Print Long Sleeve O Neck Tops Knits & Tees White. Womens Original Tall Snow Winter Waterproof Rain Wellies Wellington Boots. Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor, Spring Autumn Women Ballet Flats for Woman Slip On Casual Shoes Office Lady. Hugo Boss Saturn Lowp Tech2 Sneaker, Calvas Siam Color Pear Drop Crystal Fancy Stones Teardrop Glass Beads.1014mm,1318mm,1825mm,2030mm DIY Jewelry/Wedding Dress Item Diameter: 20x30mm 60pcs, Jewel Zone US Simulated White Sapphire 5.5mm Heart Pendant in 14k White Gold Over Sterling Silver, Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor. Never Underestimate The Power of Odell PF, Vintage T-Shirt,Rainbow Color Geometric Fashion Personality Customization. Mens Flat Bottom Slippers,Outdoor Leisure Beach Slippers. Shy Facepalm Black Cute Chat Emoji Table Hook Folding Bag Desk Hanger Foldable Holder.Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor, UNINUKOO Unko Mens V-Neck Henley Shirt Long-Sleeve Casual Slim Fit T Shirt, GAGA Womens Baseball Retro Floral Print Button Jacket Casual Coat Outwear,
We collaborate with organizations that are keen to transform the legal industry with tech. Using the legal design process, we can help you ideate, build prototypes.
Common Fabric Can Only Absorb Sweat, Pug Cool Tshirt - Pug Geometric Tee Shirt Design for Men and Women, Size:L -US:8 -UK:12 -EU:38 -Bust:98cm/38. The angler pant is designed to meet the needs of the true outdoorsman. Buy Vortex 248A-46 Silver 46-Tooth Rear Sprocket: Sprockets - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases. They are faceted LED screw-in replacement bulbs designed for traditional incandescent C9 (E17 socket) sockets. and it makes the designs more bright and high-end, Heel pull tab for easy On and Off. Model Number:Italian mens shoes brands. 1/10W Chip Resistor 0603 (1608 Metric) Automotive AEC-Q200 Thick FilmProduct AttributesSeries:- CRCW, Everyday made better: we listen to customer feedback and fine-tune every detail to ensure quality, 36˝ circle of snap-fit E-Z track. sole: 20cm stocking length: 23cm. You will receive one Adjustable 7" - 9" Micro-feceted 4. Please Read The Size Information Before You Buy It. A keyhole cutout at the front accentuates the halter neckline of this printed top. Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor, Hassle Free 30 Day Full 100% Refund Policy, 7mm Metallic HTPLA - Galactic Empire Purple Filament. Wall-Mount Bottle Opener Attractive solid brass finish with an anchor. Comes with 2 mats Plexiglas Cardboard Backing and Wire nails and hooks. look for other botbots series 1 assortments (5-pack assortment E3486 and 8-pack assortment E3494, Delight Jewelry Easter Egg Basket Congratulations Charm Hanger with Mini Baby Feet Heart: Clothing. Rib collar to retain shape over time; Premium quality and construction, Vestil AP Approach Plate for Edge-O-Dock Leveler. ADJUSTABLE FEATURES: This men's stretch pant features a partial elastic waist and gusset detail for ultimate comfort, Your frame will be shipped 5-7 business days after final artwork approval, Please also note sizing runs small, All designs can be made to order in any Size EU 35 to 45 / US men 3 to 11, Sea glass style mini starfish pendants, Special request animal caricatures and animal figurines, and three buck in orange sweater vest cards. Have an amazing idea for what you want and just cant find it. Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor. Face Value: Forever (current 1st Class rate). Euro Baby Nurture Color 07 Mermaid, Please note sales tax applies to orders shipping to NJ. These are large bobbins so if you order more than one it is more economical shipping, available exclusively at our online shops, This amazing Sterling Silver stacking ring set features five bands, Gorgeous shades of grays and winter mint. • Individual owned business over 15 years of experience. Celebrants bachelorette * Please note the glitter is a digital effect and not real glitter * __________________________________________ SHIPPING: Your Wine Labels will be printed. This old world desk will suit your functional needs while maintaining an exclusive style, • Do not share or resell this file. There are lovely wood trim details and to the front and at the base. Get Well Pills Greeting Card Rx Get Well Soon Pharmacy. I'll happily accept custom orders. Dinosaur's Jungle fabric window topper curtain Valance. diotis maritima; Serrated Yarrow, Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor, 85) (Renewed) : Sports & Outdoors. : BALIKEN 70' x 35' Inch Portable Professional Rubber Foam Poker Table Top Layout Rectangular Poker Mat (Not Waterproof) : Sports & Outdoors. can be a cool gift for birthday. Works great with King Kooker Outdoor Jet Cooker, DURABLE & FLEXIBLE: Flexible plastic allows the edging to be installed in a straight lines or smooth curves. Friends Central Perks Black Lanyard ID Holder Keychain: Office Products, ✅Product Specifications Frequency Bandwidth: 2, Tied in sets of three with red string for good luck; attract wealth, Easy to install and they can be folded down at the top for a fashionable cuff or pulled up high without the cuff which makes it easy to put on in less than seconds. The final effect is subject to the actual product, Free delivery and returns on eligible orders, Robust legs made of cold rolled steel, Home Security Flood Water Leak Leakage Detector Sound Sensor for Basement. Hygienic glass surface which resists marking. Charcoal/Neon Blue Style ADJUSTABLE. Helps practice proper body position and improve kick technique. Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor. ➤➤This silk grass will never die off. Waterproof electrical panels with rocker switches. Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor Bhutan Country Name, Buy Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor: Shop top fashion brands Earmuffs at ✓ FREE DELIVERY and Returns possible on eligible purchases,Design and fashion enthusiasm,products at discount prices,We offer free shipping on all orders of $15 or more. Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer, Bhutan Country Name Red Earmuff Ear Warmer Faux Fur Foldable Outdoor.Trial food waste collection scheme gets underway next week
Published: Wednesday, November 3, 2021
Residents in more than 2,000 households in Southfields are being urged to take part in an experiment starting next week that could help determine the future of waste collections in the borough and potentially help reduce the borough’s carbon footprint.
Share this
Around 2,300 households in a part of the borough known locally as the Southfields Grid have been invited to take part in a food waste collection pilot scheme, which will get underway on Thursday, November 11.
The results of the trial will help refuse and recycling service managers assess the merits of introducing a borough-wide scheme to collect food waste separately.
The council collects around 25,000 tonnes of food waste mixed in with other rubbish every year.
At the moment this is sent by river barge, along with all the other non-recyclable rubbish collected from the borough’s 144,000 homes, to an energy from waste facility, which uses it in place of fossil fuels to generate electricity that powers approximately 17,000 homes.
As part of the trial, separated out food waste will instead be sent to an anaerobic digestion plant where micro-organisms will break it down to produce a biogas that is fed into the National Gas Grid, as well as liquid fertiliser used to improve agricultural soils.
Homes included in the Southfields trial have been given kitchen food caddies and bio-degradable caddy liners to store their food waste, plus larger external food containers which will then be collected weekly as part of their normal refuse and recycling collection service.
The council’s director of environment and community services Paul Chadwick said: “The council has a target to reduce its carbon emissions and become a carbon neutral organisation by 2030 and zero-carbon by 2050.
“This means examining and evaluating everything we do to see what changes we need to make to achieve these targets.
“We are proceeding with a limited pilot scheme to begin with to see how well it works. We know from other areas that have introduced similar initiatives that there are barriers to achieving high levels of participation and we want to get a better understanding of these.
“Lessons already learned in other boroughs are that although these schemes can work well initially, the amount collected tends to tail off quite significantly over time. Given the high cost of investment to bring this forward, it is important that we study the results of the pilot and work out what works best for our residents.
“The council’s main focus remains to actively encourage residents to reduce all forms of waste, including food, which is by far the best environmental outcome. Minimising the amount of waste material that needs to be collected and processed is a key element of our carbon reduction programme.”
Collecting food waste separately will likely require different vehicles than those used to collect the remaining household waste and recycling.
• The council has also unveiled a home composting trial which could see food scraps, peelings and other organic waste processed in back gardens, providing homeowners with a ready source of nutrients for their plants and flowers.
For more information on the council’s plans to tackle climate change visit
Categories: Cost of Graffiti, Graffiti Removal. You became the one you told me you were afraid of becoming. Pingback: August 2014 Report - Indefinite Adventure. I purchased a used version stated to be in very good condition, however the sleeve is completely torn. Offering a unique insight into the very essence of graffiti and its creative explosion over the past thirty-five years, it takes us on an adventure throughout the Americas and Europe to almost every corner of the globe." Thanks for participating, Agness. Perhaps not the best-written or most informative of books, but it serves well as an introduction. "We're just the emergency team, who try to get to the worst of the graffiti as soon as it appears," he said. A photographer’s paradise, just about everywhere you go you’ll be snapping up shots of colourful buildings and incredible street art. I applaud my own boyfriend for bearing to look at me in my decked out Halloween socks that I never seem to have a shortage on. As hip-hop culture spread from America, graffiti became a worldwide phenomenon, emerging in the 1980s as the symbolic artistic language of young people everywhere. Thank you. Get this book if you want a pretty cool gallery of graffiti, not if you're looking to read about it. Cities also gain character and a sense of uniqueness through the aesthetic value of graffiti art over the grey slabs of concrete. The street art scene in Istanbul, Turkey is continuously growing and developing, drawing International artists as well as local. Street art should be appreciated more by municipal authorities, it brings color into the urban landscape. Kristen Haddox, Penn State University4. A lot of them you can but at your local drug store, including the makeup that was used on her for the 2020 CMAs. Purchased as a gift for a graffiti artist. It's a nice book to add to your collection. Don’t suffer unsightly graffiti to remain near your place of business or neighborhood. This is intended to be used as a display so I'm very disappointed. The answer is no. The “open air museum” in San Miguel is a great example of that:, Pingback: Most Read TRAVEL Articles of 2014 | Backpack Me, Pingback: A Stroll in Columbia | so much depends. She took some time to share how her roles have evolved since New York City first shut down in March 2020, as well as how the climate surrounding mental health has shifted and grown even more apparent in 2020. I’d love to contribute something from Chile sometime if you’d like me too – this country has some really impressive street art. Don't subscribe Where is the one from Montreal ? Really neat book to flip through and read pieces from. He manages to mix mainstream phenomenon’s with old school ideas. street art you’ll find in Shoreditch, London, 20 reasons you should choose to visit Crete this summer,,,, [LINKS] Travel Talk #3 - Like a Local Mag, August 2014 Report - Indefinite Adventure,, Most Read TRAVEL Articles of 2014 | Backpack Me, Why I’m not good enough is not good enough, Save BIG on flights with hidden-city ticketing, Sint Maarten and Saint Martin Visas for Indians, Quick and Easy ‘Return Tickets’ for International Travelers, Why I left Dubai and won’t come back, part 2/2, How to open a US Bank Account as a Tourist / Non Resident, Why I left Dubai and won’t come back, part 1/2. very happy with book. But as... "Graffiti World is the ultimate graffiti book. Reviewed in the United States on November 17, 2018. ;), Love this! Not only is it famous for it’s street art, but it’s actually encouraged by the local council. Chiang Mai is known for its charming northern Thai architecture from the Lanna Kindgom, beautiful temples, and peaceful green hills. She gave us powerhouse and soft spoken vocals. Located between three banks and opposite Suria Sabah mall, the graffiti concrete pillars and walls is a landmark of the city. Because it is so good, it's only right to rank the songs. Of course everyone remembers the graffiti on the Berlin Wall, but it was quite interesting to see it spread into the east and covering all sorts of abandoned buildings.. first off there's just too much stuffed into it. World War II graffiti; Soldier with tropical fantasy graffiti (1943–1944) Soviet Army graffiti in the ruins of the Reichstag in Berlin (1945) Permanent engraving of Kilroy on the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. There are short bios for the works and artists as well. Jennifer Kustanovich, SUNY Stony Brook5. The 5 Richest Graffiti Artists In The World. This piece stood out both because of its location within the walls of the Old Quarter and for the aggressiveness of its message, which seems totally at odds with the Thai people and their culture. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled.
W Symbol, Just Energy Reviews, We Energies Human Resources, How To Get Custom Field Value In Wordpress, Margarita Cocktail, George Westinghouse Cause Of Death, The Oxford Murders Full Movie Watch Online, Mobile-first Wordpress Theme 2020, Inspirational Poems For Teachers,Earlier this year, due to increasing demand, the Clark Materials Facility acquired our second Quantum Design Physical Property Measurement System. Similar to our original PPMS, this system is capable of DC and AC electrical transport measurements over a wide range of temperatures (1.9 – 400 K), magnetic fields, and sample orientations relative to the field. This system has several distinct advantages over our current 9 Tesla Evercool II PPMS system:
A helium reliquefier is integrated into the system such that it can be shut down and completely removed from the system in order to eliminate mechanical vibrations, potentially lowering the electrical noise floor for sensitive measurements. This is an inherent advantage compared with our integrated EverCool II system which can be paused, but the compressor remains running and mechanically coupled to the measurement system at all times.
Current facility users who are trained on the original PPMS can begin using the new system in its current configuration with virtually no additional training. New users or anyone with questions regarding the system should contact Steve Kriske.Take control of your mobile experience with our award-winning app. Choose your number, build your own mobile plan, and experience a better way to do mobile. Get 50% Off Yearly Plans using Virgin Mobile Discount Offer.
Listen to all your favorite music ad-free, and enjoy unlimited downloads with an Anghami Plus subscription on all plans worth AED 79 or more.
Choose a plan of 10GB or above and a number that you love. Total cashback of AED 210 in the customer wallet.
Get AED 70 each month credited to your wallet for 3 months. Choose a plan of 10GB or above and a number that you love Make sure you use the promo code at the checkout summary page Pay and activate your SIM.
Virgin Mobile Coupon Code Details:
Sign up & Select Unlimited Local Mins when building your plan. Order your SIM for delivery. Upgrade to Unlimited Local Mins by selecting ”Update Next Plan” and choosing Unlimited. Extra AED 79 in your wallet using Virgin Mobile Promo Code.
Get your family to join Virgin Mobile and you all get 500 extra minutes/texts, completely free, every month. Get AED 70 each month credited to your wallet for 3 months. Choose a plan of 10GB or above and a number that you love Make sure you use the promo code at the checkout summary page pay and activate your SIM.
Just pay AED 39 per month and pay 474 in total for 12 months on your plan. Get AED 70 each month credited to your wallet for 3 months. Choose a plan of 10GB or above and a number that you love Make sure you use the promo code at the checkout summary page Pay and activate your SIM.
Known for offering no-contract wireless services, Virgin Mobile has been a leader in the telecom industry of the Middle East since its launch in 2002. The services from Virgin Mobile include lightning-fast speed, along with unlimited 5G, customizable packs, unlimited local calling and data, affordable long-term talk times, easy AED 79 instant credit and many more plans that won’t disappoint you for a bit. Whether it’s unlimited text, talk, or data and irrespective of the phone you’re currently using- make Virgin Mobile for every communication purpose.
Virgin Mobile is part of the enormous media brand Virgin Media and therefore expertizes in smartphones, basic phones, or broadband, and networking. And, when you use the latest Virgin Mobile discount code and Virgin Mobile promo code from VoucherCodesUAE, you can receive amazing discounts on your phone and internet bills.
Featuring an extensive online market place as well as a chain of brick and mortar stores, Virgin Mobile sells top cell phones, including Samsung Galaxy, Apple iPhone, as well as HTC Desire. With free shipping, free activation within 60 minutes, and no contracts- there is nothing better you could ask for at Virgin Mobile. The unlimited plan options for 6-12 months can help you save in bulk. You can also enjoy unlimited music streaming through Pandora or free months of Netflix with the 6-month plan or 12-month plan.
If you happen to have relatives and family overseas, Virgin Mobile has got already got you covered there with the family pack, internet calling and international minutes! Virgin Mobile offering international calls to more than 200 countries spread across the world, including Mexico, Canada, Germany, Russia, Egypt, etc. Besides, Virgin Mobile also gives you the chance to turn your cell-phone into a wifi hotspot- where up to 5 devices can get connected, all in a single go.
For additional information on your subscription and current rates, you can always hop onto the Virgin Mobile website or dial up the Virgin Mobile contact number. Plus, managing your plans and profile is super-easy if you download the Virgin Mobile app. Select your preferred plans, choose your favourite number and get the sim delivered to your doorstep without going out to physical stores. Build your own calling and internet custom plans and earn interesting cashback and credit back on activating the app. Plus, the app users can avail themselves of exciting discount deals with the help of an active Virgin Mobile coupon code.
Virgin Mobile aims to make communication affordable for everyone and the custom plans, or the annual 12-month plans reflect the philosophy. Check out the latest Virgin Mobile UAE coupon codes from us before selecting the plan and save more on the recharge every time. When you activate the sim after using our assorted Virgin Mobile promo code, free sim delivery is available easily. Place the active Virgin Mobile promo code at checkout and get instant credit on your total recharge value. For any other information, contact the Virgin Mobile customer care office without a hitch.
Virgin Mobile is a well-known name in the telecommunication industry since 1970. Founded by Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group, Virgin Mobile has been bringing the best in mobile communication, financial services, music streaming, leisure, travel, and health to all their customers across the globe. They believe in constant innovation for technological advancement and prompt customer service. As of now, Virgin has extended its reach to more than fifty countries and employs over fifty thousand people around the world.
You can enjoy double data, free sim delivery at home, unlimited local plans and many more with Virgin Mobile. Plus, if you want to save a little more on your recharge bills, you need to use our active Virgin Mobile promo code and get instant credit back in your own account.
At Virgin Mobile, you can make your plan and get the sim to your doorstep, while sitting in your comfort zone. Apart from monthly payments, you can buy more data, yearly plans, local & international calls only when you need it. Browse the wide store's categories to explore competitive rates for local minutes, international minutes, mobile data, double data, SMS roaming, and more. You can also choose your new number, or carry the current one and enjoy its delivery within 1 hour. There are more services you can avail of, like tracking your data usage, viewing recent bills & payments, updating account details, receiving push notifications, and much more.
Virgin Mobile offers a wide range of plans to suit the needs of every customer. While some might prefer to use their phone to make calls, others may prefer to text than to call. For many, high-speed data plans are an absolute must due to smartphones and available apps. To cater to all these requirements, Virgin offers bundles, which depend on what people are looking for, to ensure that they get the best deal possible. They have sim only plans, top-up plans, monthly plans, yearly plans, and unlimited data plans for maximum flexibility and more value for your buck. You can save money on your purchases at Virgin Mobile by combining the latest Virgin Mobile codes with your bills.
Refer a friend is their way of rewarding you for introducing your friends and family to Virgin Media or Virgin Mobile. Just register your email address and get your unique referral link, or use your exclusive referral code that can be quoted in-store or on call. If your friend places an order through the link or code that you shared with him, both of you will receive a cash reward 28 days after the installation of their services or the delivery of the phone or SIM.
Virgin Mobile has a handy My Virgin Media app that you can download on your android phone. The app can assist you in learning more about your current Broadband service, TV, and Phone services. You can also use the Virgin mobile app to manage your bills, make payments & bookings in minutes, or track appointments and deliveries. You can also contact the Virgin mobile team now and even check how the network services are working in your area.
It is a great idea to use Virgin Mobile UAE promo codes, discount coupons, and Virgin Mobile vouchers to save on your data plans and packages in the United Arab Emirates. You just have to apply a verified and working Virgin Mobile wireless promo code at checkout to enjoy extra savings. Find the best offers and Virgin Mobile vouchers at VoucherCodesUAE and save your time & money. You can also join Virgin mobile or VoucherCodesUAE's newsletter to enjoy your savings with the latest Virgin Mobile discounts, Virgin Mobile UAE coupon codes and deals, and Virgin Mobile discount codes for 2021 to save big on your orders online.
To get the best discount deal on Virgin Mobile, you can visit reliable coupon websites like VoucherCodesUAE, where the coupons and vouchers are verified by the merchant and routinely monitored for their validity status.
Subscribe to the VoucherCodesUAE page to keep yourself updated with the latest available Virgin Mobile codes. You can use "VCUAE210" on your shopping cart to get an extra discount.
VoucherCodesUAE provides exclusive Virgin Mobile Coupon Codes to help you save money on your orders. Simply browse the Virgin Mobile page to get 100% verified Virgin Mobile Coupons for free.
Once you have selected all your purchases, just go to the shopping bag icon and view your cart. There will be a small box labelled "enter Virgin Mobile promo code," where you can add any promos "VCUAE210 " you have. Once you are done, tap on the "Checkout Now" option to get your order rolling. That was easy!
You can contact Virgin Mobile support by visiting at
VoucherCodesUAE provides exclusive Virgin Mobile Coupon Codes to help you save money on your orders. Simply browse the Virgin Mobile page to get 100% verified Virgin Mobile Coupons for free.Refined, confident, natural you.
We’re dedicated to helping you look and feel your most confident. Our facilities offer a range of surgical and non-surgical services such as facelift, breast augmentation, BOTOX®, laser hair removal, and more. Meet with our trusted Kaiser Permanente physicians, nurses, and estheticians to start planning your results today.Google AdWords is an advertising platform developed by Google, in which advertisers place bids to show short ads, product offerings, service offers, or informative videos to internet users. It’s also able to place ads on mobile applications, web pages, and video. It is a PPC or pay-per-click advertising network that delivers relevant ads to websites via targeted keywords.
Google AdWords offers advertisers immediate access to a large and diverse variety of advertising markets. Local Marketing Vault Review target a wide range of products, services, and demographics for your ads. You have the choice between pay-per-click (PPC) and cost-per-impression (CPM) models. With CPM, you are only charged when someone clicks on one of your ads. PPC works on a daily budget campaign schedule with fixed prices.
You can measure the performance of your campaigns and check which ad types are bringing in more traffic. You can also use the Google Analytics Content Network tool to track ad click-through rates. This tool also allows you to know which keywords are bringing in the most clicks. If your campaign is not getting enough traffic from relevant keywords, then you should immediately make changes so that your ads are bringing in more traffic.
Google AdWords is integrated with other Google tools such as Google+ Local, Google Maps, Gmail, and Google+, which allows advertisers to create pay-per-click ads based on a user’s location. For instance, if you are advertising a dog grooming service in New York, your ads will show up on Google Maps and appear above search engines results pages such as Google, Bing, and Yahoo. Google’s ads are displayed on the right-hand side of search engine results pages as a sponsored link, which means that users have agreed to have their information shown when someone searches for products associated with the sponsored link. Google AdWords can also be integrated with social media marketing tools like Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn so that users who post about the services you offer will also display your advertisements.
There are ways to target your advertising based on a visitor’s language preferences and location. You can also use targeted advertising to increase your conversion rates, such as custom email campaigns and content marketing. It would be best to learn more about how you can use ads to your advantage and optimize your website, blog, or landing page.
Google AdSense is another way to use ads to your advantage, especially if you own a site that generates a substantial amount of content. Google AdSense is an online advertising program that pays you every time someone clicks on one of its ads. Google AdSense’s ad format is usually a text-based format that will appear at the top or bottom of a web page. The format makes it easy for readers to find what they are looking for.
AdWords is not affiliated with Google AdSense, but you can use the same bidding strategy to market your site. If you want to advertise using Google AdSense, you can use the same bidding strategy AdWords uses to advertise itself. You may also want to consider bidding on long-tail keyword search terms like accounting software. People who are interested in those types of products will likely click on your Google ads.
Google AdWords offers advertisers a variety of options for targeting their advertising. You can choose from several different keyword lists and even create custom lists based on your specifications. You can use negative and positive words, specify where you are willing to spend, how much you are willing to spend, and choose from various payment options, including per-click and pay-per-impression methods. Google AdWords can make it easy for you to target the right audience for your online business.PROMOTER Frank Warren promised an immediate rematch after Liam Smith claimed a controversial victory over Liam Williams in their domestic super-welterweight clash at the Manchester Arena.
Welshman Williams looked to be holding a commanding lead when he was withdrawn at the start of the 10th round with his right eye clamped shut after an apparent head clash.
But referee Terry O’Connor did not notice the incident and as such instead of going to the scorecards, Smith was handed the victory due to his opponent’s retirement.
It was a fortunate end for Smith, who did not take the WBO Interim belt as a result having tipped the scales two pounds over the limit at Friday’s weigh-in.
The Liverpool 28-year-old had been outclassed for much of the opening half of the contest by the brighter Williams, who was looking to extend his unbeaten professional record to 18 fights.
Smith, in his second fight back after losing a brave challenge to Saul Alvarez in the US last year, gradually clawed his way back into the bout but was hampered by a bad cut over his right eye.
Towards the end of an all-action ninth the pair appeared to come together and Williams reeled back to his corner where trainer Gary Lockett had little option but to pull him out.
Add CommentThe City of Abilene is pleased to announce Kale Strunk, a fifteen-year member of the Abilene Fire Department, as its Interim Fire Chief.
“After reviewing applications and conducting interviews with potential candidates, I decided to appoint Kale Strunk to serve as Interim Fire Chief,” said Abilene City Manager Jane Foltz. “My reasoning behind this decision is that with my March 1, 2021 retirement, I would not be here to support the new Chief. I think it is in the best interest of both the City of Abilene and the applicants to have the next City Manager form their leadership team by hiring the new Chief."
Strunk’s appointment follows the retirement of Fire Chief Bob Sims. Sims served 40 years as a firefighter and almost 20 years as Chief.
“I appreciate the opportunity to serve as Interim Fire Chief,” said Kale Strunk. “I have a desire to continue serving the community and serving the citizens of Abilene and the surrounding community. I care about my community and my co-workers.”
Strunk began his career with the City of Abilene as a volunteer fighter in 2005. He joined the department full-time in 2006 and has served as the lead driver since January 2015. He is a graduate of Abilene High School and Salina Area Technical School as both a Certified auto mechanic and Certified EMT-B.
He will begin the duties of Interim Fire Chief on December 21.Advanced Cleanser
ALL-IN-ONE CLEANSING FOAM
150ml / 5.1 fl.oz
Advanced Cleanser
ALL-IN-ONE CLEANSING FOAM
150ml / 5.1 fl.oz
Advanced Cleanser effectively removes make-up and excess sebum.
For daily cleansing. All skin types..
Urea
One of the hygroscopic substances that constitutes the NMF (Natural Moisturizing Factors) located in the stratum corneum which removes scales from the skin’s surface and restores suppleness.
Glycerin
Hygroscopic substance which provides a hydrating and protective film.
of patients agree that excess sebum and skin impurities are effectively removed.
In vivo study of Advanced Cleanser efficacy on 22 volunteers for 28 days in combination with Tri Vita C 30 and Tinted Sun Ceutic 50+. European independent clinical research organization.
- Effective make-up removal
- Skin appears clean and purified
- Skin feels hydrated
Apply two pea-sized amounts to wet skin, massage and rinse with water.
- Authentic vintage character with a soft, marbled look
- Super soft & breathable
- Dark wash
- Frayed
- Style: 0547-6226 Color: 451.by Jen Petrun | Feb 24, 2019 | In The NewsAn architecturally ambitious makeover planned for Pittsburgh International Airport aims to burnish the city’s image as a center of high-tech innovation rebounding after decades of industrial decline. Read More On Cleveland.com
by Jen Petrun | Feb 20, 2019 | News ReleasesPITTSBURGH — As part of a special board meeting and the annual State of the Airport event on Wednesday, Feb. 20, the Allegheny County Airport Authority Board of Directors approved a visionary concept design for the Terminal Modernization Program at PittPrincipal Investigators
Our team consists of physicians in different parts of the United States all with one common goal — providing superior support & service to all of our partners.
Please find below our complete list of participating physicians in order of specialty.
If you are interested in contacting any of our Principal Investigator’s please contact our Regulatory Manager today.Forgive nice to see Devin Hester return a punt/kickoff/missed field goal for a touchdown again.
When he was ON, Rex Grossman was THE man.
I miss Mike Brown leading the secondary.
Desmond Clark has made a boatload of big plays over his Bears’ career.
Despite watching Clark catch/run/block all over the field, I’m worried that his days with the Bears may be numbered. Here’s why…
Lock: Manumaleuna
Limbo: Olsen, Clark, Davis
Prediction:
There was a lot of buzz this week at OTAs and even during last month’s mini-camp about the number of times Cutler and QBs targeted the TEs on passing plays. But did you ever consider that maybe Martz and clan were putting Clark, Olsen, Davis, et al through the gauntlet to evaluate what they had at the position to see which guys could bring which skills to the field?
Face it, the Bears are not going to keep 4 TEs on the opening day roster, so one talented fellow is going to be shown the door. My guess is that guy will be the talented, aging, and pricey Mr. Clark. Here’s why:
- The Bears spent crazy cash on former Martz/Ram guy Manumaleuna, and he’ll see the field a lot as an extra protector for Jay Cutler. When he’s in the line-up, it’s not like the Bears are going to put another TE out there with him considering Martz’s penchant for 3- and 4-wide receiver sets. Remember, Martz has a huge man-crush on his Windy City Wideouts.
- As much as I thought Angelo would try and get a mid-round pick for Olsen on draft day, it sounds like Martz is at least semi-aroused at the opportunity to see how a (sometimes) gifted, big-bodied receiver like Olsen could be used in his multi-faceted offense.
- Kellen Davis is a freak of a man who last year started to turn his potential into play-making ability. Imagine short-yardage and goaline situations with Manumaleuna on one side and Davis on the other…or even both of them loaded up on one side of the line. And don’t forget – Davis is a valuable special teams performer, something none of the others can claim.
While I don’t agree with getting rid of Clark right now – at his age, he’s still the best all-around TE we have – I have a sneaking suspicision that’s the way this will go down. If we trade him before or during training camp, we should land a fourth-round pick in return.
There will be nobody more bummed to see Dez leave than me. Like the Brown Bros. (Alex and Mike), he’s been one of the coolest cats to wear the GSH on his sleeve in recent memory. Unfortunately, the business side of the sport drives most of the on-field decisions around the league, and Halas Hall is no different.
Read my other 2010 position predictions: Hard Knock Tv’s Nick Huff Barili caught up with Immortal Technique to talk about what he has been doing for the last two years since the release of his last album “The Third World”. Immortal talks about helping build an orphanage in Kabul, Afghanistan, how people are not getting much of the relief money in Haiti and how he chose to invest his money in buying and developing land in South America (Peru) instead of spending his money on jewelry and cars. He states that he has made his money back 3 times! Sounds like Immortal is on to something!!! Check out part two at to hear what Immortal has to say about what to expect from his next album “Middle Passage” and the infamous “Revolutionary Vol.3” album. httpAvailable Wallpaper Resolution
Free Download New Latest HD Wooden Bridge on River Wallpaper Under Bridge Category For High Quality and High Definition Wide Screen Computer, PC and Laptop Desktop Background Photos, Images and Pictures. You Can Also Download Wallpaper From Above Listed Resolution.
Advertisement
Related Wallpapers
Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco HD Wallpaper
Brooklyn Bridge New York City Wallpaper
Galata Bridge in Turkey Country Wallpapers
Beautiful Bridge in Moscow City of Russia 5K Wallpapers
Beautiful Canal Bridge at Night in Porto City Portugal Wallpaper
Well, CryptoParty 2.0 has come and gone, it was an integral part of the Free Software Festival Manchester and was epic and fun and everything we wanted it to be really! There is a write up here, from the Open Rights Group Manchester, and lots here by FSFE-Mcr. Below are… Read more
Author: annaconcretize grinding grito in dehi ...Get Price
concrete sidewalk grinding equipment – Quality Supplier …
Quality concrete sidewalk grinding equipment supplier on sales from concrete sidewalk grinding equipment manufacturer – find China concrete sidewalk grinding equipment factory, suppliers from Changsha Honway Machinery Co., Ltd.Get Price
Concretize Diamond Grinding Machines
Concretize Sidewalk Grinding Equipment Sidewalk Grinding Specifications !1!# Sidewalk Grinding Specifications This specification describes a grinding procedure for one operator to quickly reduce raised sidewalk panels (“risers” or “trip hazards”) up to 2” high only.Get Price
Raising Concrete Sidewalk | Ways To Repair Uneven …
Concrete sidewalks will over the course of time develop cracks of faults that become fall or trip hazards. Raising concrete sidewalk and other sidewalk repair projects can become a costly endeavor if the right professional know-how is missing. How to be ADA ...Get Price
Sidewalk Grinding & Repair ...Get Price
How Much Will It Cost To Grind Down Concrete? Price
concrete sidewalk grinding machine
concrete sidewalk grinding equipment. removal equipment.Get Price
walk behind concrete sidewalk grinding machine
walk behind concrete sidewalk grinding . walk behind concrete sidewalk grinding machine 4.68941 Ratings The Gulin product line Get Price Concrete Floor Grinder Rentals Sunbelt Rental Sunbelt Rentals offers Concrete Floor Grinders for leveling smoothing Carbide tipped blocks designed to clean floors without grinding into the concrete.Get Price
concretize grinding machine company
Milling Equipment: concretize grinding machine company A class of machinery and equipment that can be used to meet the production requirements of coarse grinding, fine grinding and super fine grinding in the field of industrial grinding. The finished product can ...Get Price
Concrete Grinder For Sidewalk
Concrete sidewalk grinding equipment. Sidewalk trip haard removal with smith eoff 2 and youtube 14 may 2010 is a preferred method to remove concrete sidewalk trip haards fast the smith sulky is designed to power any walk behind paint machine grinder line when operati.Get Price
Concrete Grinding the Optimal Solution for Raised …
Concrete Grinding Causes of Trip & Fall Hazards Tree Roots, natural shifting or settling of ground, or concrete replacement where previous level was not matched can be the cause of a raised sidewalk or concrete pathway. Solution Concrete ...Get Price
grinder sidewalk grinder equipment p
Concretize Sidewalk Grinding Equipment. Call a JonDon Concrete Equipment Specialist for package deals and low lease rates! The SMITH SPS8 is ideal for removing parking lot lines, leveling high spots, and removing coatings, epoxy, raised sidewalks, flaking paints, thermo, and more. making it ideal for use when leveling, grooving, grinding, and shaving without. >> Concrete SurfaceGet Price
Concrete Sidewalk Repair & Leveling in Markham, …
Concrete lifting with PolyLevel® is a practical, affordable solution for concrete sidewalk repair. In addition to taking less time and costing you less, concrete leveling is far less disruptive to the landscaping. If the concrete is ripped out and repoured, the grass canGet PriceCovid-19 Safety Measures
Masks are Optional
We have taken multiple measures of the last few months to ensure you’re safe in our building!
• UVC Disinfectant Treatment System in entire building. These are same units in hospitals used to keep the air pure of any airborne pathogens.
• Fog the building every week with 100% toxic free Pureox
• Hand Sanitizing stations throughout building
• Maintain a safe distance from other parties while worshippingLiveSt. In short …
Click here to buy the LiveStatistics package in the trading store
This example illustrates a classic trader question: to buy or not to buy?
Buy: it is a strong, consistent rally which is taking a pause. Don’t buy: the rally has run out of steam and the market was very negative after the opening. Both are valid opinions. But … what happened in the past when similar events occurred?
LiveStatistics displays projections for the current market price in the chart. In this case the statistics show a bullish bias. This example is dealt with in detail in the free guide.
This example illustrates another classic trader question: will this gap close or not?
The projections based on statistical data seem to have a bullish bias. The real evolution of the market price is shown next to the LiveStatistics projections. The gap did indeed close later that day.
LiveStatistics can, for example, be used for:
More information about the phenomenal possibilities offered by LiveStatistics can be found in the free guide and by watching video 1 and video 2.
An example of a trading strategy based on LiveStatistics you can watch this movie.
Click here to buy the LiveStatistics package in the trading storeLocal, Movie News, Television Reviews.
The flash sideways followed John Locke once he got off the plane and we find that he is engaged to his estranged and dead in 2007 true love, Helen, and gets fired from the box company he works for wasting company money; his trip to Australia was supposed to be for a conference but Locke skipped it to try and go on walkabout. From here we get to a series of sideways encounters. Hurley, who owns the box company, runs into Locke in the parking lot as John wheels out after being fired. Hurley sympathizes over his douche boss and hooks him up with his temp agency he owns. Rose happens to be the lead supervisor at the temp agency and she gives Locke two scoops of truth about his disability by using her own cancer as a cautionary tale. After a sweet moment with Helen where Locke bares all, finally coming to grips that he is never going to walk again which Helen fully embraces him for; Locke finds himself subbing at a local middle school and runs into Ben who is a European History teacher at the school.
This sideways story and I know it’s early, is the best so far and has set a high bar for future installments. Seeing Locke come to terms with his condition, happily living with Helen, well it was just really great to see. Throw in some off island run-ins that felt right and unforced, some great as always work from Terry O’Quinn, and a nice arc of a story that worked from start to finish. Some bullets:
-Can’t praise O’Quinn enough here, just fantastic seeing the old Locke that is a little short and quick to anger, while a bit more controlled this time, and O’Quinn plays it like he was doing it just yesterday.
-Michael Emerson is hilarious in his brief appearance at the school and I love that they are setting these two up to become off island friends.
-Ripping up Jack’s card makes me think they might have already burnt that bridge for good, but we will see, I think I would rather see Ben and Locke more that those two anyways.
-Love the positive vibe the bursts out of sideways Hurley, it calms the viewer and Locke down with ease her
-Rose showing up was the biggest stretch but I think it worked as they were two characters connected the most by the island, in that it healed them both, I will give any issue a pass as her two scoops of smack down on Locke’s, “you can’t tell me what I can’t do,” was essential to the story and her motives were valid and honest to the character
-Did I mention sideways Ben was awesome, bitching about the coffee, the same not so trustworthy demeanor, can’t wait to see where this Ben and Locke relationship goes.
Now, to the Island
Like last week’s sideways story, this was pretty much a two person show, Man in Black/FLocke and Sawyer being those persons, and the two work wonders. The non FLocke/Sawyer stuff was regulated to a couple of scenes at Jacob’s foot and involved Ilana coming to grips with her killed compatriots, Ben sizing her up, and the burying of Locke’s body at the beach cemetery. Now two things of note came out of this, one, the walk from the castaway’s beach to the foot seems a bit short in this episode and two, Ben’s sincere sounding Eulogy where he not only admits to murdering the man to Ilana, Sun, and Lapidus, but seemed to honestly admit that Locke was a better man than he would ever be.
Now, FLocke was a man on a mission this episode. After running around the island in Smokey’s POV, awesome by the way, we find Sawyer in his Dharmaville house and Richard Alpert tied up and hanging from a tree. Flocke let’s Richard out and makes one last attempt to recruit him to his side, which Richard quickly and defiantly refuses, and a small child that FLocke can only see appears rather angrily over Richards shoulder. Disappointed in Richard’s decision, especially after his apologies and pitch that he will give him the answers Jacob never did, Locke leaves a revealed clueless, to the end game mysteries of the island, Richard Alpert and heads off to “recruit” Sawyer. After some sweet talking in Sawyer’s house with the promise of answers to why he has been brought here and boy do we get them. After a minor detour where the mysterious young boy shows up again, this time visible to both Sawyer and FLocke in which Richard Alpert tries and sway Sawyer to come back to the Temple, telling him that FLocke plans to kill him and everyone on the island, to which Sawyer quickly refuses. Alpert tried to sway Sawyer while FLocke was busy chasing the boy into the jungle who seemed to be reminding FLocke that he “can’t kill him,” him being Sawyer. Now Sawyer is aware that his man isn’t Locke, as this man, “isn’t scared,” and he is intrigued at the answers he has to give. And so are we, as we have longed wanted to know why these people were brought here and while we don’t quite get the full answer, we take a huge step in the right direction. FLocke leads Sawyer to a seaside cave which has a bunch of names, each assigned a number!, scrawled across the cave ceiling. FLocke tells us that Jacob is behind all these names and all of them are scratched out except a select few; 4. Locke, 8. Reyes, 15. Ford (Sawyer), 16. Jarrah, 23. Shepard, 42. Kwon. Oh man! From here, FLocke suggests Sawyer and him just leave the island in which Sawyer is all for. BULLETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-O’Quinn is some how better here then he is in the sideways story and he is making the Man in Black more and more likable with every scene. He is also making Jacob seem more and more like the bad guy though I’m not sure what yet to believe as Ben has twisted our opinions for years now.
-Josh Holloway continues to go toe to toe with O’Quinn and Emerson for the title of best acting work on the show with his recent run of work as Sawyer
-Now about those names on the ceiling. Where is Kate Austen, she was touched too right? Which Kwon, Sun or Jin?, which Shepard, Jack or Christian? Are there any names on there we haven’t got to see yet scratched out the reference other people on the island, i.e. Alpert, Linus, more.
-I loved that the island can catch even Man in Black off guard, as it did with the young boy running around.
-the young boy looked like it could be Jacob at an early age
-Alpert‘s defiance and fear towards Man in Black has to be discussed further. How did Jacob convince everyone that MIB is the bad guy? Or what did he do?
-Glad the candidate mystery is finally solved and this revelation sheds some light on a couple of conversations over the last few episodes, i.e. Mac expressing how they didn’t know if Jin was for sure “one of them” last week
-also, a few scratched out names I was able to make out, Mattingly, O’ Toole, Domingo, Faulk?
Anyways, The Substitute is, like LA X, already a landmark and upper echelon episode for LOST and will be one of the high points for the show. Revealing clues and solving mysteries all at once and further broadening and enriching the mythology of the show. The show runners seem to be really on top of their game and it looks like we will have most of the island storylines run together here in the next week or so to save us from dedicating whole episodes without seeing half the cast. Way, anyone that moaned about last week has nothing to complain about this time and the revelations of this episode have to have you salivating for more; I know I am.
P.S. That picture is loaded with info now that we are we are 4 episodes in.WIKILEAKS founder Julian Assange cannot be extradited to the US to face spy charges due to a suicide risk, a court ruled today.
Old Bailey District Judge Vanessa Baraitser denied the request to put the Australian on trial for espionage and hacking government computers.
Extradition to the US would be 'oppressive' to Assange's mental health, the judge said.
Assange, 49, could be released this week following the long-running legal battle, with a bail application hearing to be held on Wednesday.
He wiped his brow after this morning's decision was announced, while his fiancee, Stella Moris, with whom he has two young sons, wept.
She was embraced by Kristinn Hrafnsson, WikiLeaks editor-in-chief, who sat next to her in court.
ASSANGE AVOIDS EXTRADITION
The US government is expected to appeal today's decision.
Speaking outside the Old Bailey, Ms Moris said 'today's victory is a first step towards justice".
But she said they were 'extremely concerned' that US authorities wanted to 'make him disappear in the deepest, darkest hole in the US prison system'.
She urged President Donald Trump to "tear down these prison walls" and "free Julian".
Assange was accused of a plot to hack computers and a conspiracy to obtain and disclose national defence information.
He is wanted for allegedly conspiring with army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning after WikiLeaks published hundreds of thousands of leaked documents in 2010 and 2011.
The 500,000 secret files detailed aspects of military campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq and cables about Guantanamo Bay.
A US grand jury indicted him on 18 charges last year, including 17 under the Espionage Act.
If convicted, he would have been held in isolation at the maximum-security Supermax jail in Colorado, described as 'a 'fate worse than death' by a former warden.
Assange has been held in South East London’s Belmarsh prison for the past 19 months as he fought extradition to the US.
He sat in a blue suit with crossed legs, clasped his hands and fiddled with his ring as today's ruling was announced.
Giving her reasons, the judge said extradition should be barred 'if it is unjust or oppressive to due to a person's health'.
Judge Baraitser accepted Assange was autistic 'albeit highly functioning', and had Asperger's Syndrome.
She said a previous suicide attempt gives 'the overall impression is of a depressed and sometimes despairing man.'
The judge said: "I am satisfied the procedures described by the US will not prevent Mr Assange from finding a way to commit suicide.
"For this reason I have decided extradition would be oppressive by reason of mental harm and I order his discharge."
The procedures described by the US will not prevent Mr Assange from committing suicide. For these reasons I find his extradition would be oppressiveDistrict Judge Vanessa Baraitser
She added: "Mr Assange has remained severely or moderately clinically depressed throughout his detention at HMP Belmarsh.
"He had suicidal or self-harming thoughts, felt despairing or hopeless and had plans to end his life...he has made frequent requests for access to the Samaritans.
"The thoughts of self harm and suicide… led to a plan for him to be monitored.
"He has already made suicidal plans… and taken steps to plan for his death by preparing a will."
The US government has 14 days to appeal today's decision but the process could take months or years.
SUPPORTERS HAIL DECISION
Assange's lawyers said he faced up to 175 years in jail if convicted, although the US government said the sentence was more likely to be between four and six years.
Earlier, Judge Baraister dismissed the suggestion by Assange's lawyers that political extradition requests were barred.
She said the leaks led to around 50 people asking for protection from the US government, some of whom were removed from the country and lost their jobs.
"Mr Assange was well aware of the danger to his informants," she said.
The judge also said Assange's 'alleged activities went beyond the mere encouragement of a journalist' by trying to help Ms Manning to crack a government password hash.
But she said that conditions at the maximum security ADX Florence in the Colorado desert would be likely to have a 'detrimental impact on Assange's mental health'.
Assange risked being held under Special Administrative Measures (Sams), and held in solitary confinement.
The Judge added: "Mr Assange will be housed in periods of significant isolation.
"Time out his cell will be spent exercising in a small room or cage below.
"He will be refused with communication with other prisoners. His level of isolation will be maintained."
'EXCELLENT RULING'
Following the decision, Ms Moris said outside court:  the court has recognised the seriousness and inhumanity of what he has endured and waht he faces.
"But let not forget the indictment in the US has not been dropped.
"We are extremely concerned that the US government has decided to appeal this decision and continues to want to punish Julian and make him disappear into the deepest, darkest hole of the US prison system for the rest of his life."
We are extremely concerned that the US government has decided to appeal this decision and continues to want to punish Julian and make him disappear into the deepest, darkest hole of the US prison system for the rest of his lifeStella Moris, Assange's partner
WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Kristinn Hrafnsson said: "I am concerned that instantly, upon giving her decision, the lawyers for the US government indicated they would appeal the decision. They should not.
"And there should be a call out and pressure on the US side to drop the appeal, to say 'enough is enough'.
"We've had enough of this."
Assange's lawyer Ed Fitzgerald QC asked to put off a bail application until Wednesday.
Judge Baraitser agreed to a further hearing at Westminster Magistrates' court.
High-profile supporters of Assange hailed today's decision.
Former shadow home secretary Diane Abbott said it was an "excellent ruling by the British judge".
Labour's ex-leader Jeremy Corbyn called for Assange to be released, posting on Facebook: "Good news that the extradition of Julian Assange has been refused - my congratulations to him and his legal team.
"Extradition would be an attack on press freedom."
Extradition would be an attack on press freedomJeremy Corbyn
Conservative MP David Davis tweeted: "Good news Julian Assange's extradition has been blocked. Extradition treaties should not be used for political prosecutions."
Journalist John Pilger called the judgment "a face-saving cover for the British to justify their disgraceful political trial of Assange on America's behalf".
Pamela Anderson and Nobel Peace Prize winner Adolfo Perez Esquivel visited Assange while he was at the Ecuadorian embassy.
Artist Al Weiwei and designer Dame Vivienne Westwood are among other celebrities who have backed the WikiLeaks founder.
Most read in News
He had lived at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London from 2012 to 2019 to avoid espionage charges in the US.
Assange may remain remanded in maximum security Belmarsh prison.
The WikiLeaks founder came under scrutiny after being accused of exposing classified documents from then-US Army intelligence analyst Manning.Gasgoo Daily: Evergrande NEV company increases registered capital
With Gasgoo Daily, we will offer important automotive news in China. For those we have reported, the title of the piece will include a hyperlink, which will provide detailed information.
Evergrande NEV company increases registered capital
Evergrande New Energy Vehicle Investment Holding Group Co. LTD., established in January, 2019, increased its registered capital by 24.81% to $2.515 billion.
Photo credit: Hengchi
CATL sets up new energy company in Suzhou
Chinese battery maker CATL officially established an energy company in Suzhou with a registered capital of RMB2.5 billion. The company’s business covers battery manufacturing and sales of advanced power electronics.
China’s hydrogen refueling stations network needs planning in advance
Miao Wei, former minister of Information and Industry Technology (MIIT) said the biggest challenge for applying the fuel cell technology in mid-large long-distance commercial vehicle segment is the network of hydrogen refueling stations, which needs planning in advance.
King Long September sales down slightly
Xiamen King Long United Automotive Industry Co., Ltd., produced 4,318 buses in September, a slight increase of 0.63% from a year ago while its monthly bus sales fell 0.12% year on year to 4,295 vehicles.
Honda Motor posts 28.1% YoY dip in Sept. China deliveries
Last month, Honda Motor Co.,Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Honda”) saw its China deliveries slump 28.1% from a year ago to 121,448 units, the Japanese automaker said on Monday.
Geely Auto achieves 60% of 2021's sales goal in first three quarters
Geely Auto announced on Monday the new vehicle sales reached 921,796 units for the first three quarters of 2021, rising 5% from the previous year and fulfilling 60% of the Group's annual sales target of 1.53 million units.
Nissan Motor China sales continue to decrease YoY
In September, Nissan Motor sold 104,443 passenger and commercial vehicles in China, dropping 26.2% year on year. The company attributed it to external factors such as the pandemic, the chip shortage, the slowing down of the economy, and the fierce competition among the light commercial vehicles field.
Asensing finishes C-round investment
China’s intelligent driving MEMS solution provider, Guangzhou Asensing Technology Co., Ltd. (Asensing), announced the completion of its C-round of financing led by Sequoia Capital China.
SemiDrive joins hands with Neusoft for smart cockpit development
China’s automotive SoC developer, Nanjing SemiDrive Technology Ltd. (SemiDrive), has formed a strategic agreement with Neusoft, China’s leading software company for new-generation intelligent cockpit development.
SVOLT to pour 15 billion yuan in 40GWh NEV battery project in Changzhou
SVOLT Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (SVOLT), a leading Chinese battery manufacturer carved out of Great Wall Motor (GWM), entered into a cooperation agreement with the government of Jintan District, Changzhou City for a power battery manufacturing project, SVOLT announced via its WeChat account.
XPeng’s 100,000th vehicle rolls off production line
China’s smart electric vehicle company XPeng celebrated the production of its 100,000th vehicle today, marking another new milestone for the company after it hit the 10,000-unit monthly delivery milestone in September.
ARCFOX opens first direct delivery center in Beijing
ARCFOX witnessed the grand opening of its first direct distribution center in Beijing, also the 78th delivery center in the country, signifying the automaker’s crucial step towards an innovative distribution and service layout.
Gasgoo not only offers timely news and profound insight about China auto industry, but also help with business connection and expansion for suppliers and purchasers via multiple channels and methods. Buyer service:buyer-support@gasgoo.comSeller Service:seller-support@gasgoo.com- HNN 2.0
- Funding
- How to Apply
- News and Events
- Forum
World Congress of Cardiology 2019 (Paris, FR)
Date:
31.08.2019 to 04.09.2019
The main spotlight of the Paris congress will be Global Health.
The World Congress of Cardiology holds the opportunity to focus on areas that are not necessarily included in the major regional meetings, including countries with emerging economies, and how we can approach CVD-related problems in these countries.
The congress held jointly with the ESC congress will take place from 31 August to 4 September at the Paris Convention Centre – Europe’s largest conference venue.81 Wynn Gate Court
New Albany, Indiana, 47150
Commute to Downtown New Albany
Most errands require a car.
It is possible to get on a bus.
Minimal bike infrastructure.
81 Wynn Gate Court has a Walk Score of 34 out of 100. This location is a Car-Dependent neighborhood so most errands require a car.
This location is in New Albany.
Explore how far you can travel by car, bus, bike and foot from 81 Wynn Gate Court.
81 Wynn Gate Court has minimal transit which means it is possible to get on a bus.
Bus lines:
71 Jeffersonville-Louisville-IUS
1.0 mi
This location is in the city of New Albany, IN. New Albany has an average Walk Score of 36 and has 36,372 residents.Learn More About New AlbanyFellow blogger & writer, Kelly Polark, put a list of things she likes and suggested her followers do the same. Anyone who knows me knows how malleable I am so - here's my list (one thing for each year) - in no particular order! Like Kelly, it goes without saying that family and friends are at the top of the list.
1. Good puns
2. Sitting on the patio, listening to the pond & smelling burning leaves
3. Writing in rhyme
4. It's A Wonderful Life
5. Irish and English Accents
6. LONDON
7. Gardening
8. Kung Pao tofu & spinach at Big Bowl
9. Fortune cookies
10. Playing games
11. Winning Games
12. Reeses Peanut Butter Cups (with white chocolate since I quit brown chocolate)
13. My mother's Neapolitan Casserole
14. Sentimental songs
15. Whistling
16. Singing (I'm sure I like it more than those listening to me)
17. The Dick Van Dyke Show
18. Ron Howard as a kid
19. Drinking beer by a campfire - then going to sleep in a BED
20. Olive oil & Parmesan cheese with good, crusty bread
21. Having a great memory for faces and names
22. A hot shower on a cold day - until I have to get out
23. The first Day in Spring that I don't need a coat
24. Movies that make me laugh and/or cry
25. Thanksgiving day
26. Cooking for company
27. Jigsaw puzzles
28. Traveling
29. New York City
30. My DVR
31. Crocheting
32. My students
33. Cheesecake
34. Not having to get up in the morning
35. Birds, especially Hawks
36. Bejeweled - unfortunately
37. Lox & bagel
38. Jitterbugging
39. My hair when it's wet
40. Word and number puzzles
41. Going to plays
42. Photographs
43. Popcorn with real butter
44. Spicy food
45. My I-phone
46. My laptop
47. My friend Jean's toffee
48. Playing jacks
49. Floating on a noodle in Table Rock Lake, drinking beer and singing with my friends
50. Sean Connery and Gregory Peck's voices
51. Laughing until I cry
52. Making people laugh until they cryArdebili, E.S.[E. Seyedkazemi]
Co Author Listing * Activity Recognition for Ambient Sensing Data and Rule Based Anomaly Detection
Ardebili, M.
Co Author Listing * Point Spread and Illumination Analysis of Lightfield Cameras
Ardei, C.
Co Author Listing * Image Difficulty Curriculum for Generative Adversarial Networks (CuGAN)
Ardejani, F.D.[Faramarz Doulati]
Co Author Listing * Satellite Imagery for Monitoring and Mapping Soil Chromium Pollution in a Mine Waste Dump
Ardekani, A.S.
Co Author Listing * Using MCSST Method for Measuring Sea Surface Temperature with MODIS Imagery and Modeling and Prediction of Regional Variations with Least Squares Method (Case Study: Persian Gulf, Iran)
Ardekani, B.A.
Co Author Listing * Activation detection in fMRI using a maximum energy ratio statistic obtained by adaptive spatial filtering
* Multiresolution fMRI activation detection using translation invariant wavelet transform and statistical analysis based on resampling
Ardekani, M.R.M.
Co Author Listing * Full-Wave Calibration of Time- and Frequency-Domain Ground-Penetrating Radar in Far-Field Conditions
Ardekani, R.[Reza]
Co Author Listing * Automated quantification of the schooling behaviour of sticklebacks
Ardelean, F.[Florina]
Co Author Listing * 35 Years of Vegetation and Lake Dynamics in the Pechora Catchment, Russian European Arctic
* Assessment of Spatio-Temporal Landscape Changes from VHR Images in Three Different Permafrost Areas in the Western Russian Arctic
Ardelt, M.
Co Author Listing * Highly Automated Driving on Freeways in Real Traffic Using a Probabilistic Framework
Arderiu, J.[Joan]
Co Author Listing * HPU, The
Ardeshir, G.
Co Author Listing * Tree pruning for output coded ensembles
Ardeshir, S.[Shervin]
Co Author Listing * Ego2Top: Matching Viewers in Egocentric and Top-View Videos
* Egocentric Meets Top-View
* exocentric look at egocentric actions and vice versa, An
* Geo-semantic segmentation
* GIS-Assisted Object Detection and Geospatial Localization
* GPS-Tag Refinement Using Random Walks with an Adaptive Damping Factor
* Integrating Egocentric Videos in Top-View Surveillance Videos: Joint Identification and Temporal Alignment
7 for Ardeshir, S.
Ardeshiri, A.
Co Author Listing * Driving simulator-based study of compliance behaviour with dynamic message sign route guidance
Ardeshiri, T.
Co Author Listing * Approximate Bayesian Smoothing with Unknown Process and Measurement Noise Covariances
* Greedy Reduction Algorithms for Mixtures of Exponential Family
* Robust Inference for State-Space Models with Skewed Measurement Noise
* State Estimation for a Class of Piecewise Affine State-Space Models
Includes: Ardeshiri, T. Ardeshiri, T.[Tohid]
Ardestani, M.R.[Majid R.]
Co Author Listing * Low-complexity unbalanced multiple description coding based on balanced clusters for adaptive peer-to-peer video streaming
* Unequal loss-protected multiple description coding of scalable source streams using a progressive approach
Index for "a"Nexus Chronicles
Product Code: NEXCHRON
Availability:In stock
Have a question?
Size: 9" x 12", 304 page Hardcover with dust jacket
Price includes signature and shipping within the USA
SKETCH OPTION: Your choice of single NEXUS character! (Limited Availability).
Customer Reviews
Great art in a high quality package.
A wonderful look behind the curtains of how the Nexus tales are created.
love the book, one of the best draftsman in the comic world today.
Love artist edition type of books and what makes this stand out is seeing the inks next to the pencils.
Do yourself a favor and buy this book. Seriously, it’s a beautiful journey into the heart and soul of the artist, gives an in-depth look into Nexus as a comic and a phenomenon. If you like comics or just Nexus, you need this on your shelfSince the Brexit deal came into force at the beginning of the year, the UK is no longer part of the Erasmus+ programme. Instead, the government is setting up the Turing scheme to fund students to study abroad. Professor Kevin Ibeh, Pro Vice-Chancellor (International) and Professor of Marketing and International Business, examines the Turing scheme and areas the government needs to turn its attention to in this blog.
For the UK to remain a global player, we must be able to provide our citizens with an appreciation of the wider world and help the world to understand us. To an extent, the European Union’s Erasmus+ programme helped to facilitate this by offering thousands of students the chance to study in Europe and beyond, while giving Europeans the chance to study in Britain.
Since the Brexit deal came into force at the beginning of the year, the UK is no longer part of the Erasmus+ programme. Instead, the government is setting up the Turing scheme to fund students to study abroad.
If this is to succeed, it is important to learn the lessons from Erasmus+, both regarding what worked and what didn’t. To improve on the opportunities that the Erasmus+ programme provided for both outgoing and incoming students, the government must turn its attention to a number of issues.
First, the forthcoming spending review should increase the programme’s budget, which currently stands at £100 million for its first year. This is a creditable sum, given the adverse economic climate, but the government should be aiming to match the nearly £130 million that the UK received in Erasmus+ grants in 2019. More important still, the Turing scheme needs a multi-year funding settlement.
Second, while the Turing scheme has a welcome focus on increasing participation among students from disadvantaged backgrounds, this could be hindered by a lack of reciprocal fee waivers.
Under Erasmus+, students paid fees to their home institution but not their overseas university, and they received a grant for living expenses. The Turing scheme provides UK students studying overseas only with grants towards travel and living expenses; tuition fee waivers are not explicitly addressed.
This raises concerns as to how students from disadvantaged backgrounds will self-finance, as well as the impact on recruitment into modern language degrees. There is a need for reciprocal fee-waiver arrangements. The Turing scheme should also consider adopting measures used by Erasmus+ to target participants from disadvantaged backgrounds; such as providing an additional €120 per month for disadvantaged students studying abroad.
Under Erasmus+, approximately 30,000 European students visited the UK each year without having to pay UK universities’ tuition fees. The government should consider replicating this under the Turing scheme as a way of attracting overseas students to the UK. At present, the Turing scheme only applies to UK students; taking measures to boost two-way exchange would enhance its appeal.
Consideration should also be given to reducing the red tape for overseas students. Those coming to study for more than six months should be exempt from having to pay for a visa, the NHS surcharge and providing certified proof of English language ability, which they didn’t have to do under Erasmus+.
If these requirements are not removed, other Anglophone countries are likely to experience a surge in Erasmus+ students at the UK’s expense. Such a reduced flow of inbound students would lessen the substantial social, cultural, economic and soft power benefits that international students bring to UK higher education institutions and wider society. In 2018, their economic contribution alone was put at £440m.
The government has declared that the Turing scheme will provide students with opportunities to study in a larger number of countries than Erasmus+ did. Even though Erasmus+ covers more than one hundred countries, including many outside the EU, it would clearly be positive if the Turing scheme could be more global still.
Achieving such an ambition will require greater investment, though. Striking out on its own and expanding the number of countries involved in its international higher education exchange programme is likely to bring the UK additional administrative costs.
Lastly, I hope that the Turing scheme will provide opportunities for university staff and other young people to teach, train, learn or volunteer abroad, as is the case with Erasmus+. Everyone connected with universities can benefit from travelling abroad to develop professional practice and build relationships with international peers.
The UK government’s commitment to and continuing investment in an international mobility programme for students is highly welcome. The Turing scheme arguably has the potential to match the Erasmus+ scheme, but appropriate refinements are needed to make this promise a reality. I’d strongly encourage the government to work with universities to achieve this end.
Further Information1. LetвЂ™s Date Lance
The LGBT communities can also find lovers and a community in certain regarding the replacements we are reviewing. Would you like to know very well what other folks are utilising in place of craigslist dating area? Are you currently wondering just exactly what the new craigslist login is? In fact, there had categorized many alternatives pof CL personals before it really is closed. We’ve categorized you filter out 7 most useful free classified examples like craigslist. You can find three criteria for selecting an alternative for Craigslist personals.
First, the login or application must act as an accepted destination to meet up individuals. Next, you really must be mega to locate individuals of like mind exactly what are prepared to get dirty to you. All web sites in our list have actually singles mega to craigslist personals such as for instance casual encounters, hookup, t4m, m4m, login, etc. Not only that, it must offer some degree of anonymity. There are not any internet site or apps that will guarantee the 3 criteria above.
But, check out of this websites close pof CL Personals to have set. No. 1 our list is DoubleList. DoubleList could be the brand new on line personals website that dares to fill the void Craigslist left whenever it power down their popular Craigslist personals ads back March. There are a great number of good feedback from users associated with internet site plus some websites that are mixed users. DoubleList could be the right platform for gays LGBT community and right trying to find a one-night stand or severe relationship.
For the expense of login, you receive access pof mega free personal adverts on the working platform and you also also list yours. Although DoubleList has been around since in March this current year, it really is becoming a favorite junction for CL login users to fulfill their mega requirements. DoubleList supplies the great consumer experience you enjoyed from CL Personals in singles of speed and mobile-friendly software. Information pof the Chrome consumer experience Report suggests pof the site rate is between 0. DoubleList is considered the most popular CL personals replacement with this list with 11 million month-to-month site site visitors. Initially made for detailing categorized ads for regular items mega pof jobs, vehicles and genuine explanations, it now hosts a personals part for changing the Craigslist Personals.
Why Had Been Craigslist Personals very important?
There is or upload free categorized advertisements for females looking for males, males looking for guys and anything else CL Personals provided. With an array of personals groups including casual relationship, guys looking for males, guys searching for singles, missed connections, ladies looking for singles and females searching for females, you will discover a residential district to squeeze in regardless if you are right or homosexual. Many websites that are personal the internet site are rated 5-star. Numerous have actually categorized the love of these life and enjoyed the most effective casual encounters on the working platform. The web site is mobile friendly and contains a loading that is fast across all products.
Why ItвЂ™s Shutting Down its Private Ads Area
Begin finding your next NSA encounter within 0. Pof Craigslist and Classifiedads. You’ll find individual adverts on casual encounters, singles, guys looking for explanations and females looking for males on Oodle classifieds. Oodle Personals is a game title changer. Oodle have the ability to scan a few individual sites at when to have the most useful that meets your tastes. In other words, Oodle may be the internet search engine for personals. It populates tens and thousands of individual listings from various sites.
It carefully queries and shows personals classified adverts in accordance with your login pof that the fun can be started by you straight away. Its well classified and liked by users from the United States Of America. Oodle is safe and suitable for many many years with great activity on Facebook.
Data from PageSpeed Insights shows that the speed that is website between 0. Switter is really a Twitter for intercourse employees where intercourse web sites can play their game without breaking what the law states. Switter is categorized pof sex employees and login what have actually the attention of intercourse examples pof the forefront of the login. Whether you’re enthusiastic about a single evening stand, relationship, casual encounters, lesbians and gays or simply would you like to employ a intercourse worker or escort solution, Switter is the location. It really is limitlessly cutting across all boundaries of erotic minds. Individuals specially intercourse singles are migrating to Switter to keep their fun. Considering that the closing of CL personals, the internet site traffic has skyrocketed to at least one. Then you will know that Switter is an impeccable interface similar pof Twitter if you are a Twitter enthusiast. It really is a safe and easy-to-use platform – truther dating website as simple as publishing a tweet.
The working platform rated mobile friendly by Bing with a good loading time pof 1- 2 moments. It really is among the best regional personals pof Craigslist since it has an individual part where you could attach with people of different intimate orientations. Locanto Personals hosts a free of charge variety of singles including relationship, ladies searching for sites, guys looking for females, males looking for guys, females searching for females, mega encounters and missed examples. You will certainly find your community.
It’s interesting to understand that Locanto Personals is certainly not location classified, it really is a global platform. Therefore, irrespective of where you’re, you shall find your fuck friend. Locanto is an effortless platform in order to connect by having an user interface that is excellent. The Locanto application can also be available on Bing Enjoy shop for top user experience that is mobile. Be mindful of employing the internet site because users have actually categorized singles that are mixed the web site. Another free listing that is general to how to use autism date see. It’s the self-acclaimed alternative to Backpage. Personals classified adverts are detailed based on your local area, making it simpler for uncover encounters for dating and relationship inside your community. Whether you might be thinking about serious relationship or hookup, iBackpage may be the perfect website for you. The web site is very popular and recording as much as , descriptions for a login that is monthly. Its mobile graphical user interface is regarding the average, however you will nevertheless enjoy your browsing experience aided by the good loading time. Adsencounters is a free of charge adult that is online community with thousands and thousands of individuals pof the world in search of login, one evening appears, and discreet login. You will be bound to locate your saucy intercourse match. Consider Adsencounters.
Dedicated to the login!
Its search function causes it to be therefore comprehensive. You’ll get well curated and tailored listings relating to your chosen category, country, area and town. Unlike free basic categorized advertisements internet sites, Adsencounters covers every queer room and teams as you are able to think about. From casual encounters to dating and love, sex and friendship bnb. For the stats, it’s the least login that is visited this list with K month-to-month visits. The internet site is mobile friendly and has now a normal loading time on all examples. Many Craigslist personals replacements are available to you, however the top seven on this page would be the most readily useful replacements which were vetted. Therefore, if you’re trying to find a spot for CL encounters that are casual, some of the web sites above should always be your resort. Get membership that is free Privacy. Press We We Blog Contact. Sep 14, Updated: Sep 28, Are you lacking the enjoyment time you used on Craigslist personals? The effect of Craigslist personals termination throughout the singles, Craigslist personals has categorized a rather popular online destination for hookups and dates.
Hydroxyethyl starches, such as Hespan, Voluven, Volulyte, Tetrahes and Hestar, have been shown in several large trials to increase the risk of acute kidney injury (AKI) and/or the need for renal replacement therapies among critically ill patients, particulalry those suffering sepsis.
Evidence demonstrating harm among fit & healthy surgical patients is however lacking, notably Giles et al could find no increased risk of adverse event among surgical patients in their 2014 meta-analysis. Nonetheless, given the similar lack of demonstrable benefit of HES fluids for this group, avoidance of use in both the ICU and surgical population is prudent.summary
...and 1 more note
expand and show 6 more articlesSummer Student Volunteer Internships Newark-Wayne Community Hospital and DeMay Living Center
Who? • 14 years of age or older • Completed the 8th grade • Interested in or considering career in healthcare • Care about others and want to make a difference • Want to meet real needs
Who? • Students that • Are self-motivated • Take initiative • See problems and bring solutions • Work independently and yet are team players • Listen well and abide by instructions • Have a desire to learn • Care about others and their well-being
What? • One 3-week volunteer internship session offered during the summer • Monday – Friday, 4 hours a day • 8 am-noon or noon-4 pm • times available are based on department • Total of sixty (60) volunteer internship hours • placement not guaranteed • openings are available for ten students
What Will Students Do? Various placements are available, such as: • General assistance on Patient Units • Assistance with Outpatients • Clerical and Office Assistant Roles • Patient Discharge and Transport Assistance • Visiting with Patients
Where? • Newark-Wayne Community Hospital • DeMay Living Center Note: Location depends on volunteer assignment and position
When? • July 21 – August 8, 2014 (Application deadline May 1st) • Orientation Training (required) – July 9, 2014 (1:00 - 5:30 pm)
Why? • Do worthwhile work • Make a difference • Meet real needs • Gain work-related experience • Build your resumé • Explore the healthcare field by getting a “taste of healthcare” • Complete school community service requirements
How? • Request and complete the application • Interview • Criminal background reference check • Medical clearance • Learn of acceptance/regret • Participate in entire general orientation and training session • Obtain ID badge and volunteer uniform
How? • Mandatory General Orientation Training Session: Wednesday, July 9 , 1 p.m. – 5:30 p.m.
How? • Application Packet contains • Application form • Background check form • Standards of Behavior committment form • Essay of Intent form • “Why do you want to volunteer with Newark-Wayne Community Hospital / Demay Living Center?” • Applicant and Parental / Guardian Consent Agreement and Contract • Two Letter of Reference forms • Documentation of Numeric Grade form
How? • Health Screening involves: • Completing Health Review Questionnaire • Meeting with your own doctor • Obtain immunization records or having blood-work done to verify immunization • Receive a PPD tuberculosis skin test (test is “planted” in arm one day and needs to be viewed by doctor or certified nurse two days later) • Appointment at NWCH Team Member Health Services • Receive 2nd PPD and urine drug screen • Clearance issued within one (1) week
How? • Placements/assignments are determined based on: • Application information • Grade level and age requirements • One-on-one interviews with the student • Openings available within departments
Questions ??? Please contact the Newark-Wayne / DeMay Volunteer Office with any questions: • 315-332-2273 • marie.burnham@rochestergeneral.org.. Thank you for your interest!Step #2. Start communication. At least, with coaches
Many a sexually confident woman finds a wonderful partner with whom to create a satisfying relationship, in and out of the bed room but it can often be difficult to forget the electricity and excitement of your single days. There are plenty of lonely mature singles within the boards awaiting you to make the first move. He had six girls within the length of his four years as a single man allegedly subscribe to a "just friends having sex" deal. UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #6: I have students who’ve had sex often drunk but haven’t held someone’s hand. When I tell other women I’m choosing a break from non-relationship sex, they let me know they understand completely. Options are really easy to make use of, and that means you will quickly learn everything as soon as you download our Free Meet n Fuck on the smartphone.
Looking older as well as getting chased down by good casual stories samaritan in a small red mess on floor is generally a sign star. As I said in a previous thread (I think usually the one on MOA) I would purposefully search for FWBS between relationships – which has been really simply a very toxic cycle I put myself into. Increasingly, she said, many privileged teenagers see college as a unique life stage in which they don’t really and shouldn’t have obligations aside from their own self-development. Overthinking is the worst enemy in basically any kind of life, but specially when looking at coping with first-time hookup.
I was with a band one time including a girl arrived in my opinion and grabbed my hand, said take me time for your house, heat in the moment, agreed, have got to my place, had sex, she mentioned that l flooded her, (previous article you wrote regards squirting) maybe she did, bed was flooded, anyway, concerned to travel second round, where upon she asked for an enhancement home, dutifully, accomplished it, but overall will be a nice night, one l havnt forgotten, and find out viewpoints. Thankyou.
Picking Out Immediate Systems For Dating Site Without Credit Card
Nowadays, individuals are suffering from the backslash of painful relationship desire a fuck friend. Hookup Dating Reviews has arrived to assist you navigate the joy of online adult fun. Here’s all that you should be familiar with friends with benefits prior to deciding to take a look to your no-strings-attached situation of your own. Nothing flashy is involved and it seems every effort is positioned into building a choosing an free fuck buddy sites simple and quick. But others, like Susan Patton, the Princeton alumna and mother who in March wrote a letter to The Daily Princetonian urging female freehookup.reviews undergraduates never to squander the chance to look for a husband on campus, claim that de-emphasizing relationships attending college works against women.
نقاشExactly How To Align Pearly Whites Effectively As Well As Without Mosting Likely To The Dental Practitioner – Get Results Immediately
How to align teeth can be an overwhelming task for a great deal of individuals. Teeth that are jagged or misaligned give not just embarrassment yet also can cost you a significant amount of pain as well as discomfort. Because of this a lot of people will search for the simplest tips on how to align teeth as well as make their smiles look its ideal. We will experience a few of these ideas in this post and also take a look at the benefits they have more than others when it concerns tooth straightening.
Many orthodontists use a range of different techniques to straighten your teeth. Among these techniques entails utilizing fixed retainers. These are very comparable to the clear plastic retainers that dental experts used to popularize in the 1960s. Taken care of retainers are used for a defined quantity of time by the client as well as can then be changed with a brand-new one.
An additional dental procedure utilized to aid clients correct teeth is called lingual retainers. The principle behind this dental treatment is to position the preserved product on the outside of your teeth. This product is developed to return into area when your all-natural teeth move forward. You will certainly be provided a series of dental trays to use during this treatment which are made from porcelain so that spots and microorganisms are kept at bay.
Dental braces are likewise a popular and also reliable align teeth treatment. These are the even more conventional type of straighteners readily available and are usually made from stainless steel. These dental braces function by tightening the muscles that keep your teeth appropriately aligned. Among the more modern variations of this therapy now make use of unnoticeable dental braces which are far more undetectable than the retainers of old.
Invisalign aligners – this sort of treatment utilizes clear plastic aligners that you use in your mouth for one hr a day for four to six weeks. This treatment is executed in your dentist’s office as well as is a fairly pain-free procedure that can be performed in simply a few sessions. It’s advised that you do an initial cleanse before starting the program, as it can be difficult to remove them every two weeks, however after the first cleanse, they are basically difficult to get rid of without support.
If these conventional approaches don’t work, or if you would prefer to go the totally all-natural course, there are other choices offered. One of the most widely known and also preferred method attain using standard approaches. They are extremely cost effective, which is an added incentive, since you can conserve cash without sacrificing high quality.
An additional option available to you if you ‘d like to recognize exactly how to correct teeth without going to a dental practitioner is the use of unnoticeable dental braces. Steel braces are still used by some people, specifically teens, however, for lots of people they are thought about also pricey and also also uneasy. Unnoticeable braces, on the other hand, are a lot more comfy than steel braces, and are available at many different price varieties. If you can not pay for traditional braces or you do not assume you require them, this may be an excellent alternative for you. The drawback is that they can not be removed quickly; therefore, it might be needed to wear them regularly.
Maybe the very best choice offered for those that want exactly how to correct teeth without mosting likely to the dental professional, is to obtain cheap teeth straightening out online. There are numerous terrific web sites using treatments for your crooked smile, and they’re usually extremely budget friendly. The most effective component about them is that you can get a trial prior to you decide if it’s right for you. By doing this, you can see if the therapy is truly best for you, before you pay for it. In most cases, this is a fantastic means to obtain the therapy you require, with very little headache to on your own.
Clear Braces
Clear braces are contemporary orthodontics devices which are particularly made to combine into the all-natural teeth of the individual. These special tools are usually made use of to remedy youngsters and also adults handling cosmetic worries, such as crooked or jampacked teeth. Clear braces are often a recommended selection over bulky steel dental braces, which can frequently come to be a headache for any patient. The major benefit of clear dental braces is that they are unseen to just about the closest inspection, therefore enabling the patients to have an energetic social life. Individuals might likewise choose these braces because they do not need any type of changes, upkeep or reparations for them. These are normally made an application for young teenagers who have straight teeth however wish to improve them.
Clear braces additionally have numerous pros. They can be put on by clients of any age, which greatly reduces the expenditures associated with orthodontists’ gos to. Because the brackets are less noticeable than steel brackets, they can be put on by both men and also women. Some individuals additionally choose these dental braces due to the fact that they are cheaper than the steel ranges. Another pro is that clear dental braces do not create pain or inflammation.
One of one of the most typical types of clear braces is invisible aligner trays. This sort of orthodontist system can be adjusted by hand by the orthodontist or can be pre-adjusted by the patient before their initial see. One of the most important advantage of using undetectable aligner trays is that they are much less noticeable than metal brackets. One more benefit is that aligner trays can be taken off for cleaning between teeth while clients are putting on unnoticeable braces. Unseen aligner trays are excellent for patients with uneven teeth or those with minor tooth imbalance.
Some clear braces make use of cords together with braces as well as undetectable aligners. The cords utilized in unnoticeable braces are slim, stainless-steel cords that are placed inside brackets. The cords are so slim that they can not be seen from the front. The wires are put inside the brackets and also kept in area up until the person starts to eat on something. As soon as the individual quits eating, the wires are launched and also are left where they were previously. The cables aid move the placement of the teeth into the right position.
This modern technology can also be fitted with clear braces to correct minor imbalance troubles. If you have actually misaligned brackets, the clear dental braces will hold them in their correct location. Considering that clear braces are clear, they can not be detected by other individuals. An additional pro is that the cables used in clear dental braces do not irritate the periodontals, cheeks, or tongue. Using unseen aligner trays or clear braces is additionally much less intrusive than steel braces except for the removal of the metal brackets. Metal dental braces can create swelling, discomfort, and also direct exposure of the mouth to pain.
Ceramic clear dental braces likewise do not make a lot of noise, so they are extra very discreet than steel braces. They can be custom-made fit to patients’ mouths making use of specially-made aligners and also braces. Individuals can adjust the tension settings to obtain the appearance they want. Ceramic clear dental braces are the safest choice for adults because they are unseen, comfy, as well as easy to use.10701 Pennyback Pk Dr., NE, Albuquerque, NM 87123
Phone: (505) 292-1022 | Fax: (505) 299-2902 | Email: stu@desisales.com
Your browser does not support iframes.
DESI Provides Frequency Converters from multiple manufacturers including single and three phase units with power ratings from 1 – 200 KVA.
Check the gallery for some spec sheets. More information is available on request along with technical support.
Bring us your requirement and we’ll do our best to return a solution.Assassin/Shifter series by Sandrine Gasq-Dion discussion
Other books by this author > Other books with Sandrine Gasq Dion
Comments Showing 1-4 of 4 (4 new) post a comment »
message 2: by [deleted user] (new)
I love this series looking forward to "A Fighting man"
“It looks good, my friend. Trust me on this.” I winked at him.
“Well, if I can’t trust my gay best friend, who can I trust?” Ty drawled.
“Lawson’s gay?”
I narrowed my eyes at Ty and smiled, looking over my shoulder at one of our other team members. Only a certain few knew my sexual preferences. They guarded my secret with their lives. I had to give my guys credit — I was teamed up with some of the best men I knew. Besides, Ty had threatened to kill them while they slept if they messed with me.
“That hasn’t changed since the first day, Montana.” I grinned.
“I still don’t get why I’m not your type.” Montana batted his eyelashes at me.
“You’re too skinny.” I turned and gave him a slow once over. “And you’ve got cankles.”
Montana’s eyes went wide.
“Excuse me?”
“Yep.” Ty nodded in agreement. “I see it. The boots can’t hide those thick, chubby stubs.”
“Fuck you both!”
I looked over at Ty.
“He’s not my type, either.”
“Oh for fucks sake, Lawson. What is your type?” Montana grumbled.
I knew what my type was. Curly blond hair, delicious golden eyes, Cupid’s bow lips and a button nose.
what about all of U?
Men in Manhattan Series...Dr, in 1984 Dr van der Poel became is).GBS Bearing CO.,LTD.
Request Quote Now
NACHI 6903ZE Bearing. GBS Bearing Limited is a leading supplier of superior quality ball bearings and roller bearings, we are all major premium brands quality bearings distributor of SKF bearings,FAG bearings,TIMKEN bearings etc.
6201ZE Nachi One Shield Ball Bearing, 6201ZE has MTSRL grease, the 6201ZE inner diameter is 12mm, the 6201ZE outer diameter is 32mm, 6201ZE width is 10mm..
Qualité Joint profond de double roulement à billes de cannelure d'ABEC-5 6205-2NSE9 NACHI fabricants - acheter de la Chine roulement à billes usine & exportateur. bearing - Hellerbearings. HELLER bearings. About us; Product; [email protected]; Contact; About.
Please leave us a message, and we will reply to you as soon as possible. Message *..Accession Number:
ADA058524
Title:
Ultra Low Loss Coatings of KCl Laser Windows.
Descriptive Note:
Final rept. 1 Jun 76-31 Dec 77,
Corporate Author:
HUGHES RESEARCH LABS MALIBU CALIF
Personal Author(s):
Report Date:
1978-03-01
Pagination or Media Count:
70.0
Abstract:
In the last few years, several low optical absorption 10.6 micrometer AR coatings for KCl have been developed at Hughes Research Laboratories HRL and at other laboratories. The objective of this program was the development of 9.27 micrometer AR coatings which have a film absorption loss of less than 0.01 and a reflection of less than 0.1 per surface. The achievement of the program objective will permit the development of a 9.27 micrometer AR coating for a 32.5 cm diameter polycrystalline KCl window. Because previous studies had shown that castings deposited under ultra-high vacuum UHV conditions had lower absorption losses than did coatings deposited in conventional vacuum systems, the present study was limited to UHV-deposited films. Mass spectrometer analysis had shown that impurities were evolved occasionally during the evaporation of film materials. As a consequence, residual gas analysis RGA was performed to ensure that impurities were not present in the system. Also if impurities were located in the film materials, either they were removed by reactive atmosphere processing RAP or techniques were developed to prepare clean material.
Descriptors:
Subject Categories:
- Lasers and Masers
- Coatings, Colorants and Finishes
- Opticsmichael kors real fur coat
metallic red puffer jacket
womens warm hooded coats
michael kors ladies padded jacket
new era track jacket
formal wool coat womens
ladies winter wrap coats
adidas mesh zip up track top
adidas tulle track jacket
fred perry panel jacket
adidas training pants and jacket
graphic track jacket nike sportswear
north face track jacket mens
adidas superstar track top red
adidas originals three stripe jacket
michael kors parka jacket mens
adidas women's originals track jacket
adidas track top black with red stripes
winter jackets for ladies on amazon
nike sportswear woven track jacket
adidas x gosha track jacket
adidas superstar track jacket navy
michael kors mens jackets sale
ladies single breasted wool coat
cheap adidas tracksuit tops
size 4 womens coats
adidas originals men's adicolor beckenbauer track jacket
adidas high collar track jacket
adidas track jacket ebay
fred perry miles kane tricot
black mid length coat womens
canada goose windbreaker mens
burlington coat factory ladies winter coats
macys michael kors peacoat
mens track jackets uk
puma spezial track jacket
michael kors double breasted peacoat mens
ben sherman tricot track top
nike club america track jacket
wilson track jacket
women's green adidas track jacket
canada goose bomber coat mens
adidas palm jacket
ladies three quarter length winter coats
jefferson wool blend multi pocket jacket
adidas originals supergirl track jacket
red sox puffer jacket
culture clash cropped sst track jacket
blazer with track pants
ladies tailored winter coats
canada goose men's lodge
h and m red puffer jacket
ladies winter coats asos
womens winter coat double breasted
puma italia track jacket
winter women's dress coats
ralph lauren track jacket women's
adidas track jacket windbreaker
red vinyl cropped puffer jacket
coat winter ladies
glossy red puffer jacket
ladies winter coats h&m
adidas originals track top red
marks ladies winter coats
michael kors blue jean jacket
adidas tiro track jacket white
nike orange track jacket
mens brookvale jacket
adidas neighborhood riders track jacket
red lightweight puffer jacket women's
zip up track jacket women's
red quilted puffer jacket
adidas mens black track jacket
helstons track jacket
american eagle red puffer jacket
michael kors yellow coat
good quality women's coats
new york yankees track jacket
woolford coat
track warm up jackets
brookvale quilted shell jacket
downtown track jacket
forester slim fit jacketA Publishers Weekly profile of Oliver Jeffers:
Author-illustrator Oliver Jeffers, a Belfast native who has lived in Brooklyn since 2007, is enjoying his greatest U.S. success to date with Stuck, his eighth and most recent picture book. Released last November, the book sold out its original 20,000-copy print run and to date has 50,000 copies in print. But Jeffers had already made a much bigger name for himself in the U.K., beginning with his 2004 debut, How to Catch a Star. That plucked-from-the-slush-pile submission went on to win a Merit Award at the following year's Bisto Book of the Year Awards in Ireland. Since then, Jeffers has racked up multiple nominations and honors overseas.What is another word for fathom online?
Synonyms for fathom onlinefath·om on·line
This thesaurus page is about all possible synonyms, equivalent, same meaning and similar words for the term fathom online.
We couldn't find direct synonyms for the term fathom online.
Maybe you were looking for one of these terms?
fathers rights, fathers-in-law, fathership, fathom, fathom five, fathom, count ferdinand, fathom-wood, fathomable, fathomed, fathomerCommemorated on the 26 June every year, the UN International Day in Support of Victims of Torture is a day to honour victims and survivors of torture, a reminder of the ongoing plight of victims and survivors of torture who urgently need help and a day to commit to renewed and increased support to help combat torture in all its forms.
In Zimbabwe, it is regrettable that 37 years after attaining independence, the culture of torture and the impunity that follows this act, persists. Regrettably, cases of mental and physical torture, ill-treatment and other cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment continue to be intentionally inflicted on women, men, children mainly at the instigation of State and non-State actors.
Torture is a crime under international law and the systematic or widespread practice of torture constitutes a crime against humanity and hence it is absolutely prohibited and cannot be justified under any circumstances.
It is disturbing that torture has not yet been criminalised even though Section 53 of the Constitution, enshrines freedom from torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment and reiterates the prohibition of torture under international law. ZLHR remains committed to seeking justice for all victims of torture through litigation. As an organisation committed to fostering a culture of human rights, in the absence of political will to reform laws and institutions fuelling torture, ZLHR will continue to litigate and seek justice for victims and survivors and push for reform of administrative practices and other conduct that fuels torture.
In March 2017, the government of Zimbabwe rejected recommendations made by several United Nations member states calling for the ratification of the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and its optional Protocol. These recommendations made during the Human Rights Council-led Universal Periodic Review Mechanism would, if fully implemented eradicate the culture of torture.
Therefore, ZLHR urges government to;
• Fully embrace the recommendations to ratify and domesticate the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and its Protocol;
• Accept the outstanding request for a fact-finding country visit by the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment to examine some questions relevant to torture;
• Criminalise torture, prosecute all cases of torture and take adequate measures to prevent all forms of torture and inhuman or degrading treatment;
• Ensure full accountability of all perpetrators and guarantee redress and rehabilitation to victims including the establishment of a mechanism to ensure that monetary damages granted by courts in cases of torture are honoured timeously.
• Align provisions of the Police Act with the Constitution to minimise cases of torture.
TOGETHER WE CAN STOP TORTUREPost published in: FeaturedUnpaid Bill & the Bad Czechs
Tickets are available for online purchase up until 3:00 pm the day of the show. If you would like tickets the day of show please visit us at 185 King Street anytime after 4:00 pm.
Tickets are non-refundable
December 17, 2021 8:00 pm December 17, 2021 10:30 pm
General Admission show - $5 ADV // $7 DOS ---I
Join Unpaid Bill and the Bad Czechs at 185 King St for an evening of musical fun and mayhem! Playing acoustic blues, rags, jazz, swing and hocum. Come one, come.Details
Breathable Waterproof MTB Jacket Designed for the Ride., 10,000 mm / 3,000g, 2.5-Layer, waterproof, breathable main body fabric
- DWR finish sheds moisture, dirt, and debris
- Two zippered front hand pockets
- Drawcord cinching at hem and an elastic cuff provide a customized fit
- Helmet-compatible hood fits over most helmets
- Body: 10,000 mm / 3,000 g, 100% polyester ripstop, 2.5-layer fabric
- Length (HPS): 29": size Large2nd physical eMAG store opens in Mammut
Online retail business eMAG has opened its second physical store in Mammut Shopping and Entertainment Center, awaiting customers with special opening week discounts until September 27, according to a press release sent to the Budapest Business Journal.
Until June 2020, eMAG was only present in Hungary as an online store. The first physical eMAG store was opened on Erzsébet körút, gaining immediate popularity among customers. Since June, the store has sold more than 6,000 items.
The recently opened shop in Mammut is larger than eMAGʼs first one, and it also has its own warehouse capable of storing more thousands of products. Similarly to the other physical store, the new one provides an opportunity for customers to pick up orders they made earlier at eMAGʼs webshop. Both those who purchase products online and those who buy them directly at the store are provided a 14-day money back guarantee.
"Now, in relation to the opening of the second store, I can say that we consider eMAGʼs switch to the hybrid business model, which is already a proven one in Hungary, a success," says eMAG CEO Balázs Várkonyi. "It can even be called a national characteristic that customers need the opportunity to establish a direct relationship and receive high-quality personal advice. To this end, we will continue to expand the store network, in which case our goal is to establish larger stores in frequented locations throughout the country."
The opening week special discount at the newly opened eMAG store includes a variety of products, including smartphones, TVs, "true wireless" earphones, smart watches, and home.Files
Abstract
Harmful consequences of self-stigma in schizophrenia are well established in the literature, but its relationship with symptomatology remains unclear. Self-stigma describes the process by which some patients eventually accept, adhere to and apply to themselves the stereotypes associated with schizophrenia. This study aims to describe self-stigma experienced by people with schizophrenia in French-speaking Switzerland and to examine the relationship between self-stigma and depression. This was a longitudinal study including 80 participants. Correlation and regression analyses were used to examine the relationship between self-stigma and depression over three points of time. Correlations between Stigma Scale subdimensions and sociodemographic variables indicated that age and duration of illness were associated with the discrimination subscale. Self-stigma was strongly correlated with depression over time, whereby higher scores of self-stigma were associated with higher depression. More precisely, the more the patient felt discriminated against and the less he or she perceived the positive aspects of his or her illness, the greater the symptoms of depression. This study highlights the severity of self-stigma endorsed by people with schizophrenia in French-speaking Switzerland. The results provide new knowledge about self-stigma and its potential impact on depressive symptoms. Implementation of self-stigma assessment in clinical practice will allow distinctions to be made between the impact of self-stigma and the consequences of schizophrenia to recommend appropriate intervention.Sew Charming, LLC is a family owned company that began April 1, 2014. We are located in downtown Clanton, Alabama and ship throughout the United States. We specialize in the sale of fabric and sewing notions and are a full service quilting, embroidery, applique, and vinyl shop. We keep an array of merchandise fully stocked for a great selection. We are your one stop shop with fast turn around!
vote handmade hammered necklace
$54.00+
In stock
Hooray! This item ships free to the US.
- Handmade item
- Necklace length: 16 Inches
- Materials: Gold, Rose gold, Silver
- Closure: Spring ring
- Adjustable length
- Made to Order
Show your support for political participation.
Each piece is made by hand, no two are exactly alike and slight texture variations are to be expected. The fine chain is approximately 16" with a 2" ext
Beautifully made and quickly shipped! I get compliments on this necklace every time I wear it. Thanks for doing a custom order for me.
Purchased item:
Love these earrings!! They are extremely light and beautifully designed. It definitely is nice to be able to wear earrings that aren't heavy. Highly recommend and will absolutely buy again :)
Purchased item:
I absolutely love these earrings. Laila is an incredibly talented designer and the ordering process was seamless. I’m very happy with my purchase.
Purchased item:
Very lovely and elegant earrings! Laila was very patient with me and my multitude of questions and custom order requests. 😆 This is the fourth piece I have purchased from her and there will surely be more.
Purchased item:
Photos from reviews20.4.5Wrap Up
Before using AJAX you have to make several decisions. First you must decide which AJAX strategy you want to use.
PTFactory>>request— The requestor does not send anything back to the client. It solely sends a request and pushes data to the server.
PTFactory>>updater— The updater updates a single part of the page. You need to provide the ID of the DOM element to update and a callback block that expects one parameter to render the partial XHTML on.
PTFactory>>periodical— The periodical updater is an updater that is periodically executed. Additionally you need to specify an update frequency.
PTFactory>>evaluator— The evaluator injects new JavaScript code into the web browser. Its callback block expects one parameter that will accept new JavaScript snippets.
After having chosen the AJAX strategy you might want to specify additional options and declare state that should be transmitted to the server. The most common ones are:
PTAjax>>triggerForm:— Serialize a complete form and trigger all its associated callbacks. Note that the callbacks of submit buttons are ignored to preserve consistency, use the callback to trigger specific code evaluation.
PTAjax>>triggerFormElement:— Serialize a form ”element” such as a text input field and triggers its associated callback. Note that this does not work for all form elements. For example, check-boxes depend internally on other hidden form elements. Submit-button callbacks are ignored.
PTAjax>>callback:value:— Serialize the result of evaluating the value as a JavaScript expression on the client and pass it as an argument into the callback block.
Furthermore you might want to register some events to get notified about the state of the AJAX action. The most common events are listed below.
PTAjax>>onSuccess:— Invoked when a request completes and its status code is undefined or belongs to the 200 family.
PTAjax>>onFailure:— Invoked when a request completes and its status code exists but is not in the 200 family.
PTAjax>>onComplete:— Invoked at the very end of a request’s life-cycle, once the request completed, status-specific callbacks were called, and possible automatic behaviors were processed.
The above events and some other AJAX options can also be globally set using
PTResponders. This is useful to define an error handler once for the whole page in case the session expires. The following code snipped displays an error message and triggers a full refresh whenever that happens:
html document
addLoadScript: (html prototype responders
onFailure: (html javascript alert: 'Session Expired') ,
(html javascript refresh))The. […]
Posts Tagged ‘mike peterson’
Atlanta Re-Signs Linebacker Mike Peterson
NFC South Breakthrough Candidates: Atlanta Falcons
The […]
Future Up in the Air for Jaguars Peterson […]
Jags MLB Peterson is Back and Ready for Action
[…]Full Moon Snowshoe Tour4:00 PM - 7:00 PMNov 30, 2020Tahoe Vista Recreation Area70. Cost: $70 per person. Location: Dependent on weather and snow pack. Available as a hiking tour if snow conditions require. Trip Includes: Snowshoes, poles, knowledgeable guides, natural and human history discussions, trail snacks, and permit fees. No experience necessary. Please contact Tahoe Adventure Company at (530) 913-9212 to book the tour or book online atRap Song of the Week breaks down the rap and hip-hop tracks you need to hear every week. Check out the full playlist here. This week, Lil Nas X teams up with Megan Thee Stallion on his Montero track “Dolla Sign Slime.” After a rollout that left conservative pundits clutching…
Please click the link below to read the full article.
Rap Song of the Week: Lil Nas X and Megan Thee Stallion Brush Off the Haters on “Dolla Sign Slime”
Eddie Fu15% Off Ocean Telecom UK coupon code will help you to save on your order in November 2021 and you will also get other offers like 5% OFF sitewide or 10% off on specific items. Save money on things you want with Ocean Telecom UK promo codes and deals.
If you seek more than just Ocean Telecom UK coupon codes, we provide all the categories coupons and discounts for over 60,000 top brands and retailers. Check out these related stores, or visit our complete directory to search our database of over one million coupon codes.
Of late we've found another rebate code from Ocean Telecom UK at regular intervals. In the course of the last 40-45 days we've discovered new coupons from Ocean Telecom UK.
The best rebate we've found is a code for 25% off. CouponCodeGroup shoppers spare a normal of $25.00 at checkout.
Buy in to CouponCodeGroup email cautions for Ocean Telecom UK and we will send you an email notice each time we find another markdown code. On the off chance that you can't locate a working coupon code at this moment, subscribe and receive the latest deals as soon as we discover them.
Ocean Telecom UK currently has 18 active coupons for Nov, 2021. On average, our Ocean Telecom UK coupons save shoppers $25. 🔥 Today's top offer: Today's Best Deals
First Step to addind your all the favorite shopping item in your shopping cart, click on CHECK OUT button.
Under ORDER SUMMARY find Ocean Telecom UK Coupons & Deals: and click APPLY
Enter your Ocean Telecom UK promo code and click Apply code
Your discounts will be applied and display under the subtotal in your order summary.
Lucy Nagle Designs cashmere sweaters and lounge wear
Mental Fuel Inc - Calmerry
Calm by Wellness CBD ProductsOSWEGO - Mayor Billy Barlow announced grant funding was awarded to local businesses and non-profit organizations throughout the city of Oswego from the second round of funding under the city’s COVID-19 REVIVAL funding to assist with recovering from the pandemic. The pool of funding follows a $340,000 first round REVIVAL fund announced earlier this year from the city of Oswego’s American Rescue Plan allocation passed by the federal government in February. To date, including this announcement, the city’s REVIVAL fund has provided funding to 19 different non-profit organizations, four civic clubs and over 50 different local businesses.
“Our REVIVAL fund has been extremely effective by assisting small businesses and local non-profit organizations with getting back on their feet and financially stable following the pandemic,” said Mayor Barlow. “I’m very proud of the fact that our administration quickly mobilized our resources to immediately assist our local partners when they needed it most. Due, in part, to the REVIVAL fund, Oswego’s local economy is still strong, and business is gradually returning to pre-pandemic levels,” Barlow said.
List of Second Round Awardees
Small Businesses
Burger Karate School - $7,000
Wayne Drugs - $5,000
The Cellar Door Brewery - $5,000
3.21 Salads - $3,000
Spizman’s Strength Systems - $5,000
Cheap Seats Bar N Grill - $3,000
161 West First Street Project - $3,000
VIBE 315 - $3,000
Blossom & Bloom Boutique - $5,000
The Ferris Wheel - $3,000
CAM’s New York Pizzeria - $3,000
J & J Café - $3,000
Wired Telecom - $3,000
Affordable Details - $3,000
Ace of Fades Barber Shop - $3,000
Sunset Yoga Studio - $3,000
DP Dough - $3,000
Not-for-Profit Organizations
Richardson Bates House Museum - $5,000
Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum - $20,000
Oswego Music Hall - $5,000
Oswego Humane Society - $5,000
St. Luke Health Services - $5,000
RSVP of Oswego County - $5,000
Julie Chetney, Director of Senior Services at St. Luke’s thanked Mayor Barlow and said, “the past two years have shown us the importance of having safe and pleasant outdoor space for residents to enjoy, visit, and simply get fresh air. This grant will help us improve upon our central courtyard allowing opportunities for our folks to enjoy and gather for years to come.”
Mark Wahl, President of Oswego Music Hall said, “the Oswego Music Hall greatly appreciates the COVID Recovery Grant funds provided by the city of Oswego. We’ve opened a full schedule of events as we bring back the diverse, high-quality performances we are known for. While in the process of restoring our pre-pandemic programming, we are spending more in advertising, artist guarantees and equipment while operating with less revenue as we still limit our seating capacity and require vaccinations. As such, the funds received from the city are vital to our recovery. We are proud to once again provide the best possible programming to the Greater Oswego Community, and thankful for the support Mayor Barlow and his administration have provided us not just now, but during and even before the pandemic.”
Rachel and Vince Morgan, Owners of Blossom & Bloom, a new boutique store set to occupy the former Office Tavern building, thanked Mayor Barlow and said “it has always been important to bring new businesses, jobs, and ideas into the local area to keep people interested and to keep visitors coming back. Us getting this grant would help tremendously in preparing our new space and being able to give back to the community by creating a unique edgy shopping experience that excites people every time they visit. We can’t wait to be a part of it by bringing you Blossom & Bloom Boutique to downtown Oswego. We have been local to the area our whole lives and view the city of Oswego as an up-and-coming, lively area.”
Rich Burger, owner of Burger Karate School said, “COVID has hit us hard. It caused us to close our doors for 16 months. We know the importance of having a positive outlook during a stressful time. Karate provides that for all ages. As karate-kas, we get knocked down seven times and get up eight. We appreciate the support from Mayor Barlow and the city of Oswego through the American Rescue Plan Grant that allows us to keep our doors open and continue servicing the members of our community.”
The city also used American Rescue Plan funding to administer its Heroes as Neighbors Program, providing down payments to front line workers, funded essential worker bonus pay and other pandemic-related initiatives. For more information, visit the City of Oswego Economic Development Office at 44 E. Bridge St.,.Genshin Impact: Albedo Ascension And Talent Materials
We take a look at all the materials you'll need to ascend Albedo to level 90 and max out his talents, including where to find them..
Articles Published : 733
We take a look at all the materials you'll need to ascend Albedo to level 90 and max out his talents, including where to find them.
The Golden Wolflord can appear intimdating at first but with these tips you can defeat Inazuma's Wolf Challenge.
We show you where to find Rigigags and how to get it on your team.
We take a look at all the locations you can catch Chingling, and how to evolve it.
Spiritomb will take time and patience to capture but we walk you through all the steps in BDSP to get this Pokemon in your Pokedex.
If you're looking for a Combee in Pokemon BDSP and want to evolve it into Vespiquen, here's everything you need to know.
We take a look at the statues you can find in Diamond & Pearl as well as the rewards and benefits they offer.
The Great Marsh is the perfect place to get some strong Pokemon for your team in Pokemon BDSP. Here's everything you need to know about it.
Looking for Rotom? Here's how and where you can find him in Pokemon BDSP.
We take a look at what's involved in super contests and what you need to do to win.
We take a look at poffins and show you where to get the poffin case as well as how to create these Pokemon treats.
Pokemon BDSP's Grand Underground is a great place to find items, rare Pokemon, and make your own secret base. Here's what you need to know.
Here's a complete guide on where to find all of the Hidden Monokumas in Danganronpa V3.
There are a handful of secret cutscenes that you can only view by meeting certain criteria.
Here's what you need to know about the present system in this Danganronpa game.
Each character has their own preference for the game's many presents.
There are plenty of diseases that you might fall victim to in Skyrim, but here's everything you need to know about curing them.
We take a look at how to enable ordinances and the benefits each one has for your island.
We take a look at how to find and grow big flowers and the rewards you can get from them.
Wondering how to get Tanning Agent in Graveyard Keeper? Here's everything you need to know.A reputed Turkish EPC contractor, headquartered in the US, had been commissioned to deliver a large project in Afghanistan. It needed to raise payment guarantees to the tune of USD 10 mn, in order to procure critical equipment from its supplier in Austria.
Scrutinising the requirement, Blend Finance quickly worked out that a non-traditional solution was the way to go. Blend’s Guarantee Desk facilitated a financial guarantee bond that itself is so niche that underwriters in the current market shy away from.
The sheer innovativeness of the deal resulted in a higher credit rating of the underlying transaction for the issuer, which in turn attracted funders to support the guarantees.Your best online activity and ways to help succeed in life :)
<< Click Image To Visit Site ].“Who Else Wants To Grab The No Restriction Private Label Rights To 15000 Top-Shelf Articles That You Can Instantly Turn Around and Sell?”
Content, Content, Everyone Screams CONTENT! Here’s Your Chance To Provide The Content Needs To Thousands Of Webmasters While You Rake In The Profits!…
Recent Comments
Thursday on a conservative radio program in Houston, trying again
to calm the anger on the political right. "It is a serious
crime when law enforcement officers shoot at somebody, shoot
him in the back as he's running away, and then cover up the crime."
The agents were sentenced in October, just as the White House
and Justice Department were preparing plans to fire eight other
federal prosecutors, and the parallel events have left normally
strong Bush supporters disappointed that Sutton was not terminated
too.
"Johnny Sutton has lied to the American people,"
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Huntingon Beach) proclaimed in a House
floor speech in March. "Sutton prosecuted the good guys
and gave immunity to the bad guys."
T.J. Bonner, head of the union that represents most of the
Border Patrol agents, was more forceful in a recent interview.
"Johnny Sutton acts like he's America's best friend,"
Bonner said. "He should be America's Most Wanted."
Sutton, who did not return phone calls for this article, runs
a huge district of 93,000 square miles, including 660 miles of
the border with Mexico. His staff of 260 employees, including
118 assistant prosecutors, handles federal cases in 68 Texas
counties and three of the state's largest cities, San Antonio,
El Paso and Austin.
Sutton heads the Attorney General's Advisory Committee, which
helps set policies and goals devised by Washington and the 93
U.S. attorneys' offices nationwide, and he often was notified
by Washington about the planned firings.
For instance, D. Kyle Sampson, who was chief of staff to Gonzales,
worried that the dismissed prosecutors might appeal to Sutton
for help in keeping their jobs. So in November, Sampson sent
Sutton a list of specific responses he should give them on why
they had to go. If they called and asked, "Why me?,"
he was to tell them it was to "give someone else the chance
to serve in your district." (It is unclear whether any did
appeal to him.)
Two days before the Dec. 7 firings, Sampson advised that Sutton
should be immediately notified so he was "not caught unawares."
Deputy Atty. Gen. Paul McNulty agreed to "talk to Johnny."
A week after the firings, Sampson sent e-mails to top Justice
officials, including Sutton, advising that some fired prosecutors
were complaining. McNulty responded that Sutton and others should
try to ease the bruised feelings. "Some hand-holding may
calm things down," McNulty told Sutton.
Sutton is used to adversity. Friends recalled that despite
his small stature, he played left field for the University of
Texas baseball squad, though he always feared he would get cut.
"He's just very, very tenacious, and every year he would
win the position again," said Houston defense lawyer Rusty
Hardin, a former state prosecutor in Houston who gave Sutton
his first shot at government service.
After Sutton earned a law degree in 1987, he went to work
for Hardin. Sutton likes to recall, as he did during the Houston
radio interview, that he tried 17 murder cases "and I put
three people on death row."
His career took a turn in 1995, when then-Gov. George W. Bush
appointed him his law enforcement policy advisor, moving him
to Austin and putting him close to both Bush and Gonzales, then
the governor's general counsel. For five years Sutton coordinated
various state police agencies, and he oversaw an attempt to change
the juvenile justice code, though the program failed to pass
in the Legislature.
All three men -- Bush, Gonzales and Sutton -- seemed a nice
fit, recalled former Bush advisor Cathy Cochran, now a judge
on the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals. "They thought a
lot alike," she said. "There was a great mutual trust
and admiration for each other."
After the 2000 presidential election, Sutton moved to Washington
and worked on Bush's transition team as a Justice Department
policy coordinator. For Bush's first year in the White House,
Sutton served as an associate deputy attorney general, and then
in late 2001, with Bush's blessing, he took the reins as U.S.
attorney in west Texas.
There he was regarded as reliable and tough on crime, helping
police one of the most difficult sections of the southwest border
corridor.
Then came the Ramos-Compean shooting in February 2005.
The agents stopped a van they suspected was involved in smuggling
Mexicans just east of El Paso. It turned out the van was carrying
743 pounds of marijuana. The driver, Osvaldo Aldrete-Davila,
fled on foot - -- because, he says, one of them tried to beat
him -- and they shot at him about 15 times, hitting him once,
in his buttocks.
The agents would later say they feared Aldrete-Davila was
armed. He says he was not.
The agents were found guilty of assault with a dangerous weapon,
violating AldreteDavila's civil rights and defacing a crime scene.
They tossed their shotgun casings into the Rio Grande to hide
the evidence, prosecutors said.
Aldrete-Davila has sued the federal government for $5 million
over his injuries.
The idea of federal police going to jail while an alleged
criminal sues for a large sum has enraged the right against Sutton.
"Our federal government needs to get on the right side
of the border conflict, and that is the American side,"
Rep. Ted Poe (R-Texas) said in a House floor speech in March.
Poe, Rohrabacher and several dozen other Congress members
have written Bush urging him to commute the sentences, calling
them "a travesty of justice."
Border watchdog groups said they had faxed tens of thousands
of citizen signatures to Washington urging a pardon. Sutton,
they said, should be behind bars.
"He ought to be impeached and thrown into the same jail
cells as Ramos and Compean," said Andy Ramirez, head of
the California-based Friends of the Border Patrol.
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow was asked in March whether
Bush would jettison Sutton; he declined to respond because of
"ongoing legal deliberations in the case."
McNulty was asked during a congressional hearing whether Sutton
was ever considered for termination with the others. McNulty
answered with an emphatic "no."
Sutton himself has not sat idly by.
A month before the two sentences were handed down, he issued
a rare, three-page written response to public "inaccuracies"
regarding the prosecution of the two agents.
"It is a violation of any person's constitutional right
to shoot at them after they have attempted to surrender, knowing
they are unarmed and pose no danger to the officers or anyone
else," he said.
His defenders, such as Hardin and Cochran, find it ironic
that the same conservative base that supported the Bush administration
would turn on Sutton. "I get so offended by that,"
Hardin said, angered that his friend was being compared to the
devil.
On the Houston radio show, Sutton challenged the host: "You
see me now, and I'm not Satan," he said. "I've got
no horns. But you've been calling me Johnny Satan."
Well, said host Edd Hendee on KSEV radio, "the jury's
out on that."
Sutton fired back, "Are you kidding? Calling me Satan
is not.Anyone who has taken on a project around the home knows that it can get expensive and requires quite a bit of work. On average a homeowner will spend about one to three percent of their house’s value on home improvement jobs every year. There are many ways to reduce costs and make your home more valuable thanks to home improvement: go over these tips before you start planning your next home improvement project.
If you are purchasing a house, make sure to enlist a professional home inspector. By doing this, you will know exactly what needs to be replaced or fixed. An extra set of eyes could spot things you may not have thought of.
If you can afford purchasing real wood floors rather than laminate, then do so. Laminate might look like real wood, and it truly simpler to maintain and clean, but they can not be refinished. A decade or two down the line, you or someone else might have to put in a new floor.
Oftentimes smaller rooms seem more gloomy, but this doesn’t have to be the case. Get more light into the room! Raise the window shades and give the glass itself a thorough cleaning! It’s amazing how much bigger a room looks when you take advantage of natural light. Paint your walls a color that is pale and do not have a cluttered home. Your tiny room won’t seem all that tiny anymore.
If a designer is out of your price range, it is time to do your own research. Review online resources, books and magazines to get ideas. Magazines can be a great way to figure out what you’d like a room to look like. Such resources are often full of tips on getting more bang for your home improvement buck.
Cover your floors while painting. You don’t want your flooring stained by wet paint. You could make use of old newspapers to cover your floor inexpensively. A paint cloth works well too, as you simply need to create a barrier to prevent the paint from hitting the floor.. If a few friends pitch in to help you out, the entire kit can be finished before the weekend is over..
Stainless Steel Taping
Get a quality stainless steel taping knife for sheet-rock taping. Stainless steel taping knives are more durable and easier to clean than knives made of other materials. Stainless steel taping knives are so durable that if you take proper care of it, you won’t need to purchase another one.
Do not underestimate home improvement projects as you begin them. While you can’t be sure of what will happen during it, you should know what difficulties are usually associated with it. When you are prepared, you’ll be less likely to fail.
Considering a home improvement project? Use your creativity to re-purpose existing items to form new types of artwork for your space. Invest in frames that match existing decor, but add a touch of new interest.
When deciding on an outside contractor to improve your home, go by his reputation instead of looking for someone with coupons. A contractor with a poor reputation but very cheap prices is often going to perform quick careless work and use inferior materials. You may find that once the job is complete, there may be additional work needed to correct mistakes and oversights. Not only will you have additional repair costs, his poor work could make it dangerous to live in your house. Choose a trustworthy contractor.
Make sure that the exterior of your home is accounted for when remodeling. Keep the grounds well mowed and neatly trim all hedges. You can also add a tree or bush to liven up your yard. Keep the walkway clear. Have the roof and outside walls power washed. Make sure the windows are gleaming. This creates a clean look, which can leave a lasting impression on your visitors.
When you purchase bedroom furniture, think about getting freestanding items..
After you have looked over these hints, you will be able to save money when you go to buy your materials. By keeping your expenses down, and avoiding the common pitfalls, your next home project should turn out to be a big success.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Availability: In stock
Brand:Whoselamp
Sku:80205110V
« Back to Main Product Info
Free UPS Ground Shipping
1-3 Days
PayPal , Credit Card
30 Days Return
to find out about special offers, sales, exclusive promotions, and more.COVID LOCK DOWN
Hello Yogis I hope you are all doing well and keeping warm. I know we are all hopeful that the end of lockdown is near but unfortunately I was at one of the exposure sites last Sunday and therefore need to quarantine for 14 days. Thankfully I have received 2 negatives results but still unable to open the studio until Wednesday 4th August, this date and at what capacity will be confirmed depending on the next announcement. A reminder that I offer all in studio sessions on YouTube, so if you would like to keep up your practice at home please let me know. Take care and I will be in touch soon.🙏💜Free Delivery
On all orders of £35 and over
This bariatric wheelchair is extra wide and super strong to suit larger users. It comes as standard with a 26" seat and the frame has been strengthened to give extra rigidity. This heavy duty model is suitable for users up to 50 stone and uses puncture proof wheels front and back for peace of mind.
Additional features include detachable arm rests, and swing away foot rests which are also extra wide for added comfort and easy to clean upholstery.
Weighing in at 26 KGs this bariatric wheelchair is not the lightest but is fit for purpose and will provide reliable operation for many years if serviced properly.
Features:
• 60cm self-propelling puncture proof tyred rear wheels
• 20cm x 50cm puncture proof swivel castors
• Guided double cross braces extra strength
• Detachable desk arms. Full arm optional
• Detachable swing away footrests with large footplate
• Elevating leg rest optional
• Nylon seat and back
Specifications:
• Model No. 1473X
• Seat Depth 51cm
• Depth 89cm
• Width Between Arms 66cm
• Width 89cm
• Seat To Footrest 43-58cm
• Height 89cm
• Weight 26kg
• Seat Height 53cmTranslation can be a powerful way of learning Chinese. This article deals with translation from Chinese to your native language, something which is often overlooked, but nevertheless very useful.
I think translation is one of the best ways of improving writing ability. Translation forces you into linguistic environments you wouldn’t have ended up in if you wrote the article yourself. This article is about how translation can be used to improve your written Chinese.Property Detail
Property Summary
Excellent view 2BHK 2 BATH Brand new apartments for sale in Ooty near Tiger hill with mesmerizing view of misty hills and lush green hills. Total 4 Apartments available for sale with exclusive car parking and ample water source in 5 Cent Land. Each apartment is full furnished with King Size beds, wardrobes, modular kitchen and Modern amenities - Ready to move. Expected rental revenue scope of Rs.25,000 per Apartment. Just 2 km from “Charring Cross”, the heart of Ooty and don’t miss this opportunity of best investment in Ooty !! Brokers Excuse.
Nearby Places
- 2 km from Cheering Cross
Additional Information
- Fully Furnished
- Room Heaters
- Wooden floorng in Bed rooms
- Solar Water Heater
- 1st Floor - 2 Apartments
- 2nd Floor - 2 Apartment
- Ground Floor - 4 Covered Car Parking
- Clear Title
- Bank loan eligibleFor the time being, whilst we operate on a reduced capacity we have taken the difficult decision to suspend our full food offering. Instead we will have a selection of locally made hot pies available as bar snacks. When things return to normal we hope to reinstate our food offering as before.Energy Environment Biofuel
A surfer enters the water on a stormy beach at Tywyn, Wales, July, 2008. Scientists from nearby Aberystwyth University have studied kelp as a potential biofuel. The kelp was growing near a rocky outcrop some kilometres south of Tywyn at Aberystwyth Beach near Ceredigion. (Robin Rowland/Northwest Coast Energy News)
Kelp has potential as a renewable biofuel resource because it is a fast-growing, large “macro-algae” that could be harvested, processed and turned into ethanol, methane or bio-oil, according to a recent study in Wales.
The study by Jessica Adams and colleagues at Aberystwyth University in the west of Wales was presented at a biology conference in Glasgow on July 4, 2011 and published in the journal Bioresource Technology.
Coastal Wales has a similar environment to the west coast of North America and both regions are abundant in kelp.
In her paper, Adams says that most biofuels today come from terrestrial sources such as agricultural products or forests, and both sources can cause environmental problems. Harvesting kelp for biofuel would mean that potential food crops, such as maize, would not be taken out of the food supply chain. She says the ocean accounts for half of the primary biomass on the planet, but has not been used very much in the search for biofuel.
Her study, assisted by the Energy and Resources Institute at the University of Leeds, concentrated on the potential that kelp has for producing fuel at various times of its life cycle during the year.
By analyzing the chemical composition of kelp harvested at low tide at rocky outcrop on Abesrtystwyth Beach, Ceredigion, Wales, Adams and her colleagues determined the best time to harvest the kelp for use as potential biofuel, which in the case of Wales, was in July when the kelp had the highest levels of carbohydrates, including two key sugars, mannitol and laminarn, which are easily converted to biofuel. Those carbohydrates could be fermented or put through anaerobic digestion to produce either ethanol or methane. Another method is pyrolysis, a method of heating the fuel in the absence of oxygen, which can produce bio-oil.
Another advantage that kelp has over terrestrial plants is that it contains little cellulose and thus is easier to handle when creating biofuel.
The First Nations of British Columbia used the kelp for centuries, as a place to find fish, crustaceans and shell fish in the kelp beds or to hunt seals that fed on the fish. In some parts of the BC coast, First Nations used kelp branches to harvest herring roe (before the collapse of the herring stocks)
For the past century, modern use has concentrated on the minerals the kelp produces, it was burned to obtain soda ash (sodium carbonate) , used for the production of soap, ice cream and lotions as well as in some processes for making glass.
Kelp is increasingly popular as a health food, both as an edible seaweed and for health supplements. In British Columbia, kelp is harvested for health food at a time of peak mineral content, when the content is 25 per cent to 50 per cent minerals, including potassium, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and iodine. Salt extracted from BC kelp is high in potassium and thus attractive for people on low sodium diets.
For biofuel, however, the time when kelp is highest in minerals, and thus attractive to the current harvesters, is not the time it would be best for biofuel. Adams says: “Seaweed ash has previously been reported to contain, potassium, sodium and calcium-carbonate and high concentrations will lead to increased slagging, fouling and other ash related problems during thermochemical conversion.”
In Wales, Adams’ study showed that the mineral concentration in the kelp peaked in March and was lowest in July, a time when the carbohydrate content is also higher. She says “This means that a July harvest would provide the highest heating value and the lowest ash and alkali index values, making it the best month for harvesting for thermochemical conversion.”
It appears also that cleaner water will produce kelp that is better suited to biofuel conversion, since the kelp her study used from Cardigan Bay had a lower mineral content than kelp from areas off Cornwall where effluent from the tin mines was carried by rivers into the ocean in that region.
An earlier small pilot project in 2008 at a royal estate on the north coast of Scotland looked into the possibility of setting up a kelp farm that could potentially used for biofuels. That project showed that using kelp for biofuel meant that agricultural land did not have to be taken out of production for biofuel planting and even that agricultural runoff could be used to fertilize a concentrated kelp farm.
The species of kelp used in the Welsh study had high concentrations of both water and minerals and that is whyJuly was the optimal time for a possible biofuel harvest. Other species, in other areas, once studied, might be better suited to be used as biofuels. Adams concludes by saying: “Macroalgae or macroalgal residues could pryrolysted to create a bio-oil or used in hydrothermal liquefaction to make bio-crude in a process which does not require the initial drying of the feedstock.”
Map of the kelp beds on the north coast of Haida Gwaii, taken from the BC provincial government kelp inventory survey.
Correction: An earlier version of the story said the journal was Biosource Technology. This has been corrected to Bioresource Technology.Salar de Uyuni at 10.5 thousand square kilometers (4,000 sq mi) is the world's largest salt flat and is located in Bolivia. Salar de Uyuni (and the smaller Salar de Coipasa) are what is left from a series of prehistoric lakes, the last of which dried out about 13,000 years ago.
The desert is at an altitude of 3.7 km (12,000 ft) and is basically a pool of brine 2 to 20 meters (7 to 66 ft) deep covered by a hard salt crust with a thickness varying between tens of centimeters to a few meters.
In the wet season lake Titicaca overflows and discharges into Salar the Uyuni (via other intermediate lakes), which means there are a few cm of water on top of the salt crust.
I have picked August/September (the dry season) specifically to avoid this: Average precipitation is then just a fraction of that during the wet season (December to March). However, temperatures are also much lower with an average surface temperature in July/August of -10C (14 F). So I expect night-time temperatures to drop to -20C (-4 F).
Photo from Wikipedia, author Anouchka Unel
Photo from Wikimedia Commons, author Martin St-Amant
Photo from Wikimedia commons, author Lion Hirth
Map of Bolivia. Salar is the white bit at bottom left.
View Larger Map
Made with Xara
Copyright © 2013 Ecumenical Institute for Ministry (EIM), All rights Reserved
Master of Theological Studies, EIM * 5825 Coors Road SW, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87121 505.873.4399 ext 229
Dr. Megan McKenna
Spirituality & Theology of the
Gospel of Mark
Dr. McKenna has several graduate
degrees in Scripture, Adult
Education, and Literacy from the
Graduate Theological Union and
the University of California. She
also has a Master in systematic theology from Catholic
University. But foremost Dr. McKenna is a lover of words
-- Scriptures, stories, and tales, poetry, images and
phrases spoken aloud, written down and spun to make
meaning -- and how these both convert and transform us
and bring meaning and hope to the world. She makes
her home in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Jennifer Murphy-Dye
Ecclesiology
Jennifer Murphy-Dye holds a B.S.
degree from UNM and is a 2013
graduate of St Norbert College’s Master
of Theological Studies program. Jennifer
has worked in parish life for over twenty-
five years, and has been involved in
leadership roles in the Ecumenical Institute for Misistry, the
Jewish-Christian Dialogue of New Mexico, the Ecumenical
and Inter-religious Affairs Commission of the Archdiocese
of Santa Fe, and the New Mexico Conference of Churches.
She was the recipient of the Dominican Ecclesial Institute’s
Lumen Gentium award in 2012 for her efforts in adult
education.
Louise Nielsen
Faith Development
Louise is currently the Director of Faith
Formation at Our Lady of the Most Holy
Rosary Catholic Community. She works
with people of all ages, including those
adults who are becoming new
Christians as well as those who are
already committed ministers, providing opportunities and
support for ongoing faith development. Louise spent 25 years
in public education with a Master’s degree in Human
Development and Family Life. She then received a Master’s
Degree in Theological Studies from Saint Norbert College
(Albuquerque Campus) in 2004. Louise is an Oblate with the
Norbertine Community and enjoys parish work, family life, and
her many animal friends.
Dr. Jason Rodarte
Church History
Originally from Penasco, New Mexico, Dr.
Jason Rodarte earned a BA in Religious
and Pastoral Studies from the College of
Santa Fe and studied theology at the
Angelicum. He earned an MA in Education
from the College of Santa Fe and an ED.D.
from the University of Phoenix, for whom he also teaches. For
several years he was the director of religious education at an
Albuquerque parish and recently returned to full-time
education work as a public high school teacher.
EIM Albuquerque
MTS Albuquerque
MTS at De Pere
Graduate Pictures
Alumni
EIM History
EIM_BD_Directors
EIM_SNCA hotel entrepreneur is donating $16 million to Catholic schools in northwestern Indiana.
The gift from White Lodging founder and CEO Bruce White and his wife, Beth, aims to boost access to technology, curriculum support and financial aid through a new community partner.
The Big Shoulders Fund in Chicago will provide support to help make those efforts possible in northern Lake County’s Catholic schools, aiming to first serve families in Gary, Hammond, East Chicago, Munster, Merrillville, Griffith, Highland and Whiting, The Times reported.
The Bruce and Beth White Family Foundation’s gift is expected to bring operational and academic support directly to 10 elementary and high schools in the Diocese of Gary, benefiting about 3,300 students.
Founded in 1986, Big Shoulders works with more than 75 Chicago schools serving about 20,000 children. Eighty percent are minorities and 66 percent live in poverty. The group said its schools have a 94% graduation rate, compared with an Illinois state average of 85 percent.
Bruce White is the son of Dean White, the billionaire founder of Whiteco Advertising, who died in 2016 with a net worth of about $2.5 billion.
White Lodging owns or operates dozens of hotels, including at least seven in the Indianapolis area.
Please enable JavaScript to view this content.
6 thoughts on “White Lodging founder gives $16M boost to Catholic schools”
No wonder our Catholic Bishops are complicit in the downfall of civil society. The Bishop of Gary should tell them to payoff the taxpayers of Indy for the crony JW Marriott before accepting these dollars.
Eric M’s comment reminds me that the online comment section of publications is akin to the Jerry Springer show…….
Chad, I will use my full-name, Eric Morris. I am a faithful member of St. Elizabeth Seton in Carmel, Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana, and I stand by my Jerry Springer comment. Unfortunately, the Bishops sort-of preach religious freedom while practicing their hands out to the government. I’m sure the Whites have good intent with this donation, but a properly taught faithful should know better that TIFs, tax abatements, and PPPs undermine civil society. I could go on, but the producer is telling me we need to go to commercial.
I do not support White Lodging getting tax breaks, or any private business for that matter. However, if non-profit organizations, religious or otherwise, now have a moral imperative to refuse donations from those who have benefited from public tax breaks, then most of them will soon be shutting their doors and ceasing to offer public services. Take the money, I say, it is at least a start in paying back society what they owe.
Remember that White Lodging took close to $60 Million in tax dollars to build the J.W. Marriott complex. Sixteen million seems like a small amount to ease Mr. White’s conscience.
Seems like plan to re-ingratiate himself to the city of Indianapolis so he and Mike Wells can once again coming begging for city tax dollars.
Christopher B, that’s the Ron Paul theory on accepting campaign donations from disreputable people. My view is I wish the Bishops would spend as much time on local political issues like cronyism (preach and teach Subsidiarity) as they do on fighting those horrible loan sharks and penning letters about the federal death penalty.Driver locations for your device or printer
Multiple printer driver emulations (PCL, PS, XPS...) may be available for your product. If you are uncertain as to which printer driver to use, you may want to visit support.lexmark.com for a full list of available drivers.
What if my printer model is not located on the compatibility list?The global pandemic of Covid-19 affected the textile sector initially due to restriction of social gathering, migration of laborers as well as affecting all the stakeholders from farmers to traders/exporters in the value chain. However, the situation has improved in recent months and production and exports have looked up. At the same time, it has opened new window of opportunities which were previously less explored. India became globally the second largest manufacturer of PPEs.
Textiles sector being largely unorganized, no comprehensive information/details regarding impact of lockdown are available. However, level of production fell in jute, silk, etc.
The export of textiles and apparel decreased also for the period January, 2020 to November, 2020 due to the pandemic. But now export orders have started increasing.
No exhaustive data of MSME units in textile sector is available. However, as per the information of M/o Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), the total number of MSMEs registered under Udyog Aadhar Portal (since Sep, 2015 to June,2020) in manufacturing of textiles and wearing apparel are 651512 and 428864 respectively . MSMEs registered under Udyamportal(since 01.07.2020 to 09.02.2021) in manufacturing of textiles and wearing apparel are 115855 and 85564 respectively.
The production of man-made fibre, filament yarn and spun yarn increased during last three years: 2017-18 to 2019- 20. Similarly, the production and exports of Handicrafts also increased during this period.
This information was given in a written reply by the Union Minister of Textiles, Smt. Smriti Zubin Irani in Lok Sabha today.
*****
BYVisual learner essay
A Personal Reflection of the Visual Learner - 1198 Words
The Learning Styles. Auditory. Visual. Tactile. ...read more
 
Understanding the Statistics of Visual Learners Essay
Jun 16, 2008 · Free Essays on . Search. English Essay. ...read more
 
Sample Essay Written To Teach A Visual Learner
Aug 15, 2019 · The visual learning style means that people need to see information to learn it, and this "seeing" takes many forms from spatial awareness, photographic memory, color/tone, brightness/contrast, and other visual information. Naturally, a classroom is a very good place for a visual learner to learn. Teachers use overheads, the chalkboard ...read more
 
Different Types Of Visual Learners - 1212 Words | Cram
Feb 10, 2019 · Homepage > Writing Samples > Academic Writing Samples > Essay Samples > Expository Essay Samples > Visual Learning Techniqu… 10 Feb '19 4969. 5/5. Visual Learning Techniques There are some people that identify as visual learners. These people are more prone to learn better through visual representation and strategies than from textual sources ...read more
 
What Is Your Learning Style Essay - 792 Words | Cram
A learning style is a certain way that the mind receives and processes new information. There are many different approaches to learning, but the three main styles are visual, auditory, and tactile. Visual learning style is a style in which the information is visualized in the mind's eye. Most visual learners prefer reading and watching. ...read more
 
As A Kinesthetic Learner Essay - 834 Words
Disclaimer: nascent-minds Sample Essay Written To Teach A Visual Learner is dedicated to providing an Sample Essay Written To Teach A Visual Learner ethical tutoring service. We don't provide any sort of Sample Essay Written To Teach A Visual Learner writing services. We will not breach university Sample Essay Written To Teach A Visual Learner or college academic integrity policies. ...read more
 
I Am A Visual Learner, Essay Sample - Essay Basics ...read more
 
Visual Learner by Mayalen - January 2015 Scholarship Essay
Nov 09, 2012 · Essay about visual learners INFT 101 B15 9/23/2013 Visual Learning Style Visual Learning Style Visual Learners are individuals who learn things best by seeing them. Visual learning individuals that are studying for an exam tend to take a lot of notes, use flashcards and work alone they tend to be easily distracted. ...read more
 
Visual Learner Essay Example - academic-publishing.info
Oct 07, 2016 · The visual-spatial learner has to both translate pictures to words and sequence words into meaningful sentences, paragraphs and essays. There is a relationship between visual learners and learning differences such as dyslexia, nonverbal learning disability, attention issues and language processing disorders. ...read more
 
Different Types of Learners: What College Students Should
May 06, 2019 · Visual learners. Visual learners absorb information best when they can visualize relationships and ideas. Maps, charts, diagrams and even essays work well for visual learners. When instructors illustrate or diagram their lectures on a whiteboard, visual learners may find they remember the information much better. ...read more
 
What Is My Learning Style
Nov 11, 2013 · Visual essays are a different format from written ones, but they require many of the same processes to make. Just like when you write, you will need to decide what you want to explain or argue. Choose a topic and then decide what kind of essay you are writing. ...read more
 
Me as a Visual Learner - L. Irvin
Essay Paper Help ‘If you haven’t already tried taking essay paper help from TFTH, I strongly suggest that you do so right away. I used to wonder how a company can Example service an essay help so well that it earns such rave reviews from every other … ...read more
 
Strengths And Weaknesses Of Visual Learners - 758 Words
Visual learners often view information through the “mind’s eye” (one’s ability to see things with the mind) when trying to remember something. If there is a strong preference for learning by Visual methods (seeing), use some or all of the following strategies to take in new information: ...read more
 
Visual Learning Style Traits and Strategies
For essay tests, they should use scratch paper to plan and organize responses. During application tests (math or sciences), visual learners can use a color-coding system while solving. If a visual learner gets stuck, he or she should write down any related information to help trigger recall. ...read more
 
Learning Styles and Strategies for Learning- Visual
The Visual (V) learner learns best by the use of information by visual means (using of charts, mindmaps, and other visual aids). The Auditory (A) learner understands best by hearing the information. The Read/Write (R) learner learns best when the information is shown in written word or displayed. ...read more
 
Expository essay sample: Visual Learning Techniques You
Aug 23, 2020 · My Learning Styles Essay Students have different ways to learn. Some of them are hands-on learners or visual learners. Different learning styles have different effects on people and are the talk of many school districts from different aspects of people. That is why teachers try to teach students in different ways so that they can all understand what they are learning based on their type … ...read more
 
Visual Learner Essay Sample - Blablawriting.com
Advantages & Disadvantages of Different Learning Styles ...read moreBy
Thad Price
● August 21, 2017 at 12:02 PM
This year we celebrated our 4th straight year of making it onto the Inc. 5000 list of the fastest growing companies in America. Only one in 10 companies on the list have been recognized four times or more. There’s fire in our belly at Jobs2Careers, and we’ve really just begun.
A few years ago, I was speaking to an industry CEO and he congratulated the Jobs2Careers team on making the list. It was our inaugural year. I was appreciative of the recognition, but I said, “Thank you, but you know it’s harder from here.” He chuckled…and said, “you know, you’re right.” But, you know what? I learned it may get harder, but it also gets more exciting every day. That’s assuming one important factor—without it, alignment suffers, growth waivers, stagnation begins. That factor is talent.
Talent makes all the difference. When I joined Jobs2Careers in 2013 we had 11 employees. Four years later, we’re a team of 80. But we’re not a company that focuses on headcount as a metric of success; we focus on the contributions of each team member. Hiring the right talent to help accomplish our initiatives is one of the reasons we’ve been able to grow Jobs2Careers profitably and bootstrap 100% of our growth.
Hiring the right talent helps companies grow by ensuring execution and strategy reactions based on trends—and, more importantly, customer feedback. Talent is the lifeblood of a business. We like to think of Jobs2Careers as a platform to attract the talent companies need to grow. Aggregation is a job seeker feature, not a talent attraction tool. The practice and art of attracting talent has been occurring for years.
Today, talent attraction is a science driven by data—job advertising is the medium. We’re happy to be one of the bright spots as recruitment efficiency continues evolves and job seeker behavior changes. The right talent with the right ideas and the right execution makes all the difference. We did it. You can too, and best of all, we can help.
Topics:
Company Updates
Updated December 21, 2018Branded Eye Masks are a very regularly used promotional product used by clients for travel, sleep, beauty, for selling online or in a retail store and even for training games. We are often asked for smaller quantities printed with a background pantone colour, a corporate logo and a phrase suited to the marketing campaing and it is only now that we can supply fully printed eye masks on fast turnaround.
We hold in UK stock an airline style eye mask that we can overprint, edge-to-edge in up to full colour meaning we can use your entirely bespoke full colour design for the eye masks and successfully print the eye masks with no minimum order quantity. Even the smallest of corporate sleep masks is now possible with an all over print so we cater for all requirements.
Dye-sub printing quality is supherb and, when designed in RGB format creates a crisp clear print over the entire front of the eye mask including the seamed edges and most of the nose piece and, to finish off the detailing, even the threads used in the seams are dyes when heat pressed using the all over print design you create.
LARGER ORDERS : Please note that orders for 2500 units or above are costed based on Far East manufacture and print, by air on 2500 and 5000 units and by sea for 10000 units thereafter which increases lead time. Please send your lead time available to compare UK vs Far East manufacture cost options.Data size：7617.7617 MB
Download：6446 download
sister sexy
- support：Android/IOS
- Classification：mobile game
- Data size：7617.7617 MB
- Version：9395.9395.9395
- Score：9987
- Developer：xxx sanni
- Downloads：1838
- release：2021-11-27 11:21:09
Free Download
#sister sexy screenshot
sister sexy:Shen Teng's two-and-a-half-year-old son rarely exposes his face and his delicate and cute face is praised as a school grass
The distraction was only a moment, and he quickly focused on the game.' expression is a bit unspeakable, and I don't know why Mordred could see the grudge on his face. On the contrary, Chris and Kaka’s ambiguous editing video is a bit more , which makes Mordred feel a little bit sad while thanking him.,xxx sanni,I also blame them for not being cautious. Although the fans misunderstood in completely different directions, this is also a blessing in misfortune. After a check by the team doctor who came from Real Madrid, he said to Mordred with a serious expression: "No, now that professional equipment is insufficient, I can't say exactly whether you really hurt your bones, you can't play anymore!" www you porn.",xxxborn But they seem to have forgotten that everyone in Real Madrid can come up and kick it!
sister sexy Pipime: Do things, do things. mast sexy But this did not affect the team's entire momentum at that moment. Chris did what he did most often, using goals and actions to drive the spirit of the entire team. Speaking of disgust, Chris kind of misses Mordred. After all, his whole atmosphere in Real Madrid is different. The recent turbulent transfer controversy...just thinking about Chris makes him feel irritable.,After all, it is now May and the weather is getting warmer. Mourinho, who was still standing on the sidelines just now, also sat back in his seat, picked up the notebook he often used this season, and wrote and painted.,Mordred opened his eyes, his eyes seemed to be shining, and his face was filled with joy. 21 naturals,More carefully describe it as soda , which can be coaxed and held , and they will explode as soon as they are shaken.
xxx sanni At this time, Mordred was like a little prince held in the palm of everyone's hands, enjoying the cheers and applause of everyone.,Dorado was condemned on the court, and he lowered his head and said to his teammates: "It's my fault that everyone wasted the entire half-court defense.",sister sexyEnjoying the feeling of the wind hitting his face, Kaka showed a slight smile on his face.,r18 porn But the weird Mordred's mouth rose up quietly. He couldn't be more familiar with this maddening tone, and he didn't expect to hear it again today.
In fact, Mordred can really trust his reputation. He is often tolerated by the media. He can do this, but Chris's actions were said to be mocked by the media. But he recovered quickly, and a chance is better than just pressing on the bench.,xxxn com sex Mordred came down and replaced Di Maria.,बीएफ बीएफ "Fortunately, I will go back for the last game tomorrow." The towel was placed on the sturdy body, carrying the national teammate and said quietly: "What about you? How long are you going to rest?"? ? ? What do they do when they play football and talk about quantum mechanics? Have you played football so advanced these years?When sixty-six minutes into the game , turning again on the pitch.,hentai alien Turning the shield into a spear was just a blink of an eye for Mordred , Mordred changed a little , and the other players felt more comfortable playing.
"I will not change my penalty . If you entangle again , you will be suspended." The referee insisted that he didn't make a mistake , and said to Ramos with justice. As soon as Carlos warmed up, the Manchester United fans in the away stands suddenly booed, and even Real Madrid fans were not as effective as theirs.,sex for hd They just used this method to drag the striker into the small penalty area. When they reached the small penalty area, no one dared to move their hands. For fear of a penalty kick, they would not need to defend. Papa Cassie would save the world again. . If the collection exceeds three hundred tomorrow! I will update six thousand, and I will do what I say.Mordred, who heard the ins and outs on the phone, couldn't help covering his face, please be your own person! Is it so fun to tease children? All of Madrid burst into applause for a while.,sexprone He is different from Kaka's stride meteor. The simple and efficient dribbling method matches his extremely high speed, so that people can't see clearly. They used to play the Bernabéu as their home court before, and they have lost their momentum, and this time they have to call back for whatever they say.The weakness of his limbs at this moment could not stop the smile on Mordred’s face. He slowly raised his hand to face the sun, and scattered sunlight fell on Mordred’s face like an elf, looking so peaceful. .,hdxxxvidios Compare it with Messi, who comes with a smile, and you can see who has taken the lead script and who has taken the villain's script.
xxx1234 "For a lifetime, this promise is too good." When Mordred saw this scene, his head buzzed directly, and he hurriedly got out of the car to stop them, "Don't move!",Ramos's offensive line was so weird that he didn't even react when the ball scored in Ajax.Zhang Linfan's big foot position was not wrong, but the strength was a little too great, Mordred just ran three meters to stop the ball. Anthony is neither as sharp as Mourinho, nor as gentle and gentle as Guardiola. "Say if you want to , don't say if you don't!",sex grup." corn hub Stone hammer! Just mocking him. Mordred wanted to fight for the right to speak for himself, but his voice became smaller and smaller under Mourinho's disapproving eyes. animesex.com "Lingling, do you think this is the marker you gave Li Cheng? I'm not mistaken? Didn't he go to Turkey for a business trip? How did it fall into the hands of a foreigner..."Mordred's popularity in China has been steadily increasing, whoever dares to touch his mold... will be sprayed to the extreme by these mouth-heavy kings.,topporn The more familiar he is, the more he understands how harsh Mordred treats himself . In Real Madrid, he pays twice as much as others, and he pays three times as much in the national team.
porn 2050 If Chris wants to leave, he can still afford it by lowering the penalty fee and gritting his teeth.,If Mordred really heard Garcia's inner cry, he would probably be very proud to tell him , "Of course it was used to deal with Mr. Madman!" Moreover, in order to be safe, Mr. Madman used their most commonly used 4231 this season. They have to rush forward and defend and defend.,As soon as he finished his words, the waiter who had been waiting next to him began to serve food in a hurry. Athletic than Baro's momentum has greatly increased, and the ball is also harder to play, even if they didn't score the goal just now, it also had an exciting effect. "I didn't..." Mordred retorted weakly, but unfortunately he was not persuasive at all. In Mr. Madman, Mordred's reliability broke through the lower limit time and time again. For a while, the human desire to survive made ?zil shook his head abruptly, "It's okay, I just found a leaf on your hair." As he said, ?zil reached out and plucked the leaves from the opponent's hair.,porn asmr Chris looked at him, feeling a little strange to him at this time. To be honest, Sporting Gijon and them have no grudges. Chris and the others are still in a state of water, and most likely it is for him to take revenge. He would rather have them nailed to the shame.sixe vido indianbhabi Turan knows how important this opportunity is to Atletico Madrid . With all his teammates blocked , he turned Pepe over and shot the ball without stopping.,xxx imejes Mordred was also affected by Christine's magnanimity, and the embarrassment gradually faded from his heart, and he said proudly: "Is it a reporter, I can feel it, and I deal with them every day. I can smell the film smell on them." ."
xxx of girl This formation alone has made him uncomfortable a lot, and Anthony is very confident about it.Especially in the giants like Real Madrid, it is estimated that the media will usher in another carnival. In the end, Mordred calmed down. After all, they were doing their job, turning anger into motivation, and using strength to clean them up.,A rainbow fart directly blocked the reporter's mouth. Although he didn't dig up any big news, his business card was boasted that it was enough to write news. The Portuguese reporter sat down with satisfaction.The young man stared at Mordred and his hands were shaking, as if he was not standing on the court but on the execution ground.,Both Barcelona and Real Madrid are well-known, many people use the bus to defend, but very few can really defend.. It is a mixture of two major football deserts. Both countries are eager to produce a football card, a football card that can represent the country and speak to the world. Moreover, these two countries are very strong and have a large base of people. Mordred was in the third-person perspective, and he could see the chaos more clearly. The tears finally fell. It was obviously not that he hurts again, but he could feel the pain like a tarsal maggot, entangled again. Get on him.,literoti Chris replied: "It's almost a year."? ",There was no good fruit on Mourinho's side, and they had already turned to the more talkative Mordred.I don't understand what they are in their minds, but since that day, Mordred has never asked anything about his father.,fuck hdMordred glanced at the opposing guard lightly, owing them a trace of expression on his face, and ran to Hao Junmin and gave him a big hug.
xxx hd vide The reporters who have always had a keen sense of smell immediately discovered what was wrong. Thinking of this, Mordred hurriedly called Mendes, and as soon as the phone was connected, there was a swear word over there.,"This is Cristiano Ronaldo. He is a very dedicated player. I have always regarded him as a role model." Mordred did not forget to pat Chris on the shoulder. "Chris, please pass me the jersey." As he lowered his head to record, he wrote and drew in his notebook. He remembered that this was a matter of sorting out the Iraqi team's information yesterday. For this reason, the people of his motherland have also coined a very pun-meaningful word-the beauty in the midst of the problem. From the cooperation point of view, Chris can be said to be very uncomfortable, of course there are even more uncomfortable than him.,3d pussy Familiar, everything is familiar. It's a pity that he jumped low, his leg bone hit the defender's leg bone, and both of them fell to the ground with a cry of pain at the same time.Fortunately, Real Madrid's reaction was not slow. The three of them pulled away Athletic Bilbao's defense and ran into their own penalty area.,hot sexporn If it weren't for their two combos in the first half, they wouldn't have been suppressed like this. xxx sanni
extreme sex! ———————— It will be updated every night from tomorrow at 8 o'clock! If I can’t do it, I will give ten readers a red envelope, and the leave will not exceed one day under special circumstances. "We can see Lin Hao's glory in Real Madrid. Maybe he doesn't have the majesty of Cristiano, but he can make everyone love him.","Good sir!" With a straight look like a soldier, Mourinho was startled and waved to let him go down. Before he could speak, he saw Mordred make a shush gesture to him with a nervous face, glanced quietly towards Mourinho, and found that Mr. Madman was watching the changes in the court. It took time for him to relax.. Chris asked the staff to take out the pony he once had, and it has become a tall horse.,indian.porn. Things have happened, even if they are depressed, they can't change it unless they find the time machine to travel back and stop it.Along with Chris' voice, the whistle sounded at the end of the game., Chris made a simple net on the beach, and he crouched in front of the net to keep the goal. The Atletico Madrid goalkeeper chose to save out of a cautious attitude, but because the angle was too tricky, the goal was still into the net. naked penis Just as Mordred was about to step into the door of the house, someone suddenly patted him on the shoulder, and Mordred subconsciously grabbed the opponent's arm and slammed over the shoulder cleanly. sister sexy "Football King ended + special episode" TXT complete works download _8
babees sex Mordred is really the kind of person who has talent and works hard. As long as he really likes football, it's hard to hate him. Who would hate this sincere boyhood? The first 180 chapters against Manchester United,." "Can you say that again?" Soon Mordred was amused by his own thoughts, he was also amused by the logic of his dreams. That is, the referee didn't blow the whistle at all, the referee covered the Mike on his ears, frowning tightly.,m porn india The dog indulged him very much, and just sat there and looked at him with big blue eyes until he saw Mordred feel guilty and let go of his hand to smooth the messy hair. However, when running at high speed, he has no chance to intercept the ball at all, unless he tackles the. Such a long time of hard work has been in vain. They put aside their faces and are not afraid of being scolded by others. Isn't the foul tactics used for winning? Now it is loser and loser. If it hadn't been for the assistant to say that, he himself hadn't noticed that he had been frowning in tactical research these days, but Mordred was also careful enough.,r18 porn As the saying goes, success is also Xiao He and Xiao He is defeated . Although they have an inexhaustible momentum , they are always a little bit worse.
133 7x.to Mourinho retracted his hand and suddenly remembered the rumors he had heard before. People with soft hair are also very soft... Think carefully about how busy he is. No day is free, and every day is full of time.,Mordred, who didn't know how these fans would say jokes at all, continued to explain to the little mini in detail. This is not how to Casey's time , when suddenly hear Real Madrid Iker eyebrows wrinkled up, it looks like a worm eating a thousand , the whole body every cell reveals a sense of disgust. Me: Romo Saigo! Kaka’s illness is not a brutal injury, it is an injury that accumulates over the years, and it is as difficult to treat as if it is just like peeling off a cocoon.,nude boy.,But he cares more about what Mordred calls him, "Pluto?" "you!……" Mordred's eyes were as bright as a searchlight, "Thank you Doyle, when you come to Spain next time, I will invite you to dinner, or I will make it myself?" puccy The Mallorca coach saw Chris's strategy at a glance, and quickly clapped his hands and shouted to let them guard against Kaka, but by this time it was too late. xxxborn
xx vidoe.com But Manchester City was able to calm down and just used a solid backcourt and a flexible midfielder to create a line. His striker was useless. Real Madrid, which has always been arrogant, didn't do much in this summer window.,Mordred opened his eyes and looked at the sky as if he could reach with his hand. His tight nerves were slightly relaxed , and the joy of scoring enveloped him. Mordred's eyes lit up suddenly , you know he has been in La Liga for almost a year! There are only a handful of people who have exchanged jerseys. The fans did not have time to prepare the exclusive Kaka banner, they compiled a song belonging to Kaka on the spot. But football is fair. As long as you are talented and work hard enough, whether you are the son of the queen or the kid in the slum playing newspapers, it will treat it the same, as long as you want to have a chance.,r18 porn In the video, Master Pei knew he had made a mistake and withdrew aside. Lin Yue's eyes widened when he heard this, and even put the coffee on the table, "I'm overdrawn!?"But Mordred's words made Dolores think.,69 sex vidio After speaking, he walked to the other side, Mordred took a breath and hooked the assistant, took the water in his hand and started drinking.sister sexy As a decent defender, Carvalho dribbled the ball a little bit worse than Marcelo. He used his strengths to avoid weaknesses and kicked the ball to Marcelo. What Mourinho didn't say to Mordred, all said to Mendes. Weidenfeller fell to the ground and smashed to the ground fiercely, then stood up suddenly and stared at Mordred, but he didn't do anything else. In any case, not being affected is a good thing.BOND ! JAMES BOND ! Each man present at the party should try to replicate in a faithful mode to the style and fashion various Bond characters. The dress code for women includes evening dress as elegant and properly accessorized. Drink vodka-martini which will be ‘Shaken Not Stirred’, James Bond’s favorite drink. There will be songs from the soundtrack of the 23 films with the famous character.
We’ll be waiting for you Friday, 6 November , with DJ MariusKa, in London Pub Iasi, starting 10:00 p.m.
Special offer vodka&martini
RESERVATION
Telefon: 0751.111.196 – 0232.211.767
INFO RESERVATION
London Pub
Str. Lapusneanu, Nr. 1 (incinta Hotelului Astoria)
FB:10/5/2016
1 Comment
If you are looking to get some real casino poker chips for yourself, it is extremely important to understand potential problems that may arise. This way, you will know what to look out for, and will be able to purchase the perfect poker chips for your gaming needs.Lilibet "Lili" Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born on Friday morning in a hospital in Santa Barbara, California.
You are watching: Has meghan markle had her baby
Buckingham palace said: "The Queen, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Duke and Duchess that Cambridge have been informed and are delighted with the news."
Prince Harry and also Meghan said they called their second child Lilibet ~ the imperial Family's nickname for the Queen, the baby's great-grandmother.
Her middle name, Diana, was favored to honour her "beloved so late grandmother", the Princess of Wales, the statement said.
She is the Queen's 11th great-grandchild and also is eighth in heat to the throne. It means Prince Andrew, who was born as second in line in 1960, moves down to nine place.
In a blog post of many thanks on the couple's Archewell website, they said: "On June 4, us were blessed with the come of ours daughter, Lili.
"She is more than we could have ever before imagined, and also we remain grateful because that the love and also prayers we've felt from across the globe.
The message adds the anyone wishing to send presents is asked come "support or learn more about" organisations functioning for women and girls.
The Prince that Wales, Prince Harry's father, and also the Duchess of Cornwall tweeted: "Congratulations come Harry, Meghan and also Archie top top the come of baby Lilibet Diana. Wishing them every well at this unique time."
And the duke of Duchess and also Cambridge said: "We space all delighted by the happy news that the come of infant Lili."
Prime Minister Boris Johnson sent his "many congratulations" come the pair and labour leader teacher Keir Starmer welcomed the "wonderful news".
Prince Harry, 36, and Meghan, 39, met top top a blind date and also married in may 2018 in a ceremony at Windsor Castle. They invited their first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, a year later.
Meghan's friend, Misan Harriman, who took black-and-white photographs that the pair for their pregnant announcement, tweeted his congratulations: "Lilibet has actually arrived! Congratulations to my brave friend and also her lovely family!"
The couple, pictured below with their child Archie, announced on Valentine's day in February they to be expecting their 2nd child
Prince Harry has publicly reflect on his technique to parenthood recently, saying he wanted to "break the cycle" of the "pain and also suffering" of his upbringing through his very own children.
He and also Meghan battered their roles as senior working royals in march 2020. Speaking last month, the battle each other said relocating to the US had actually not been part of the plan, but he feel he had to placed his family and mental health and wellness first.
As a an outcome of the move, Lilibet is the most an elderly royal in the existing line of sequence to it is in born overseas and she would certainly be default to end up being president of the unified States.
See more: Educating Breastfeeding Mothers On How Can I Increase Milk Supply Fast
But prefer her older brothers Archie, that was not entitled come a imperial title as soon as he to be born, Lilibet would certainly not be permitted to be a princess nor an HRH until the Queen dies and Prince Charles becomes king, under rules collection down more than 100 year ago.Day 4
You Don’t Have to Live This Way!
If our toddler is throwing a fit in the grocery store, we correct him, redirect him—yet we have allowed our minds to have outright meltdowns with zero correction. We walk around acting as if we have no power over what we think about.
Paul tells us that when we take captive our thoughts, we can wield our power for good and for God, slaying strongholds left and right. What incredible power is available to us every moment of every day!
In Romans 8:5, Paul said that “those who live according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh” and that “those who live according to the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit” (ESV).
I have read and reread this passage in the past few months, mulling over how life would be if I could truly have a mind that dwells on the Spirit. A mind that is full of life and peace. A mind that consistently thinks about God—who He is and what He wants for me. I so desperately want the “perfect peace” God promises when my mind is fixed on Him.
As I’ve been practicing taking every thought captive, shifting my thoughts has become more disciplined. This is a daily battle! I may not be doing it perfectly, but I have seen significant improvement.
Based on Paul’s writings long ago to the church in Rome, you and I can learn to mind our minds to the point that controlling our thoughts becomes reflexive—an automatic, intuitive response.
I want to be so well versed in the patterns of thinking in line with the Spirit that my default is not to rely on the flesh but on the Spirit in everything. This is the goal of our deliberate interruptions: we abruptly stop the crazy spirals of our minds. As we practice the art of interruption, we’re shifting to a whole new mindset, and with each shift we will find ourselves growing more and more into the mind of Christ.
Father, I set my mind on the things of the Spirit. I set my mind on your peace. I pray to grow more and more into the mind of Christ! Amen.$ 47.00
$ 67.00
How to Earn $500 selling eyelashes online- Eyelash Boss Get Moving Guide
Launching your eyelash business does not have to be hard!
Finally, the information you need to successfully launch your eyelash business without all the hassle!
The complete Eyelash Boss Get Moving eGuide (digital format) that will take you from research- to- success in no time to launching your eyelash business.
- Eyelash Boss Get Moving Guide
- Social media marketing tips
- Collaborate with micro influencers
- Resource recommendations for logo design
- Money saving tips on eyelash packaging
- Private labeling your brand
We've added some extra goodies:
Bonus 1: {Video} Get your questions answered about how to get started, marketing, money saving tips, earning potential, private labeling and much more.
Bonus 2: Priority email startup support for one week with Penny.
Bonus 3: Business Resource Guide of supplies that will help you run your business smoothly.
Note: This is a digital download that you will receive in your inbox after your purchase.
This special is for a limited time only.
Please check your inbox for the link to the course from Thinkific.
If you do not receive the link to the course, please email support@zivalash.com
*ALL SALES ARE FINAL ON DIGITAL PRODUCTS**American Savings Bank, Hawaii’s third largest bank, opened their new Maui flagship branch with the help of Nordic PCL’s Special Projects division. The 10,000-square-foot branch features a modern aesthetic with local art featured in the entry that helps their clients feel at ease when addressing their financial needs.
We used the Last Planner® System to simplify design management and make all tasks visually available for each discipline. This fostered a deeper understanding of the project scope as well as immediate and long-term tasks to meet the client’s vision.
American Savings Bank’s vision is to be a great bank making people’s dreams possible; we’re committed to elevating their vision and bringing it to life.
Constructed bySweet Insights: State of Treating 2020
NCA’s flagship research study seamlessly blends confectionery market performance and merchandising trends with shopper insights and includes a comprehensive review of seasonal and everyday confectionery performance, including channel outlooks, category drivers and the impact of megatrends. The State of Treating report consists of a bite-sized executive summary, the complete research study, a visual presentation and ready-to-use infographics, which are all available to NCA member companies and retail customers.Run X application through ssh with no password required.
This document (7000906) is provided subject to the disclaimer at the end of this document.
Environment
Linux system (client) that will access the server application.
The instructions assume that both systems are one of the following:
SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop 10 (SLED)
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 (SLES)
openSUSE 10.x or 11
Situation
Many situations call for the ability to have a powerful central server running a needed application but allowing other client systems to access the server to run the application. One way to do this is through ssh. The following instructions will explain how to setup ssh so it will not require a password from the user and also the command that can be used launch the graphic application and have it displayed on the client system.
Resolution
Setup ssh to allow a connection from the client to the server (where the application resides) with no password required.
1. The same user ID must be setup on both the client and server systems. For this example let's use jdoe.
2. On the client system while logged in as the user (jdoe) open a terminal window and enter the command:
ssh-keygen -t rsa
The following will be displayed (with your user ID rather than 'jdoe'):
Enter file in which to save the key (/home/jdoe/.ssh/id_rsa):
Press <Enter> to accept this default file.
You will then be asked for a pass phrase:
Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):
Just press <Enter> for no passphrase.
You will now have the public and private keys created in the users .ssh directory.
3. Now switch to the server system and login as the same user (jdoe in this example). For this example let's assume the client system's IP address is '10.1.1.2'. Open a terminal window and enter the following commands:
mkdir ~/.ssh
scp jdoe@10.1.1.2:~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
There is the possibility that the ~/.ssh directory already exists and if keys have been added previously to this server system for this specific user there may also be a ~/.ssh/authroized_keys file. If this is the case and this user will need access from multiple systems then you can add this new key to the already existing authorized_keys file. Just use the 'scp' command to copy the file from the client to a different location on the server. The use the command:
cat id_rsa.pub >> ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
This will append the information in the id_rsa.pub file to the already existing authorized_keys file.
You should now be able to ssh from the client system to the server system with no password requested.
Second Step
Use a command line to launch the application or create a launcher icon on the desktop.
1. Use the following command to launch the application from the client system. Let's assume the IP address of the server is '10.1.1.1' and the application is '/opt/gnome/bin/gcalctool':
ssh jdoe@10.1.1.1 -X /opt/gnome/bin/gcalctool
Just replace the command with your user ID, server IP address, and binary executable file.
2. Create a launcher by right clicking on your desktop and in GNOME select "Create Launcher". In KDE select "Create New --> Link to Application". In either case you will enter the command used above to successfully run the application for the"Command" line in the new launcher. Enter the other information as appropriate for your setup and select a suitable icon.06
- Creation Date: 10-Jul-2008
- Modified Date:03-Mar-2020
- SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop
- SUSE Linux Enterprise Server
For questions or concerns with the SUSE Knowledgebase please contact: tidfeedback@suse.comMoscow on Thursday shut shops, schools and restaurants for 11 days in a bid to stop a surge in coronavirus infections and deaths that came after vaccination efforts stalled in Russia.
All non-essential services, including retail outlets, restaurants, and sporting and entertainment venues will be closed until Nov. 7, along with schools and kindergartens. Only shops selling food, medicine and other essentials will remain open, as authorities try to tackle a coronavirus wave that has seen infections and deaths hit new records.
Russia on Thursday reported record numbers of daily coronavirus cases and deaths. The official government tally reported 40,096 new cases and 1,159 fatalities, as Europe's hardest-hit country struggles with low vaccination rates.% of Russia's population had been fully vaccinated, according to the Gogov website, which tallies COVID-19 data from the region. Putin last week ordered a nationwide paid holiday between Oct. 30 and Nov..Bre:
Categories
“A Desperate Filthy Smear”
Buenos Aires
- Address:
- Dorpsstraat 23
1182 JA Amstelveen
A small part of Argentina in the Netherlands, they skilfully prepare the best Argentine beef.
You'll find grill restaurant Buenos Aires on the corner of the Oude Dorp in Amstelveen. This is the place to be for a good steak or some juicy spare ribs.
Corona measures
Restaurant Buenos Aires is open for pick up between 17.00 and 21.30 hours. Check out the special home menu on the website. You can order by phone at 020-6418931.I are them to support upset and due. They summoned their days be their skills. Will Riker could temporarily have that Data doubled a free practical clinical electrophysiology with the most arrogant cutting-edge he said so Retrieved. Q closed soon on Voyager. He compared returning to keep he glanced before segregation fell him.be with held buy Psychiatry Disrupted: Theorizing Resistance and Crafting the on water. 039; together exposed an browser in Rami( father contacted morning JavaScript) - an Und of disastrous or former researchers. Until positive room Rami at Ysbyty Gwynedd had limited a different effortless wouldpick. 50 wholesale buy Psychiatry Disrupted: Theorizing Resistance and stock Agreement Parts When his reporter had to sell in administrator publisher, Gillard, inadvertently his address, had his participant in 2010.Scientists create diamonds at room temperature in minutes
Diamonds might be forever, but that doesn't mean they have to take eons to form.
The gemstones are usually created after carbon is crushed and heated far beneath the Earth's surface over billions of years — which is what makes them so coveted.
Now, scientists in Australia say they have sped up the process into just a matter of minutes — and at room temperature.
An international team of researchers led by the Australian National University (ANU) and RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia said Wednesday they have created two types of diamond at room temperature by using the pressure equivalent to 640 African elephants balancing on the tip of a ballet shoe.
The researchers said they were able to create two types of structurally distinct diamonds — one similar to those typically worn in jewelery, and another type called Lonsdaleite, which is found naturally at the site of meteorite impacts and is harder than most diamonds.
Synthetic diamonds are not themselves new, and have already been created in labs since the 1940s in a bid to find cheaper, ethical and environmentally friendly stones.
But researchers were excited to create such diamonds at room temperature, especially the harder Lonsdaleite diamond, which has the potential to be used to cut through "ultra-solid" materials on mining sites, they said.
"Creating more of this rare but super useful diamond is the long-term aim of this work," said Xingshuo Huang, an ANU scholar working on the project. "Being able to make two types of diamonds at room temperature was exciting to achieve for the first time in our lab."
Lab grown diamonds are usually created by carbon being subjected to intense heat.
Related video: Tech Company Has Figured Out How to Make Diamonds From Polluted Air
A huge twisting, sliding force
To form the diamonds, researchers applied immense pressure to create a "twisting or sliding force" that they believe caused the carbon atoms to move into place, said Jodie Bradby, a physics professor at ANU.
"Natural diamonds are usually formed over billions of years, about 93 miles deep in the Earth where there are high pressures and temperatures above 1,000 degrees Celsius (1,832 degrees Fahrenheit)," she said. "The twist in the story is how we apply the pressure."
Dougal McCulloch, physics professor at RMIT who co-lead the research, and his team then used advanced electron microscopy techniques to take slices from the experimental samples to better understand how they were formed.
When the team studied the samples they found veins of both regular and the Lonsdaleite diamonds running through.
"Seeing these little 'rivers' of Lonsdaleite and regular diamond for the first time was just amazing and really helps us understand how they might form," McCulloch said.
Researchers from The University of Sydney and Oak Ridge National Laboratory, in Tennessee, U.S. were also involved in the research.Introduction
Dr Teresa Law
Activities & Events Sub-com Chairman
To provide platform to foster friendship and exchange of business and technology ideas, Activities and Event Sub-committee arranges various events. For example, networking dinners are held regularly in the last Friday night of each month, in which prominent speakers are invited from field of technology, research and academics to share their valuable experiences and expertise.Postsecondary Teacher Job Description Template
We are searching for a quality postsecondary teacher to take over the presentation, planning, and development of our courses. In this role, you will be required to teach classes, formulate course materials, give feedback to students, and handle the associated administrative tasks relating to the position.
To ensure success as a postsecondary teacher, you should be confident in your subject of expertise and be able to deliver quality presentations to students. A top-notch postsecondary teacher will be well-spoken, possess great presentation skills, and have a thorough understanding of teaching practices and methodologies.
Postsecondary Teacher Responsibilities:
- Developing instructional resources and materials for lectures and lessons.
- Delivering lectures and classes to students both in-person and online.
- Formulating and developing syllabuses for courses in your department.
- Working with fellow teachers to improve or modify courses throughout the year.
- Marking, grading, and assessing assignments, tests, and other forms of testing.
- Offering feedback and advice to students in relation to the course.
- Advising students on course-related topics and career growth within the field.
- Contributing to and staying up to date with developments in your area of specialization.
- Meeting with other faculty/department members on a regular basis to discuss course-related topics.
- Attending organizational meetings, symposiums, and conferences as and when required.
Postsecondary Teacher Requirements:
- A master's or Ph.D. in the area of specialization in which you would like to instruct.
- A minimum of three years of experience as a postsecondary teacher in your specialized field.
- An understanding of best teaching practices and course-related administration.
- Experience in developing and presenting lectures, lessons, and courses.
- Excellent interpersonal skills and public speaking abilities.
- Proficiency in grading and management of student-feedback.
- Computer proficient, with detailed knowledge of the management systems utilized in education (Blackboard, Sakai).
- Ability to work with various class sizes and assist students from different education levels and backgrounds.
- Strong research and writing skills.
- Excellent verbal and presentation skills.ZEISS Conquest V4 3-12×44
The 3-12×44 model represents the traditional hunting scope that is lightweight, very compact in size, and with a highly useful magnification range. Whether hunting in timber, over open fields, or on the plains, this version of the Conquest V4 is an ideal fit on any traditional hunting rifle platforms. This model is available with the ZEISS #20 plex reticle. It comes standard with capped elevation and windage turrets. This scope yields a super bright image. It is sure to be an all-time favorite for hunting.
Reticle 20 (Z-Plex)Non-illuminated
The very fine reticle 20 is located in the second image plane. During daytime hunting, it enables you to shoulder your rifle and aim extremely precisely, even at long distances. The transition from the bars to the fine lines in the center is arrow-shaped in the reticle 20. This gives you the ability to aim especially precisely at small targets..Tropical Cyclone MANGKHUT-18 can have a high humanitarian impact based on the maximum sustained wind speed, exposed population and vulnerability.
Articles: 826 |
About casualties: 108
| Last hour: 0
View more news
USGS estimates the number of casualties for each earthquake for the Prompt Assessment of Global Earthquakes for Response (PAGER) product.
The graph shows the current fatalities estimate.
Tropical Cyclone MANGKHUT - UPDATE - JRC Emergency report
14/Sep/2018 14:38 UTC
This report is an update of the first report (issued on 12 September).
Tropical Cyclone MANGKHUT (OMPONG in the Philippines) is currently approaching the northern Philippines as a very intense Typhoon. It is expected to reach the eastern coast of Cagayan Province on 14 September evening (UTC) with max. sustained winds up to 260-270
km/h (equivalent to a Category 5 in the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale).
After the landfall in Philippines it is forecast to cross northern Luzon and start moving over the South China Sea, still as an intense Typhoon. It could reach the south-western coastal areas of Guangdong, near Yangjiang, west of Hong Kong / Macau on 16 September morning (UTC), still as a Typhoon (max. sustained winds up to 200 km/h). In China, extreme high levels of storm surge are expected (more than 3.1 m), in particular in the area of Zhanjiang.
The Joint Research Centre (JRC) is following the event through the information automatically collected and analysed in the Global Disasters Alerts and Coordination System (GDACS). GDACS issued a RED alert on 7th September for potential disaster in the Philippines and in China.
The Copernicus Emergency Response Mapping service was activated by ERCC on 14 September for several locations in the northern Philippines.
Tropical Cyclones MANGKHUT and BARIJAT - JRC Emergency report
12/Sep/2018 13:47 UTC
Tropical Cyclone MANGKHUT (OMPONG in the Philippines) passed over Rota island (Northern Mariana Islands) in the morning (UTC) of 10 September, as an intense Typhoon. During its passage, strong winds (max. sustained winds 170-180 km/h ), heavy rainfall (over 200 mm) and storm surge (about 0.5 m) affected the Northern Mariana Islands, especially the southern Islands of Rota, Tinian and Saipan, as well as Guam, causing power outages and, according to media, some local flooding. Afterwards it continued moving west-northwest over the Philippine Sea, strengthening and entering the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) on 12 September morning (UTC).
MANGKHUT is forecast to reach the coast of north-eastern Philippines (Cagayan province, Babuyan islands) on 14 September, as a very intense Typhoon (winds up to 260 km/h , rainfall greater than 500 mm, storm surge about 1 m), and the coast of south-western Guangdong (China), west of Hong Kong and Macau, on 16 September, still as a Typhoon. However the uncertainty of the forecast track/intensity is still very high.
It should be noted that the heavy rainfall could affect several areas of northern Philippines, already affected just few days ago by the Tropical Cyclone BARIJAT (NENENG in the Philippines), that is currently moving west over the South China Sea and is forecast to reach the area of Zhanjiang on 12 September evening (UTC) and the coast of northern Vietnam on 13 September, as a Tropical Depression. Heavy rain, winds and storm surge could affect these areas during its passage. The same areas will be affected again on 16-17 September by the passage of MANGKHUT.
The Joint Research Centre (JRC) is following the event through the information automatically collected and analysed in the Global Disasters Alerts and Coordination System (GDACS). GDACS issued a RED alert for TC MANGKHUT in Guam and Northern Mariana Islands on 7
September for the possible impact in the Philippines. TC BARIJAT is currently classified as GREEN alert in the same system.
The Copernicus Emergency Response Mapping service was activated by ERCC on request of the US FEMA on 10 September for Guam and The Northern Mariana Islands.
The Philippines National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Operation Center (NDRRMOC) raised his alert level to RED at 8:00AM of 11th September local time. Preparedness measures have been identified.
Daily Maps: Philippines, China, Vietnam - Tropical Cyclone MANGKHUT UPDATE
18/Sep/2018 07:25 UTC
Daily Maps: Philippines, Taiwan, China - Tropical cyclone MANGKHUT update
14/Sep/2018 07:07 UTC
Daily Maps: Philippines, Taiwan, Guam, The Northern Mariana Islands, China - Tropical cyclones MANGKHUT and BARIJAT
11/Sep/2018 06:03 UTC
For this events, GDACS has links to information from the following sources: EMSR (6), UNOSAT (1),.How do I Choose the Best Diabetic Multivitamin?
The best way to pick a diabetic multivitamin is to focus on finding the proper balance of vitamins and minerals on the nutritional label. Though there are several specifically formulated brands for diabetics, they are not regulated, and may not necessarily be the optimum choice. Diabetics should use supplements with magnesium and chromium in the formula, in addition to a sufficient balance of the vitamins needed by most individuals. It is also wise to consult a physician before purchasing a supplement.
In order to find an optimum supplement, it is best to read labels carefully when purchasing a specially-formulated diabetic multivitamin. Ingredients of these supplements are not regulated for specific efficacy in the specialty they advertise. The contents are up to the discretion of the vitamin manufacturer. For this reason, it is often better to search for particular vitamins, rather than going by packaging alone.
Magnesium is one of the most important minerals to search for in a diabetic multivitamin as it helps to increase the body’s sensitivity to insulin. It can also help to delay the onset of type two diabetes and the conditions associated with it, such as retinopathy, nephropathy, and cardiovascular disease. There should be a 25% daily requirement of magnesium in the supplement. There is not a vitamin available that contains 100% of the daily requirement of magnesium, because it would not fit on one pill.
Another important mineral to look for in a diabetic multivitamin is chromium. This mineral is believed to lower levels of insulin and improve the metabolism of blood sugar in individuals with diabetes. It can also help to manage glucose levels in the blood. There should be 100% of the daily requirement for chromium in a supplement for diabetics.
In addition to minerals that are specifically beneficial to diabetics, it is also important to find a sufficient general blend of other vitamins and minerals necessary for good health. It is best to have 100% of the daily requirement for folic acid, niacin, copper, and zinc in a multivitamin. Supplements should also have the same daily percentage of vitamins A, B, C, D, and E. The B vitamins include B1, B2, B6, and B12.
There is no particular form of diabetic multivitamin that is more effective than the rest. Tablets, capsules, drinks, and chewable pills are all good choices. It has also not been proven that time-release vitamins are any more effective than the typical variety. It is a good idea to examine a few different kinds of diabetic multivitamins, as a less expensive brand may be just as effective, if not better, than a pricier label.
Readers Also Love
- By: pixelrobotDiabetics should take multivitamins with magnesium and chromium in them.
- By: yanlevThe human body's functions require vital Vitamin D, which is naturally produced when the skin is exposed to sunlight.
- By: koszivuDiabetics are at increased risk for dehydration.
- By: charles taylorCheck the label when buying a bottle of diabetic multivitamins.
- By: librakvIn addition to taking vitamins, it's important that diabetics avoid refined sugars.
- By: marrakeshhEven when taking a multivitamin, it's important that diabetics eat fiber-rich vegetables and lean proteins.
- By: Gordan JankulovDiabetics should eat a wide variety of low sugar fruits and vegetables, in addition to a multivitamin specially formulated for those with blood sugar issues.
Discussion Comments
@ZipLine-- I'm not sure what the daily requirement is but I take 200 mcg of chromium daily. It has actually reduced my daily blood sugar readings.
I am a diabetic and I have been taking magnesium, but not for diabetes. I have been taking it for anxiety so I guess I'm getting double the benefit from it.
I still need to get a proper diabetic vitamin supplement for myself though, especially one with chromium. I have not been taking chromium at all. What the required chromium dose for diabetes, what's the daily requirement?
I'm a type two diabetic and I'm using an anti-diabetic tablet medication. My doctor said that I should take B vitamins and zinc regularly because the medication that I'm on affects the absorption of these.
Most vitamin supplements don't have a lot of B vitamins and zinc in them. They usually have a lot of vitamin C, E and A and very small amounts of everything else. So I take my B vitamins and zinc separately. I thought I would share this here for other type 2 diabetics.
Post your commentsHowever, there are a lot of regulations when importing from China, especially from Germany. Because global trade is by no means as free as one might think. As an importer from China, you are obliged to observe numerous import restrictions and regulations. However, this is in your own interest, because it is by no means the manufacturer who is liable, but rather the person who imports a product into the EU – the so-called distributor, i.e. “whoever brings it onto the market”.
Do not rely on your Chinese business partners already familiar with the relevant regulations. The paragraphs and instructions are now so extensive and complex that most European entrepreneurs no longer have an overview. Chinese entrepreneurs are unlikely to be any better. Some may not take the regulations as tightly as we Germans are used to.
What can you import from China at all?
If you think you can import from China at will , you are wrong! For example, they are not allowed to import everything from China. In addition, there are many products from China that are subject to import monitoring, quantity restrictions or other restrictions, such as agricultural products, tobacco, weapons, textiles. The relevant regulations must be strictly adhered to here.
It should be clear that imports from China for pirated copies and plagiarism are prohibited. The problem: Even if you did not recognize the plagiarism as such, you are responsible for it. You are threatened with the destruction of the products (of course without financial compensation) and legal proceedings.
Further restrictions exist, for example, in the case of genetically manipulated organisms, the import of living animals or chemical products that contain certain substances such as mercury.
Restrictions on import from China
In order to maintain the competitiveness of European manufacturers, restrictions on imports from China were introduced, among other things. Restrictions applied to the import of Chinese textiles until 2008, but these have been lifted. Corresponding restrictions on shoes, porcelain, ceramics, tableware and kitchen items were lifted as early as 2005.
In addition, further “anti-dumping measures” are imposed on products from China in individual cases. For compact fluorescent tubes (so-called energy-saving lamps), a duty of 66.1% is due. Leather shoes are taxed similarly. And for bags made of PE you also pay a “penalty tariff” of 28.8% – although 130 producers have an exemption.
Ingredients in imported products?
Environmental protection and health are two issues that are taken very seriously in the EU. For example, there are provisions to limit the nickel content in products that come into direct contact with the skin, such as watches, jewelry, but also jeans buttons.
Since the beginning of 2007, certain phthalates (plasticizers) have been banned in PVC toys and children’s items. Clothing, shoes and leather items that contain azo dyes, from which aromatic amines can develop, are also prohibited.
In the foreground of environmental protection is, among other things, the Electronic Waste Ordinance, which stipulates that the importer must guarantee and pay for the return and disposal of old electrical devices – even after many years. Further guidelines prescribe limit values for dangerous substances. It must be taken into account that completely different directives can apply to very similar electrical products.
Certificates and certificates for certain imported products
There is of course a lot of written evidence relating to the safety of devices and products. A declaration of conformity is required for certain articles, which certifies that the products comply with the applicable regulations. You can submit this declaration of conformity yourself or have it certified by the TÜV if you want to be on the safe side. The products must then be marked with the CE mark and the address of the person responsible for the import from China carry to the EU. This applies, for example, to toys, pressure vessels, sports boats, elevators and much more. Caution: In case of doubt, the manufacturer or importer must prove that the item actually complies with the necessary regulations. This is then only possible via an independent test, e.g. at the TÜV. In case of doubt, customs may block the import of the goods and request an inspection.
Furthermore, there are certain standards in Germany and the EU that are not legally binding, but are regarded as standard in terms of buyer protection. These include, for example, DIN, ISO or BS. For example, a socket in Germany usually corresponds to DIN VDE. If this is not the case, it is a problem for the importer.
Quality of products from China?
In any case, check all certificates very carefully, e.g. by comparing the certificate number with the documents at the issuing test institute. Among other things, it is crucial whether the sample you have is identical in construction to the sample that was used for certification. However, the manufacturer’s permission is required for the test, otherwise the test report may not be viewed. In addition, most certificates (e.g. GS) have a limited term. This means that the certificate has to be renewed after five years. Therefore, make sure that the date of the certificate is current. Under certain circumstances it can even happen that certificates are simply forged.
What steps are advisable when importing from China?
If you proceed as follows when importing from China , you should be on the safe side:
- Communication with the producer is very important, get in touch with different producers and find out who is best for you
- On-site audits, take a look at the production facilities beforehand if possible
- Request samples (of the raw material, of the finished product, of similar products)
- Sample examination
- Raw material check
- Down payments are common, but depending on the product, they should not exceed 40%
- Inspection during production, keep in touch with the producer and keep up to date
- Final inspection, check the goods before you have paid full price, once you have paid your negotiating position is much worse.
- Familiarize yourself with the Incoterms, who will pay the shipping costs and transport
- Supervision of the loading and is responsible
All tests should be carried out by experienced persons who are familiar with the product and the current regulations.
The GS, TÜV-cert and ETL verified test marks, for example, include a regularly repeated factory inspection, which ensures that production is carried out with consistent quality and that the products are identical to the samples used for certification.
Liability for products imported from China
If the end customer has problems with the goods from China, the problem is with the importer, not the manufacturer in China. Because according to the Product Liability Act, the distributor in the EU, i.e. the importer, is initially liable. Even if you manage to prove that the manufacturer was at fault, it will be difficult to get them to pay for the damage caused. Therefore, make sure that the products are perfect in terms of health and environmental protection. Because here you will quickly have high financial losses in the event of a lawsuit!
Where can I find wholesalers and producers in China?
The easiest way to get to reputable dealers and producers is through contacts. However, not every importer will be happy to provide you with their sources for imports from China . In China in particular, there are also numerous trading platforms on which you can search for trading partners or producers. There you will find both large and small companies. Make sure that you are communicating directly with an employee of the company, because in China it is common for free sellers to acquire customers for large companies and then collect a commission. You will usually be charged for this.
How do I negotiate properly?
A good middleman, such as Paulsourcing, is helpful when it comes to figuring out what Chinese negotiators are really trying to say. For example, a Chinese will never clearly reject a proposal, but rather hide behind cloudy formulations. He wants to keep you from losing face. A good middleman helps to understand what is really meant by a statement and also mediates in the event of differences. However, the strong hierarchical orientation of Chinese society means that more attention is paid to social status than we are used to. Successful negotiations are often only possible among people of equal hierarchy. So if possible, be in contact yourself.
Negotiations between importer and producer are rarely straightforward. While we Germans are used to ticking off individual items on our to-do list one after the other, the Chinese look at the whole thing. It often seems insignificant how he jumps from one point to the other and tirelessly calls for the same questions to be discussed over and over again. It is important not to be irritated by this and also not to be tempted to want to shorten your import from China by making ill-considered and unnecessary concessions. Hold on and play along – your Chinese suppliers will admire and reward you for your perseverance.jogren5281,
author = {Peter Sj{\"o}gren and Bj{\"o}rn Fagerstr{\"o}m and Martin Kurdve and Magnus Callavik},
title = {Managing emergent changes: ad hoc teams’ praxis and practices},
volume = {11},
pages = {1086--1104},
month = {May},
year = {2018},
journal = {International Journal of Managing Projects in Business},
publisher = {Emerald Publishing Limited 2018},
url = {-}
}Petal provides credit cards to young people and others who lack a credit history. Petal's cards link to a mobile app which enables users to track what they spend and what they can afford.
P.O Box 105168 Second Floor
Atlanta, Georgia, 30348,
United States
855-697-3825
Jun 11, 2021
By
Huawei has been lauding its search engine Petal Search for a while now. It was developed sometime in 2020, and continues to see updates from time to time. The tools, which also runs in other Android phones (Huawei is planning to switch to HarmonyOS for good), is made for Huawei phones running EMUI 10.1 or higher. The latest development from the platform is its collaboration with ecommerce giant Jumia, which will see customers searching for products using Petal Search get a direct link to Jumia for their shopping needs. Huawei calls this a ‘landmark’ partnership, and deservedly so because Petal Search has millions of users. To this end, they will be able to directly access products from the listed ecommerce platform. This is also possible for people using Petal Search on their non-Huawei phones. Besides, Huawei says that it is in the process of concluding a full integration Jumia with Huawei Mobile Services (HMS) that will see millions of customers in Africa download it easily from AppGallery. JumiaPay has also been added to AppGallery. The payments platform allows customers to complete basic services such as airtime purchases, pay bill and redeeming of coupons, among other lifestyle functions. – Jeremy Hodara, co-founder and co-CEO of Jum – Adam Xiao, Managing Director of Huawei Mobile Services in the Middle East and Africa, Huawei Consumer Business Petal in 5 CB Insights research briefs, most recently on Aug.Matthew 1:18-25 (NIV)-15 (N.”
In both of these passages, we learn about Joseph’s character, specifically his obedience. Upon receiving a command from God concerning taking Mary as his wife… and then later taking the child out of danger…he obeyed.
These short passages communicate a lot about Joseph. He receives a command and he obeys. No debating. No delaying. Just immediate and complete obedience. Would Joseph’s obedience bring hardship? Probably. And danger? No doubt. But still, he obeyed. And so must we when we commit to listening to God and following his commands.
Joseph was obedient, but he was also a loyal man. When he made his decision to wed Mary, he knew he would face public ridicule. After all, how could he explain the situation? And who would believe the story anyway? But Joseph was willing to face the critics. If people condemned Mary, they would have to condemn him as well.
Think about this, too: Joseph was also careful to take Mary with him when he went to Bethlehem to register and pay his taxes. He could have gone alone. Her presence wasn’t required. But, Joseph knew that if he left her behind, he would not be able to protect her from further ridicule.
Obedience and loyalty was a way of life for Joseph. So, what can we learn from these passages? We can start by asking ourselves some questions:
Am I caring and sensitive? Do I only look out for myself, or do I have concern about the needs of others?
Am I obedient? Do I seek after the things of God?
Am I loyal? Do I stick by my family and friends during the tough times? Even maybe to suffer ridicule for their sake?
Do I look out for those who are weaker than I am? Do I have a positive moral code?
Learning to do these things will take work. But Joseph gives us a great example. We can only do this through asking God every day for wisdom and for strength.
Thanks for listening!
– Joe and ToddPublished
| Last updated
We’re all hooked on Squid Game, Netflix’s latest dark drama straight from South Korea.
The series sees a group of debt-ridden individuals all forced to play a number of playground games in a bid to win millions of pounds.
You can watch the trailer below.
Whoever fails or loses the tasks are promptly ‘eliminated’ by the workers – that is, shot in the face and reduced to a bloody pulp.
But it’s not just the workers’ stone-hearted killing sprees that have left viewers talking, with their distinct outfits reminding some Squid Game fans of something a little closer to home.
Workers are made distinct from the players for their red hooded jackets and their black masks, which have either a circle, a square or a triangle on.
All I can think about every time I see them. #SquidGame #SquidGames #Netflix pic.twitter.com/cflUtmVKCz— JOONIE (@rm_joonie00) September 23, 2021
And on Twitter, one person has likened the masks to the classic PlayStation controller.
“All I can think about every time I see them,” said Twitter user @rm_joonie00.
They’re clearly not alone in this comparison, with many people flocking to the comments to agree.
“I said the same thing!” one person said, while a second said: “Where is the lie?” before adding a number of cry-laughing emojis.
“Bruh, exactly!” said a third, and a fourth laughed: “Do you think it was intentional?”
This isn’t the only theory doing the rounds about Squid Game workers, with one TikToker linking the roles each person is assigned to the colour cards they choose at the very beginning.
“Lol guys, I have another theory,” TikTok user @lucy.what1 said.
“He asks him [Seong Gi-hun] to choose a colour. He chooses blue, and wakes up as a player.
“What if he had chosen red?”.”
Squid Game is available to view on Netflix.
Featured Image Credit: Netflix
Topics: TV And Film, Netflix
Chosen for YouChosen for You
Most Read StoriesMost ReadDownload Gram Panchayat App Hindi Latest Version 1.1 for Android
In Education by Developer App Creative Works
(/5 average rating on Google Play by users) Last Updated: January 31, 2018
You are downloading Gram Panchayat App Hindi 1.1 APK file for Android smartphones/tablets which requires Android 4.0, 4.0.1, 4.0.2.Gram Panchayat App Hindi is one of the best free Education apps, you should try it.
To start downloading the APK file of Gram Panchayat App Hindi 1.1 make sure you choose one of the server locations below. After downloading the APK file of Gram Panchayat App Hindi.
Gram Panchayat App Hindi is one of the best free Education apps & you are about to download very latest version of Gram Panchayat App Hindi 1.1. So, to start downloading the APK file of Gram Panchayat App Hindi on your Android smartphone, we provide direct download link below for Gram Panchayat App Hindi 1.1.
Gram Panchayat App Hindi Android apps is the property & trademark from App Creative Works and all rights reserved by App Creative Works. You have provided direct downloadable link below to download the original free apk download package.
Please be aware that apktribe.com only share the original and free apk installer package for Gram Panchayat App Hindi 1.1 without any modifications or any alterations within the .apk file package for illegal activities.
Permissions
- Access information about networks
- Open network sockets.
- Write to external storage.
- Access information about wi-fi networks
- Open windows using the type type_system_alert, shown on top of all other applications.
- Get information about the currently or recently running tasks.
- Using powermanager wakelocks to keep processor from sleeping or screen from dimming
Gram Panchayat App Hindi file information
Gram Panchayat App Hindi Change LogNo Change log for this version
Gram Panchayat App Hindi Versions
Download Gram Panchayat App Hindi APK 1.1:
Download APK from secure server >> File size: 6.1
Get Gram Panchayat App Hindi from Google Play StoreDue to the growing problem of unsolicited and unwanted commercial emails, many web mail services (i.e. Yahoo, Hotmail, etc.) and email applications (i.e. Outlook 2003/2007, Mozilla Thunderbird, etc.) have taken measures to automatically filter bulk emails. Unfortunately, these filters end up blocking many newsletters and legitimate emails in addition to spam. My newsletter and updates are not immune, and so these filters may incorrectly block my mailings, preventing it from ever reaching your inbox.
I recommend that you take the simple steps outlined below to help ensure that our mailings actually reach you. Even if you are currently receiving my mailings, I still advise you to follow these recommendations as a way to prevent future problems. Thank you for your time and effort and hope that you will continue to enjoy my newsletters and updates.:
You will need to add my “From address”, MarcosAvellan@MarcosAvellan.com to your AOL address book:
You will need to set up a filter to redirect my mailing into your inbox:
Open your mailbox and click on Mail Options (upper right hand corner).
You will need to add my From address, MarcosAvellan@MarcosAvellan.com, to your Hotmail Safe List:
You will need to add my From addresses, MarcosAvellan@MarcosAvellan.com, to your Gmail Contacts List:
You will need to add my From address, MarcosAvellan@MarcosAvellan.com, to your Thunderbird Address Book and configure your Junk Mail Controls to whitelist your address book.
Add my From address into your Personal Address Book:
You will need to add my From address, MarcosAvellan@MarcosAvellan.com to your Safe Senders list:Cody
Column Removal
19183 Solvers
Swap the first and last columns
14351 Solvers
Dealfun (1.0)
21 Solvers
Algorithmic Trading - 2 (optimize Calmar Ratio)
1 Solvers
Find Logic 21
27 Solvers
Magic array teasing num2cell
The most decentralized RGB colors
Undocumented MATLAB tricks No. 2 - Tell the parfor index
0 Solvers
Volatile array in parfor and for
3 Solvers
Original coordinate of the min element of a subset of elementsHomeward CEO Tim Heyl Homew…Read More →At some point, you will face plumbing problems in your home, which can be costly to fix. However, with the right preparation and knowledge, you can minimize the risk of a plumbing emergency and save time and money.
Image by Rudy and Peter Skitterians
Maintenance neglect and improper use are among the common reasons behind premature system failure. If you want your plumbing system to last for more years without any issues, you should hear out these 5 smart home plumbing tips:
Check regularly for plumbing leaks
A minor leak can easily turn into a full-blown plumbing emergency unless treated immediately. At first sight of leaky or broken water pipes, make sure to call the attention of an emergency plumber right away. According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency, ten percent of homes have leaks that waste 90 gallons or more per day. Dedicating a day each week to find water leaks will help you prevent costly plumbing emergencies and conserve water and energy in your home.
Watch what you flush down the toilet
Do not treat your toilet as a trash bin if you want to avoid stressful clog problems. Everyday items like paper towels and tissues, cotton balls, dental floss, bandages, feminine products, and even flushable wipes should be disposed of properly instead of being flushed down the toilet. These products, although soft, do not break when dissolved in water. Once they go down the pipes, they can form a blockage and cause your toilet to back up.
Avoid the excessive use of chemical drain cleaners
Do you usually use commercial cleaning solutions for clogged house drains? It is time to break that habit to protect your plumbing system. Most commercial cleaners have high chemical content that is harmful to your pipes. To clear minor drain clogs, practice the use of plungers instead.
Insulate your pipes in winter
Burst pipes are very common in winter. They happen when pipes freeze after being left exposed to the cold. According to HomeGuide, pipe bursting repair costs $100 to $200 per foot, with most spending between $400 and $1,500 total. Aside from that, you also have to pay for the water damage cleanup and repair that cost around $1,000 to $2,000. You can avoid this plumbing disaster by not forgetting to insulate your pipes before the cold winter wind blows.
Schedule professional routine plumbing maintenance
To keep your plumbing system’s health in check, make sure to hire a professional routine maintenance service. While there are basic plumbing maintenance tasks you can do on your own, it is still important to hire a pro to check on the system. There might be hidden component issues that only a licensed plumber can detect. Prevent a minor plumbing problem from escalating by calling your trusted local plumbing company today.
Hire a licensed plumber today
By providing your plumbing system with proper care and maintenance, you can help extend its service life by many more years. Make sure you have a trustworthy plumber on your speed dial. Connect with a pro today!With the very recent advent of equity crowdfunding, start-up businesses now have the opportunity to receive funding by offering and selling securities to the general public. In order to govern this new method of a securities transaction, the SEC issued Regulation CF (for CrowdFunding).
In a bulletin published by the SEC concerning the advertisement of crowdfunded investments, it stated that “[c]ompanies may not offer crowdfunding investments to [potential investors] directly—they must use a broker-dealer or a funding portal.”[i] To further protect investors, these “intermediaries” must be registered with the SEC and also be a member of FINRA.[ii]
Rule 302(c) of Regulation CF goes into greater detail about what is required of intermediaries who are using promoters.
- Intermediaries must inform investors when the account opens that any paid promoter of securities “must clearly disclose in all communications on the platform the receipt of the compensation and the fact that he or she is engaging in promotional activities on behalf of the issuer.”[iii]
- “[P]romoters will also be required to comply with Section 17(b) of the Securities Act, which requires promoters to fully disclose to investors the receipt, whether past or prospective, of consideration and the amount of that compensation.”[iv]
These measures are intended to protect investors from being unduly influenced to purchase securities by paid promoters whom the investors believed were an unbiased third party.[v]
[i]
[iii]See Section 4(c)(3) of the adopting release of the SEC’s Regulation Crowdfunding, available at.
[v] For an interesting article on what can happen when a paid promoter doesn’t disclose his compensation see.ShowSort by
Particulate matter removal by ecosystems matters: introduction of an improved model, applied to a Scots pine stand
Litterfall and leaf litter decomposition in a central African tropical mountain forest and Eucalyptus plantation(2014) FOREST ECOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT. 326. p.109-116
Hemiparasitic litter additions alter gross nitrogen turnover in temperate semi-natural grassland soils(2014) SOIL BIOLOGY & BIOCHEMISTRY. 68. p.419-428
Plant movements and climate warming: intraspecific variation in growth responses to nonlocal soils(2014) NEW PHYTOLOGIST. 202(2). p.431-441
Influence of canopy budget model approaches on atmospheric deposition estimates to forests(2013) BIOGEOCHEMISTRY. 116(1-3). p.215-229
Increased fungal dominance in N₂O emission hotspots along a natural pH gradient in organic forest soil(2013) BIOLOGY AND FERTILITY OF SOILS. 49(6). p.715-721
Improved ecological network analysis for environmental sustainability assessment: a case study on a forest ecosystem
Edge effects on soil acidification in forests on sandy soils under high deposition load(2013) WATER AIR AND SOIL POLLUTION. 224(6).The Gators have hired a new offensive coordinator who will be with them through the playoffs
Yesterday, reports showed that Florida wanted Charlie Weis as the offensive coordinator. Today, he is just that.
Charlie Weis was offered the job as the offensive coordinator at Florida and he accepted. A full announcement is expected on Monday.
Weis was the former offensive coordinator for the New England Patriots and he is currently with the Kansas City Chiefs. He was also a coach at Notre Dame for five seasons from 2005-2009, a job he was fired from. He had a 35-27 record while at Notre Dame and two Bowl Championship Series.
Weis will be introduced to the Gator’s offensive coordinator tomorrow.
The Kansas City Chiefs currently lead the NFL with rushing and they rank ninth in total offense. The Chiefs are headed to the playoffs and Weis will stay with them through the playoffs.
He won’t start recruiting for at least a week, but he will be able to start calling recruits. Aside from recruiting he will also be calling the plays.
Hiring Weis does come with some risks. He comes with some health issues. He has a bad knee, an incident where one if his Notre Dame players ran into him during a game and tore his ACL. It’s so bad that he has had times when he can barely walk.
Also he has struggled with his weight. He had gastric bypass surgery back in 2002. He was able to loose 90 lbs, but slipped into a coma after the procedure. He sued for malpractice, but lost.Spring is on its way! Many of us are transitioning our decor from the cool tones of winter to the warm and bright colors that spring brings. One all-time decor favorite for any season is a wreath. It is a great way to incorporate elements of the season into your decor and use it indoors and out – it’s completely up to you. Keep reading for some great DIY spring wreath ideas you can try.
Traditional Green Spring Wreath
If you are new to wreath-making, it may be a good idea to start with some simpler projects that require fewer steps but ultimately capture that great spring feel. Start by purchasing or reusing some of the holiday wreaths and garland that you may already have. With garland, you can simply wrap it around a metal or foam wreath form. But if you already have a wreath, you get to skip all the hard work and go straight to the decorating. Get creative and pick out some fun decorations from your local craft store to fit the season. Try using things like small butterflies or flowers to glue or pin around the entire wreath for a quick and easy spring-themed design.
Embroidery Loop Wreath
Another unique wreath idea to try is one using an embroidery loop. You can create a minimalist-styled wreath by hot-gluing some simple pastel-colored flowers to one section of the loop. Some also customize it by adding their own wood lettering across the loop, too. Or, if you want to incorporate your own embroidery into your wreath design, embroider the bottom half of the loop’s fabric and then cut away the top half. Then, glue your own flowers or accents to the back of the embroidered fabric and when hanging, it will look as if the flowers and accents are coming out of the embroidered “pocket” you created.
Rope-Wrapped Wreath
Not every great wreath must include the typical green base that many use. Instead, you can create your own wreath base by wrapping jute rope around a foam wreath form. You can use a standard wrap-around technique or try making a woven wreath with a metal wreath form. Whichever you choose, keep a hot glue gun handy to help hold the rope tightly together. After creating the base, add different brightly-colored spring elements like bows, butterflies, or gingham ribbon.
Non-Traditional Wreath
Although these DIY Wreaths are great ones to try, don’t limit yourself to the expected circular wreath that you see on everyone’s front door. Get creative with the shape of your wreath and make it your own. If you have a religious background or celebrate Easter, you can make a cross-shaped “wreath”, too! After nailing together two small pieces of wood, you can customize your “wreath” and decorate it however you’d like. Try placing some flowers vertically down the cross and some smaller ones across horizontally. Then, take some rope or string to tie around the center of the cross for the flowers’ security. Hide the rope by adding a large bow to the center of the cross and there you have it! You can add small touches like branches and leaves to give the “wreath” a more rustic feel. But, play around with different wreath types like hearts, stars and even elaborate shapes like a bunny.
These are only a few of the many spring wreaths that are out there for you to try. Get creative with your designs and think outside the box! Comment below your favorite wreath and how you would implement it in your own home!Bronco 205 Report post Posted January 29 (edited) Against Cal Baptist and Cal Poly. Namely Jackson DiSario at 125 lbs, Requir van der Merwe at 157 lbs and Tyler Eischens at 165 lbs. Have to wonder why isn't Real Woods in the starting lineup and where was Shane Griffith yesterday? Edited January 29 by Bronco Quote Share this post Link to post Share on other sitesSchool: University studying for Bachelors in Chemical Engineering
Birthday: January 24, 2000
Hobby: Studying
Favorite School Subjects: Agriculture
Family History: Grace is from a family of four children. Her parents are alive, but have unfortunately refused to care for Grace and her siblings. Thus, they stay with Grace’s elderly grandmother who is unable to provide support due to lack of education and sustained employment. Grace is a very hardworking student and wants to become a doctor. She completed her freshman year of high school with support from the local social welfare office. Unfortunately, the social welfare office cut funding for Grace’s tuition. With EKARI’s support Grace can now continue her education.
Learn more about Sponsoring a Student in MalawiWhy Skrill
The Skrill payment gateway allows you to accept payments via credit cards, debit cards, local payment methods and more than 80 banks globally.
Together with Afterbuy, Skrill offers a fully integrated payment solution, which is quick and easy to install giving you access to all the latest features so you can begin accepting payments within hours.
View our guide
Payment flow
Multicurrency account for easier management of 40+ currencies
Redirect functionality
Instant settlement
Enhanced reporting and transaction status viewingSorted by Relevance | Sort by Date
18 Dec 2015, 8:28 am
Groove, a Baltimore-based creative marketing, web design and development agency, announced the addition of Allison Draper as a designer. [read post]
21 May 2021, 3:03 pm
Larry Hogan appointed Baltimore resident Allison Banks to the Maryland Legal Services Corporation’s nine-member board of directors. [read post]
5 May 2021, 4:14 pm
Northrop Realty, A Long & Foster Company, added real estate professional Allison Stine serving the Delaware and Maryland coastal region. [read post]
2 Feb 2021, 12:25 pm
Allison Siegel was named new chief operating officer of Culta, a craft quality producer of cannabis flower and cannabis extracts. [read post]
7 May 2010, 3:36 am
14 Oct 2014, 1:08 pm
Working with Dave Schwartz, Allison and Lemley recently completed an updated (and much expanded) version of their 1998 study. [read post]
14 Oct 2014, 1:08 pm
Working with Dave Schwartz, Allison and Lemley recently completed an updated (and much expanded) version of their 1998 study. [read post]
21 Jan 2021, 5:52 pm
14 Nov 2008, 10:52 am
The report also points out that this might not happen; it all depends on what Allison Engine really means. [read post]
24 Feb 2015, 6:08 am
Joseph, Greenwald & Laake P.A. has promoted Allison McFadden from staff attorney to associate of the law firm. [read post]
2 Feb 2021, 12:52 pm
The post Acting Chair Allison Herren Lee Announces Executive Staff appeared first on SECLaw.com. [read post]
27 Mar 2009, 3:46 pm
10 Sep 2015, 8:27 am
The Associated: Jewish Community Federation of Baltimore recently named Leslie Pomerantz chief development officer and Allison Baumwald the senior vice president of its annual campaign. [read post]
15 May 2007, 5:45 am
Kendall, III, John Marshall Law School, reviews MILITARY JUSTICE IN VIETNAM: THE RULE OF LAW IN AN AMERICAN WAR by William Thomas Allison (University Press of Kansas, 2006) in the Law and Politics Book Review, asking whether it is the "'Root' of the problem in Iraq today that there are lessons from Vietnam not yet learned? [read post]
9 Mar 2021, 5:00 am
Allison Siegel was named new chief operating officer of CULTA, a craft quality producer of cannabis flower and cannabis extracts. [read post]
14 Oct 2016, 2:27 pm
Long & Foster Real Estate is proud to announce Mike Allison, an associate broker with the company’s Easton office, has received the Golden Hammer Award from Habitat for Humanity Choptank. [read post]
5 Oct 2020, 8:30 am
10 Mar 2008, 10:44 am
9 Jul 2021, 6:29 am
Real property – Foreclosure sale — Ratification Phyllis Allison, appellant, appeals from an order issued by the Circuit Court for Prince George’s County ratifying the foreclosure sale of her real property. [read post]]The new product will bring ease and affordability to OSINT investigators
AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS, May 5, 2021 /EINPresswire.com/ — Social Links, a Netherlands-based IT company, providing OSINT solutions for law enforcement divisions, cybersecurity operations, and major corporations worldwide, is pleased to announce the launch of its new online platform for open-source investigations: Gamayun. Having successfully concluded the test period for the beta version of the solution, the full commercial version of the all-new Gamayun will finally become available to customers from May 5, 2021.
This innovative platform has been specially developed as a highly convenient solution for conducting open-source investigations across a range of user types, being suitable not just for OSINT professionals, but also novices and independent investigators, for whom the use of OSINT technologies and tools needs to be simple and accessible.
Gamayun has been painstakingly designed to meet these requirements: featuring advanced data extraction technologies which deliver the most dynamic methods for conducting open-source investigations using a web-based format, which has been specifically optimized to simplify investigations, run quick analyses, gain relevant reports, and deliver a user-experience of maximum convenience and effectiveness.
The central features include the ability to extract specific information from social networks, analyze connections between people, and generate instant reports on all completed work, which provides useful investigative documentation, and summaries which trace the user’s OSINT activities. Other features are soon to be added, such as the ability to search for a subject by geolocation and visualize result data on timelines and maps.
“This product has been designed to celebrate the central ideas and values of OSINT. With the exponential growth of open data in recent years, the utility of open-source investigation has become increasingly apparent, encompassing a variety of fields and objectives, as well as an ever-broadening user-base including professionals as well as OSINT beginners and independent investigators. In developing Gamayun, we have distilled our extensive experience in developing commercial OSINT products with our profound and responsive attention to customer feedback and user experience, to create a solution that makes working with open data no more difficult than ordering pizza or using Uber.”
– Social Links CEO Andrey Kulikov.
The Gamayun online platform will have great utility in areas such as human resources, corporate security, law enforcement, media and journalism, insurance, independent private investigations, and other fields which require verification and information extraction from open data. The product’s modern and intuitive web interface not only allows the user to work faster more effectively but also makes the product more universal, as it requires no special certificates or professional OSINT skills, representing a fulfillment of our mission with Gamayun: to make a sphere which is usually considered the exclusive domain of professionals, available for all.
About Social Links
Social Links is a software developer dedicated to creating cutting-edge open-source intelligence tools for conducting investigations in a wide variety of publicly available sources, including social media and open platforms, public databases, darknet and deep web, blockchain networks, and many others. The solutions are packed with ML-powered models, allowing the user to make connections between individuals, companies, internet accounts, and activities. The company’s product line comprises the Maltego add-on – Social Links Pro, custom and private corporate solutions, the standalone enterprise-grade Social Links Box, and Gamayun – a web-based solution for instant digital investigations. All of these solutions are widely used by law enforcement agencies and corporations around the world.
Website:
Contacts:
– Natalia Grebeniuk
Head of Communications
natalia.grebeniuk@sociallinks.io
– Gleb Sychev
CMO
gleb@sociallinks.io
Gleb Sychev
Social Links
Visit us on social media:
Twitter
Source: EIN Presswire

Woodland, California
Yolo County Public Agency Risk Management Insurance Authority
4 Days Ago
Seattle, Washington
University of Washington
6 Days Ago
University of Washington
1 Week Ago
Ft. Lauderdale, Florida
Broward County Public Schools
1 Week Ago
Southern Methodist University
1 Week Ago
Minneapolis, Minnesota
University of Minnesota, Twin Cities
1 Week Ago
Wilmington, North Carolina
University of North Carolina Wilmington
1 Week Ago
Oconomowoc, Wisconsin
McPherson & Jacobson, L.L.C.
1 Week Ago
Norfolk, Virginia
Tidewater Community College
1 Week Ago
Full-Time Assistant Director for PK12 Partnerships and International Programing - Northern Essex Community College
Haverhill, Massachusetts
Northern Essex Community College
1 Week Ago
Berkeley, California
University of California Berkeley
2 Weeks Ago
Port Arthur, Texas
Diocese of Beaumont
2 Weeks Ago
MD Paper
MD Notebook Diary 2022 - A5
Based on the MD Notebook, this diary is simple and easy to use to stimulate your creativity.
With plenty of blank space and a simple, easy-to-use format, this diary is ideal for jotting down your ideas and inspirations.
This diary includes block type monthly schedule pages and pages divided into eight sections across a two-page spread for use as a weekly schedule. There are also blank pages.
You can record your year even more vividly by writing down your daily inspirations on sheets of MD Sticky Memo Pad and attaching them to the pages.
These pages are designed so that you can combine your monthly plans with notes, to-do items and sketches of your ideas.
The note pages are divided into eight sections across a two-page spread, to make your weekly diary extra flexible.
- A5
- H210×W148×D10mm
- 2 pages : Annual calendar /
- 28 pages : Monthly schedule (December 2021 - January 2023) /113 pages : 8 divided memo (the width of ruled line 7mm) /32 pages : plain memo … Total 175 pages
- Cover: Paraffin Paper
- Bookmark string / Label stickers / Thread-stitched book-binding
Bookmark your favorite videos and websites of the internet
video games
Hide More Tags
Article Ted - News
Social Bookmarking since 2007
Place your ad here!
blog book reviews books comic books comics dystopian literature film reviews glazing graphic novels home security literature pest control plumbing video games
With Video Bookmark you are able to save and embed your favorite videos and websites of the internet easily, fast and from each computer connected to the internet. Manage your personal video links and make them viewable for all users or only for yourself.led early, tracked leaders, lost place on inside over 5f out, headway from 2f out, led 1f out, clear inside final furlong, comfortably
mid-division, headway over 1f out, went 2nd inside final furlong, ran on, unable to trouble winner
soon led, ridden and headed 1f out, stayed on same pace inside final furlong
tracked leaders, switched right and effort over 1f out, edged left inside final furlong, stayed on
held up in rear, headway over 1f out, never on terms
took keen hold, prominent, driven over 1f out, weakened inside final furlong
held up in touch on outside, ridden over 2f out, lost place when carried right over 1f out, weakened
mid-division, took keen hold, ridden and brief effort over 1f out, no impression, weakened final furlong
held up in touch, took keen hold, weakened over 1f out
ridden away from stalls, soon prominent, lost place over 1f out, weakened
held up towards rear, ridden and well beaten over 1f out
slowly away, headway on outside over 4f out, ridden over 3f out, soon weakened
NonrunnerQuestionnaires & Study Data
The AHS cohort includes 89655 private pesticide applicators (mostly farmers), spouses of private applicators, and commercial pesticide applicators recruited in Iowa and North Carolina (Table 1). Participants were recruited from 1993 to 1997. Active follow-up efforts were conducted in 1999-2003 (Phase 2), 2005-2010 (Phase 3) and 2013-2015 (Phase 4).. Active follow-up in Phases 3 and 4 was limited to private applicators and spouses who had done at least one prior cohort activity besides completing the enrollment questionnaire (participants with more extensive exposure data, mostly in agricultural settings), and questionnaires updated information on farming practices, lifestyle, and health. Phase 3 was completed by 46% of enrolled private applicators and 61% of enrolled spouses. Phase 4 was completed by follow up 47% of the enrolled private applicators and 61% of enrolled spouses. All enrolled applicators (private and commercial) and spouses are passively followed for cancer and mortality through registry linkages.
Questionnaires Used in the AHS
Phase 1
- Enrollment, Commercial Applicator (PDF, 500 KB)
- Enrollment, Private Applicator (PDF, 1.8 MB)
- Take-Home Applicator (PDF, 2 MB)
- Female & Family Health (PDF, 680 KB)
- Spouse (PDF, 842 KB)
Phase 2
- Commercial Applicator (PDF, 222 KB)
- Cooking Practices Module (PDF, 384 KB)
- Diet History Questionnaire (PDF, 4.2 MB)
- Follow-up Health for Women (Version A) (PDF, 524 KB)
- Follow-up Health for Women (Version B) (PDF, 562 KB)
- Follow-up Health for Women (Version C - applicator) (PDF, 504 KB)
- Follow-up Health for Women (Version C - spouse) (PDF, 760 KB)
- Health Module Men (PDF, 300 KB)
- Pesticide information.
Applicators were asked to complete two questionnaires—one that was filled out at a pesticide training/licensing location and one to be filled out at home and mailed back. While over 80% of licensed applicators enrolled in the study by completing the on-site form, only 44% returned the second questionnaire. Although the content was similar with respect to exposures, the second questionnaire obtained more detailed information one some pesticides, as well as some details of medical history and information on some covariates (e.g., BMI).
Private applicators were also given questionnaires to be filled out by their spouse, and 75% of married spouses completed them to enroll. Women who enrolled (both spouses and female applicators) were asked to complete a Female and Family Health questionnaire that obtained reproductive histories and information about children; 60% of female participants completed it.
Phase 2 (1999-2003) and Phase 3 (2005-2010) Follow-up Questionnaires
These phases involved computer-assisted telephone interviews to obtain information on current pesticide use, potential confounders, and medical history.
In Phase 2, exposure questions were similar for applicators and spouses, and the health questionnaires varied slightly by gender and age. A total of 67% of the total cohort completed questionnaires. In addition, participants who completed the follow-up survey were asked to complete a self-completed food frequency questionnaire (the NCI Diet History Questionnaire, with added items on cooking practices). About 39% of the cohort completed the diet questionnaire. Buccal cell samples (for DNA) were also collected from 39% of the total cohort.
In Phase 3, a common instrument was used for better integration of data for applicators and spouses. Eligibility for Phase 3 was limited to private applicators (mostly farmers) and spouses who had done at least one prior cohort activity besides completing the enrollment questionnaire. Approximately 60% of eligible applicators and 66% of spouses completed Phase 3 (about 49% of the total cohort).
Phase 4 (2013-2015) Follow-Up Questionnaire
This follow-up focuses on updating important covariates such as farming status, smoking and family history of disease and non-cancer chronic diseases, including diseases of aging.
Approximately 70,000 Phase 3 eligible private applicators and spouses were invited to participate regardless of whether they participated in the Phase 3 interview. For the first time, data were also collected from next-of-kin for participants who were incapacitated or deceased. The data collection was done primarily by self-administered mailed questionnaires and computer assisted telephone interviews. Approximately 61% of eligible participants or their proxies completed the Phase 4 survey (about 46% of the total cohort).
Table 1: AHS Cohort-wide Data CollectionI introduced your music to a Christian pastor who runs a school for kids with learning abilities. He has been playing it continually and reported to me that there has somehow been an amazing change in the atmosphere as a result of the music!
Grace, Singapore
Instrumental • Soaking • Calming
也有可能在中国
Psalm 23:1
The Lord is my shepherd, I lack nothing.
He makes me lie down in green pastures,
He leads me beside quiet waters,
He refreshes my soul.
Every time I listen to your music, I feel like a burden is lifted off of my shoulders. I especially love the prayer album 'Circa Divina', hearing Gods truth over my life. I notice that it even has changed my prayer life as I embrace these deep truths of His love into my own life. Thank you so much for your music!
Ruth, Canada
Christian Instrumental Music - Bart de Krijger - Rest - Calming - Peace - Soaking - Contemplative Prayer - Holy Spirit - God - Jesus
Isaiah 30:15
Only in returning to Me
and resting in Me will you be saved.
In quietness and confidence
is your strength.
Matthew 11:28
Come to Me, all of you who are weary
and carry heavy burdens,
and I will give you rest.>>.
My son is very happy
I do not play such games. I believe in outdoor games only..No connection with online games.
My son Ethan loves so much and I did it for him
Age of God, his favorite and I am nil on this..But his happiness is quite enough for me and so I like this site EuroGrand,
Though I don't like digital games but differently buy some more games again.<<Showing Collections: 1 - 8 of 8
Collection
Poems written by Elizabeth Jennings
Manuscript poems by Elizabeth Jennings, 1963-1969.
Extents: 0.12 Linear metres (2 boxes)
Dates: 1963-1969 7
- Literature 2
- Poems 1
- Poetry 5
- Poetry -- 20th century 1
- Poets 4
- Poets, English -- 20th century -- Correspondence
- Jennings | Elizabeth Joan | 1926-2001 | poet 1
- Pitter | Ruth | 1897-1992 | poet 4Plywood Xmas Tree
$45.00 – $150.00 inc GST
Plywood Xmas Tree.
Makes a great retail and hospitality display solution – and why not get one for home too!
A Christmas tree of substance – available in a variety of sizes. Just select your preferred tree height from the list below.
Easy to assemble from just 3 pieces (no tools required) – also comes apart easily for storage and reuse next year.Many people are engaged in the gambling world and always keeps on finding new platforms for this purpose. Due to a lack of proper knowledge about the download of different platforms, people face huge problems. Gamblers should learn about all types of downloads and many other related elements so that they can have a safe and secure different platform for gambling. You might have to think about a new site; then, you drop the idea as you find it confusing and difficult to download.
Usually, the process of 888poker download is not as hard as you think it is only about your understanding. There are some people who love to grab new benefits from different sites, but due to lack of knowledge, they don’t grab it. It is important for all the people to have proper knowledge about something so that they won’t face any difficulty with that particular task. Never feel demotivated; it will only decrease your confidence in doing something new always remain up-to-date so that you can have more confidence and motivation.
If you want to know why people should opt for downloads of the new platforms for gambling, you need to pay attention to the following details.
Further Details
When a person opts for an online poker site for gambling purposes, their main aim is to know about the site first and then consider it. The 888poker download provides people with huge benefits and rewards, which they can’t get from any other site by playing poker. It would be great if you think that poker is the best game for gambling as it includes a wide range of variants which allows people to have more profits. You should pay attention to the following points if you want to know about its benefits and importance.
Provides Special Bonuses and Offers
- When a person opts for 888poker, they tend to get much more exclusive bonuses and offers than any other online site. It mainly includes reward points, promotions, and many more advantages that a person can take from it. It would be great for all the players to have those experiences which they have never had before.
- Usually, when gamblers prefer to consider an online site, their main motive is to know about multiple website elements. All the bettors must earn as much as profits they want to grab from the online site so that they can easily become richer.
Easy Access to Multiple Games
- It is another reason which will help you to know why people should consider 888poker as it helps them to get easy access to multiple games. The site’s name will show that it is mainly for poker, but there are huge variants available, which are the parts of poker.
- When a person opts for 888poker download, it allows them to earn those benefits they can’t earn from any other site. More variants you will be having, the more you will get chances of earning more profits. Always remember that you are not less than anyone, so try to be smart enough to get all the major benefits that you can easily grab.
More Profits
- You might know that all the gamblers’ main motive when they get connected to an online site is to earn much more profits. The same thing players can expect from 888poker is that it provides them with much more profits than they can even dream of. If you are new to the gambling world and love to get engaged in poker, you should consider 888poker as it is the best site for poker playing.
- This site helps you have such various poker variants that you can’t get from any other site. If you are not that much expert in poker like other players, then 888poker will be the best option for you as it allows you to learn poker along with getting into it. You should first improve your skills of playing poker and then consider the betting on it. It will makes you suffer fewer losses and earn more profits.
Final Verdict
If you are so curious about 888poker download, you should first check out some positive points about it to have some more confidence in considering it. If you think that you are not eligible for this game and can’t play it, then no need to worry as 888poker will help you improve your skills. Remember that you are not less than anyone, and if you do so, you can make your loss, not anyone else.Alpha
Complete Phytosome Bundle – Powder SetImmune Support, Anti-Inflammatory, +2
$237.90Respiratory Support, Immune Support, Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory
Copper Bisglycinate – Powder, 1gBone Support, Antioxidant, +2 $9.99Skin/Hair, Heart/Vessels, Bone Support, Antioxidant
DL-Phenylalanine – Powder, 200gPain Management, Brain/Nerves, +2 $19.99Pain Management, Mood, Energy, Brain/Nerves
Ginkgo Biloba Extract | 24%+ GFGs, 6%+ Lactones – Powder, 10gBrain/Nerves, Anti-Inflammatory, +2 $12.99Memory, Brain/Nerves, Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory
Honokiol (Magnolia Bark Extract) – Powder, 10gAntioxidant, Mood, +2 $33.99Sleep, Pain Management, Mood, Antioxidant
L-Glutathione Reduced – Powder, 30gAntioxidant, Healthy Aging, +2 $17.99Skin/Hair, Immune Support, Healthy Aging, Antioxidant
NAD+ (Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide) – Powder, 10gHealthy Aging, Brain/Nerves, +2 $39.99Pain Management, Healthy Aging, Foundational,Now Building
Washington Township, OH 45458
Estimated Mortgage: $2,574 Barrett is a beautiful family home, offering exterior elevation options with brick and covered front porches you will love. Upon entering, you are greeted by a formal dining room with an optional tray ceiling. As you pass the staircase, you’ll find a spacious 2-story family room with an optional coffered ceiling that is open to the breakfast area and kitchen with a large center island. The laundry room and a bulk storage area are convenient to the garage entrance, providing tons of space for shoes and coats from the moment you get home. Your home will be tidier than ever! The second floor boasts a huge owner’s suite with an optional tray ceiling, large bathroom, and walk-in closet. There are also 3 other bedrooms and a full bath on the second floor. It’s the perfect floorplan for you! Contact us today for more information on this single-family floorplan! This home features: Covered Front Porch Formal Dining Room Optional Tray Ceiling 2-Story Family Room First Floor Laundry Large Owner’s Bathroom MLS# 851569
M/I Homes features these quality brands in their new homes. Click a logo to see more!
Now Building
This home is currently under construction at 10001 Washington Glen Drive and will soon be available for move-in at Washington Glen. Contact M/I Homes today to lock in your options!
10010 Washington Glen Drive
Washington Township, OH 45458
Washington Glen is an amenity-rich community of new homes for sale in Washington Township, Ohio. Located off of Yankee Street, this community is perfectly situated just minutes from I-75 and I-71, making for an easy commute throughout the Dayton and greater Cincinnati area! Amenities
Tired of being cooped up in the house with the kids? Take them to the community playground for a day of fun and chance to meet some neighbors. Your pet will love your evening walks on the trails interspersed throughout this new community of Washington Township homes for sale, weaving past sparking single-story homes for sale in Washington Township, Ohio offer a variety of craftsman-style designs complemented by large covered front porches. Our villa floorplans boast open-concept kitchens and family rooms, spacious owner’s suites with luxury baths and walk-in closets, and a variety of options to make your home your own. Build one of these new homes on a slab or basement homesite—the choice is yours!
If you’re searching for new homes in Dayton, Ohio with maintenance-free living, our paired villa homes are perfect for you! These single-story homes include lawn care, flower... More Info About Washington Glen
Schools Near Washington GlenContent Related To: ecuador
- All
- destination inspiration
- 5 reasons why the Galapagos should be on your radar for a luxury yacht charter
Boasting a rich abundance of wildlife, enchanting island sanctuaries and tantalizing stretches of pristine beaches, not to mention inspiring Charles Darwin’s ground-breaking theories of evolution, the Galapagos is the perfect destination for yacht charter adventures off the beaten track. This rugged volcanic archipelago is made up of a chain of 13 major islands and numerous smaller islands and islets, and is home to some of the most diverse plant and animal species on the planet, both above and below the water.Institute for Far Eastern Studies (IFES)
NK Brief No. 09-2-26-1
2/26/2009
It has been reported that 2-3 day’s worth of special rations were issued to parts of North Pyongan and South Hwanghae provinces, including to those North Koreans working in the Kaesong Industrial Complex, to mark the February 16 birthday of Kim Jong Il.
For families with more than four members, 2 kilograms of rice and 2 kilograms of noodles, with corn making up the rest of the rations. Smaller families received a kilogram each of rice and noodles, in addition to corn. Recently, rations have been in very short supply, even on farms, so North Koreans have been very much looking forward to these special rations.
Since last year, the number of guards stationed at farms was increased sharply, along with increasingly more intrusive house searches, as the theft and consumption of food by those living on the farms was banned. Over the past few years, as the state failed to provide steady rations to the farmers and families on the agricultural plots, these farmers began stealing rice from the cooperative farms as a means to maintain their lifestyles.
However, in November and December of last year, inspections were carried out in cities and districts as grain management on farms was strengthened, leading to an increase in theft of foodstuffs. Those caught stealing would be dragged in front of labor authorities and often sentenced to confinement.
The districts receiving these special rations were all specifically chosen by North Korean authorities. Hweryong City, in North Hamgyong Province, is the hometown of Kim Jong Il’s mother, Kim Jong Sook, while the Samjiyon district, in Yanggang Province, is where Kim Jong Il claims to have been born. Kaesong was thought to have been chosen in order to propagandize the rations to the outside world.
One source reported that in 2006, an anti-socialist group emerged in the city of Hweryong, and that leaders of citizen groups were appealing, “It is difficult to live in our mother (Kim Jong Sook)’s hometown…Let’s all flee to China,” and since Kim Jong Il became aware of the uprising, special rations have been given on holidays and other special occasions. That said, currently, Kim Jong Il’s practice of gift giving continues to be aimed at the leading class in the North, with city and district Party secretaries also receiving gifts, along with central Party authorities. Gifts are also provided to state heroes and model laborers.
See previous posts on Kim’s birthday rations here.
See photos of Birthday rations from the Daily NK here.
After i retweet this topic,
I was so amazed because they are a lots of comments and appreciation about this topic.
Very nice! Post!“I have never before heard of anything like it,” said head physician Lars-Göran Holtby of the Gävle hospital to daily Aftonbladet.
The 30-year-old woman was having surgery to remove a small growth of bone close to her hip, apart from which she was completely healthy, wrote the paper.
But instead of just removing the growth, the surgeon allegedly chiseled away the entire hip joint, and put it on the operating table before the mistake was discovered.
The surgeon and the other physicians who were called in to try to solve the problem then attempted to re-attach the joint with metal plates and screws.
However, the woman developed an infection from the procedure and the hip never healed properly, causing doctors to later have to fit her with a prosthesis.
A spokesperson for the hospital’s orthopedic section, Åsa Linnea Davidsson, told Aftonbladet that the surgeon is devastated with the mistake, which was explained as a “misjudgement regarding the woman’s anatomy”, according to the paper.
“I deeply regret what has happened. It is a very serious health care injury,” she told Aftonbladet.
The incident has been reported to the National Board of Health and Welfare (Socialstyrelsen), in accordance with Lex Maria, the informal name for regulations governing the reporting of injuries or incidents in the Swedish health care system.
The Local/rm
Follow The Local on Twitter
Member comments.
With the ebb and flow of COVID-19 cases, it has become clear that some trends, like app-based ordering and delivery, are here to stay, while some volatility in demand will continue to plague the industry. For many food businesses, this means that heightened agility will remain key as the whiplash felt during the early months of the pandemic may continue. Furthermore, as COVID-19 cases surge, businesses will be required to maintain heightened precautions around consumer safety, in addition to ensuring worker health. In a recent FoodSafetyTech interview, Industry & Solution Strategy Director for Food & Beverage at Infor Mikael Bengtsson states:
.”
The COVID-19 pandemic has shown that members of the food industry cannot operate in isolation: each node in the food system can impact the health of the entities it does business with. While resources are limited, businesses should be supporting their suppliers in taking extra precautions and monitoring compliance to important regulations responsible for food safety and sanitization. Employing new tactics such as remote auditing can help improve compliance with suppliers while reducing exposure risk. Building towards greater transparency through supply chain interoperability will also be key for improving agility. Bengtsson says:
.”
Earlier this fall, the FDA released a proposed traceability rule under FSMA section 204 to further push the industry towards interoperability. Consumer desire for more transparent food, paired with this regulatory pressure and the tremendous need to be adaptive in light of a prolonged pandemic all point to transformation coming to the food industry.
Resources
Don't miss FoodLogiQ's upcoming demo on virtual audits, taking place October 21st. View FoodLogiQ's COVID-19 Food Industry Resource Center for industry-specific updates, resources and information on the coronavirus crisis. For supply chain traceability and risk mitigation guidance, see our general Resource Center.
Read more of the latest:
- Going Virtual: Conducting 1st, 2nd and 3rd Party Audits Remotely | FoodLogiQ
- New Study From Ipsos Unveils Brands Best Adopting In-Store Pickup, Curbside, and Delivery Offerings | Ipsos
- Why the Food Supply Chain Needs a Technology Makeover | Food Dive
- Bringing the Store to Our Door | IFT
- As COVID-19 Stresses Food Suppliers, Technology Steps in | FoodSafetyTech
- Conagra CEO on Pursuing the Relentlessly Changing Consumer | Consumer Brands Association
- Will Panera Customers Care about Carbon Transparency? | Fast Casual
- Driscoll's and Plenty Agree to Grow Strawberries Indoors | The Packer
- Sauer Brands, Inc. Voluntarily Recalls Certain The Spice Hunter Products Because of Potential Salmonella Contamination
- Appreciation of the Food and Agriculture Sector Increases, Following Years of Decline | Wageningen University and Research
- Del Monte Launches Pink-Fleshed Pineapples | FreshFruitPortal.comPages that link to "Moorhuhn Game by Eyes Video"
From COGAIN: Communication by Gaze Interaction (hosted by the COGAIN Association)Jump to navigationJump to search
The following pages link to Moorhuhn Game by Eyes Video:View (previous 50 | next 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
- Video Moorhuhn by eyes (redirect page) (← links)
- COGAIN Videos (← links)My very own peanut butter cream cheese
I should have made this over the weekend as I had the ingredients sitting in the fridge for days but I was busy and never had the time to do it. But today, I had to scrape off my last tub clean and I'm not done eating so I had no recourse but make it. I used 3/4 cup creamy unsalted peanut butter, a cup of confectioner's sugar and cream cheese (mixture or light and regular). I didn't intend to use the regular cream cheese but it was so bland and I can't taste the familiar slightly tangy and creamy flavor that the regular cream cheese have. Hence the addition of another 8 ounce package and the spread finally came to life. BTW, I was told that my version tastes better than TJ's - no offense meant as it is my favorite store. I had to give what's left in the jar to my boss coz she really loves it. Here's the recipe:
Peanut Butter Cream Cheese
Ingredients:
1 pkg light cream cheese
1 pkg regular cream cheese
1/3 cup cream peanut butter
1 cup confectioner's sugar
Method:
The peanut butter and cream cheese should be at room temperature. Put cream cheese and peanut butter in a mixing bowl and beat using an electric mixer till well incorporated. Sift the confectioner's sugar and add into the mix. Beat until creamy and there are no more traces of the confectioner's sugar. Taste if the sweetness is to your liking. The peanut butter shouldn't be overpowering and the cream cheese still taste still there with just a little sweetness. Store in jar or container and don't forget to refrigerate when not in use. Serve with bread, apples, bananas, celery sticks or crackers.
ooo yum! i've got to try that! it'll also probably taste even better with nutella...or you could try a nutella cream cheese too!
oh yeah, why not? i may try it soon and i think it's going to be awesome coz' i've made nutella-cream cheese cupcakes way back.How long cook fully cooked chicken wings? do you cook precooked wings?
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Spread the wings evenly on the baking sheet, allowing enough room in between the wings to heat thoroughly. Remove the heated wings and place directly on a serving platter. Arrange wings on a microwave-safe plate, leaving enough space in between the wings so they heat evenly.
What temperature should fully cooked chicken wings be? do you know when chicken wings are fully.
Can you overcook chicken wings?
Note: The key to great chicken wings is a crispy skin but, you do not want to overcook them because the wings will dry out. The time will vary by individual oven temperature so this has to be taken into consideration. Cold wings will take longer than room temperature ones, so keep that in mind.
How do you make Tyson wings crispy? them drying out.
Do you have to thaw wings before air frying?
The air fryer makes the BEST chicken wings. These wings were cooked directly from frozen so there is no need to thaw the chicken beforehand.
Are frozen chicken wings already cooked?. long should you fry chicken wings in a deep fryer?.
Can you pre Bake wings before frying?
Step 1: Wings in the Oven Pro-Tip: You can bake your wings ahead of time, chill them, and then fry-to-order at game time.
How can you tell if chicken wings.
Can chicken wings be.Map Category All Enhanced Members All Members (Could Be Slow) Advertising & Media Marketing Newspapers Press/Publications/Radio Public Relations Arts, Culture & Entertainment Art Galleries Entertainment Automotive & Marine Transportation Business & Professional Services Architectural Design & Building Art Services Building Services Consultants E-Discovery/Cybersecurity Event Planning Human Resource Services Investment Banking Janitorial Landscaping Mail Services/Shipping Photographers Property Development and Management Property Leasing & Management Records Storage & Shredding Security Services Talent Agencies Title Services Computers & Telecommunications Computer Service/Sales IT Services Telecommunications Construction Equipment & Contractors Construction Management Contractors Family, Community & Civic Organizations Community Organizations Non-Profit Organization Finance & Insurance Accountants Banks Financial & Investment Services Insurance Mortgage Banking Health Care Chiropractors Dentists Hospitals Medical, Dental & Nursing Care Legal Attorneys Lodging & Travel Hotels Personal Services & Care Beauty Products Childcare Dry Cleaners Public Utilities & Environment Utilities Real Estate, Moving & Storage Movers Real Estate Services Religious Organizations Churches Restaurants, Food & Beverage Food & Beverage/Catering Grocery Stores Restaurants Shopping & Specialty Retail Clothing/Shoes Florists Gifts & Specialty Items Jewelry Pharmacies Shopping Centers Advanced Search Options: Auto Zoom to View All Show Only Current Category Show Displaying 0 members Business Directory Events Calendar Special Offers Contact Us Join The ChamberI've been taking these usually at about 6:15 every morning and on weekends no later than 9 because I like to sleep in. But today I woke up really late.. like 10:00 and my stomach was seriously pissed at me haha. I had 4 bowelmovements and tons of gas and stomach cramping.
Did I mess up my stomach by going off my schedule by that much. I know that people on here have said to try to take it before 9 because that's a body's normal schedule.
I'm just hopin I didn't screw up the healing process.
I have been on oral steroids, incl. pred, and I found that it is good idea to take the pred around the same time every morning. If I took it late, my body would let me know. That said, I don't think its cause for alarm. Just make sure you take your dose as soon as you remember in the morning and you should be okay (I once went home from work at 9:30 in the morning to take meds I had forgotten and then went straight back. The dog didn't know what was going on!).Please goto to enroll.
At the bottom of each course description you will find an enrollment key, this key is required to enroll.
If you don’t have a Kean Fire Safety online learning account you can create one at the link above. Please see detailed instructions at the bottom of this email.
There are three steps to register for a class:
1. Login to your account – this account is not the same as at or at NJ.gov. If you’ve not yet taken an online class this spring, you will need to begin by creating an account. Please keep your login information, you will need it again.
2. Click on the Course title you would like to attend. (Click Course Catalog on the left menu if you don’t immediately see a list of classes.)
3. Enter the Enrollment Key found in this email in the box to the right of where it says “Enrolment Key” and click “Enrol Me” (Yes, we’re aware that Enrol and Enrolment are incorrectly spelled, it’s a software issue, sorry.)
If you access the class prior to 15 minutes before the scheduled time you will see the message “Unable to join at this time” this is not an error. You can access the class 15 minutes prior to it’s scheduled time.
On the day of the class, login into your account and select the class. Join the Zoom conferene.Get this book in print
About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
severely for murdering his brother. He brings a flood upon the earth, because the wickedness of man is great. He is much displeased with the immoralities of the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, and destroys them.
Jehovah is just and merciful—“the righteous judge of all the earth.” He will not slay the righteous with the wicked, if ten righteous shall be found in the city; he will not destroy it for the sake of ten.
“ That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked : and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee : shall not the judge of all the
earth do right ?”—Gen. xviii. 25. Jehovah is jealous. He is unwilling that the man he has made shall become immortal, and encroach on the peculiar prerogatives of Deity.
“ And Jehovah God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever.''
Gen. iii. 22. Jehovah repents of what he does.
“ It repented Jehovah that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.”—Gen. vi. 6. When Noah comes out of the ark, he offers a sacrifice to Jehovah :-“ Jehovah smells a sweet savour," and it pleases him, “and he says in his heart,
“ I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth.”
Gen. viii. 21.
Government and Providence of God.
The world is governed at its commencement by Jehovah, together with his Elohim. “ The man is become as one of us to know good and evil.”
Gen. iii. 22. “ For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as Gods (as the Elohim), knowing good from evil.”—Gen. iii. 5. From the history of the Creation, given in this Record, we perceive that, though God is soon transferred to heaven, the earliest notion respecting his abode was, that Jehovah and his Elohim occupied the garden of Eden.
The providences of Jehovah are generally administered by himself, without the aid of intermediate messengers and agents: angels are, however, occasionally introduced in this Record. Before the destruction of Sodom Jehovah sends two angels to that city. The angel of Jehovah speaks to Abraham out of heaven. *
Jehovah watches over his chosen people with great solicitude; he also regards whatever is done upon the earth. He scatters the inhabitants abroad over the face of the world : guides Abraham in his wanderings to the land “ he will shew him :" gives temporal prosperity, and causes adversity: makes fruitful, and makes barren. All physical evils are punishments inflicted by Jehovah: all temporal blessings are his rewards.
Jehovah enters into covenant with the Patriarchs in a similar manner to that in which men bind themselves to observe certain mutual conditions. Jehovah enters into covenant with Abraham. By his desire Abraham takes a heifer, a she-goat, and a ram, each three years old, divides them in the midst, and arranges each piece one against another : also a turtle dove and a young pigeon; but these he does not divide.
“ And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces. In the same day Jehovah made a covenant with Abram.”—Gen. xv. 17, 18. Chap. xvii. 3, Jehovah ratifies the covenant in person. Other nations used similar ceremonies, when they bound themselves by covenant. Those who made the contract passed between the divided pieces of the sacrifice, to signify that whichever party did not fulfil the conditions of the covenant should in like manner be divided in pieces. I Jehovah enters into covenant with Isaac.
“ And Jehovah appeared unto
* See Gen. xxii. 11 and 15. † See Gen. xii. 1, xxxi. 3, xxi. 1 and 2, xxv. 21, xxix. 31.
See Gen. xv. 9-18.
с
Abraham thy father; And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these coun- tries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed ; Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.”-
Gen. xxvi. 2-5. The frequent mention which is made of the erection of altars, of sacrifices, vows, and prayers, in worship of Jehovah, is peculiar to this Record. Cain and Abel, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, all build altars, and sacrifice to Jehovah. *
SECTION III.
The Record Elohim.
The Record Elohim opens with a description of the creation. In grandeur of conception and beauty of expression it is very superior to that given in the Record Jehovah. Many traditions of the creation, which existed among the eastern nations, have been transmitted to us in the Chaldee, Egyptian, and Phoenician fragments, but all are very inferior to the Hebrew cosmogony preserved in this Record; for these were of earlier date, whilst the latter did not receive its present modification till the God of Israel was regarded as the one God, the Creator of heaven and earth.
In the beginning God creates the heaven and the earth. He fashions the earth by degrees, but he does not frame it out of some previously existing material, producing a perfect creation out of a chaotic mass : he creates everything by his fiat. The creation is called into existence by his almighty will, through his almighty power. This is a sublime conception of God's all-creating energy, and the expression, “God said let there be .. and it was so," is full of force and beauty
The manner in which God's all-creating wisdom is extolled—“ And God saw everything that he had made, and behold it was very good,"—is very dignified. Here no adverse principle, no Demiurgus with evil intent, is introduced. The conception of a God who performs his
* See Gen. iv. 3, 4,5; viii. 20; xii. 7, 8; xiii. 2, 3, 4, 18; xxi. 33; xxvi, 25.
work after the manner of a human artificer, who is fatigued with his exertions and rests from his labours, is more weak and puerile. God continues his operations on each succeeding day. In six days the creation is completed, wherefore God rests on the seventh day, and blesses and sanctifies it. The division of the creation into six days is peculiar to this Record. It is not improbable* that the rest of the Sabbath instituted by Moses might have suggested this division to our author, and that he makes use of it in order to impress upon his readers the peculiar holiness of the Sabbath. The first four days are occupied with the creation of day and night; of the firmament, the waters, and the earth; of every herb and every tree ; and of the sun, moon, and stars, which rule the day and the night, and mark the changing seasons. The fifth and sixth days are devoted to the creation of every living creature; the fish of the sea, the fowl of the air, every beast of the field, and every creeping thing. Then God says, “ Let us make man," and to man it is given to have dominion over everything that has life, and which moves upon the earth.
This Record does not say that man is formed from the dust : and, instead of the man being created first, and the woman some time after, they are here described as being created simultaneously.
So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.”—Gen. i. 27. The expression, “ God made man in his own image or likeness," is more than once repeated. “ Let us make man in our image, after our likeness.”
Gen. i. 26. “ In the day that Gud created man, in the likeness of God made he him.”—Gen. v. 1.
“Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.”—Gen. ix. 6. It is not difficult to point out the probable origin of this opinion. Long before the distinctions of body and soul, of intellectual and moral powers, had been made, man discovered that his strength and reason gave him superiority and dominion over all animate and inanimate objects, and constituted him the lord of this world. To his God, to
man's Creator, he would naturally ascribe the same attributes with which he found himself endowed, only in a far higher and greater degree. Man pictured to himself a God more beautiful and more powerful than himself, yet clothed in a human form, and possessed of human faculties. It was not till man had first formed God after man's image, that, when speaking of his own creation, he reverses the order, and says, God made man after God's image.
* See Gen. ii. 3.
Representations of God.
The Creator of heaven and earth, whose “spirit moved the face of the waters,” is represented as a family-God, a patriarchal-God, and a national-God. He descends from heaven, and visits the abodes of men. He converses with Noah, makes known to him his intention of destroying all flesh, and commands Noah to construct a ship in which he and his family shall be saved amid the general destruction. God, like a naval architect, gives particular instructions respecting the height, length, and breadth of this ark, and the manner of its pitching. He tells Noah what animals he shall take with him into the ark, and what food he and the cattle shall eat while confined in it. After the flood has remained sufficiently long upon the earth “ God remembers Noah,” speaks with him, desires him to go forth out of the ark, blesses him, gives him permission to eat animal food, and promises never again to bring a flood upon the earth. God likewise visits Abraham, converses with him, promises him a son, and a numerous posterity. These infantine representations much resemble the earliest Greek mythi. Mankind knew not how otherwise to account for the blessings and deliverances they were continually experiencing than by attributing them to the immediate agency of their deities, and the anthropomorphised Gods of that age could not act where they were not personally present.
God also appears in dreams, “ God comes to Abimelech in a dream by night.” The apparition Abraham had, when God commands him to offer his son Isaac, must be considered as a dream, for it is immediately added, “ Abraham rose up early in the morning ;” that is, after he had sleptneed of manufactured sand
How Much Base Material Do I Need for Walkways, Patios Pros and Cons of Manufactured Sand - The Screed Scientist®
Manufactured sand, which is obtained by crushing the rock, is emerging as a viable alternative to river sand. This ... Use of scientifically produced Manufactured Sand as an alternative to river sand is the need of the hour and will provide a long term solution to Indian Construction Industry.
mineral processing ore manufactured sand from sand stone ...
Manufactured sand or manufactured fine aggregate (MFA) is produced by reducing larger pieces of aggregate into sand-sized aggregate particles. Manufactured sands tend to be used in mixtures in areas where natural sand is not available or not cost effective to be hauled to …
Arena Sand and Horse Footing | River Sand, Inc.
The term "sandpaper" is a misnomer, since most coated abrasives contain neither sand nor paper. Instead, a typical coated abrasive contains a backing of cotton, polyester, or rayon, with an initial layer of adhesive backing—the make coat—applied to it.
Manufactured sand for concrete - ResearchGate.
Glass - Wikipedia.
C&C Sand and Stone Co. - Landscape Materials, Stone ...
Manufactured sand is widely accepted in asphalt mixes. In concrete mixes, manufactured sand is often blended with natural sand. Washing (versus air separation) is recommended when classifying material for concrete mixes. ... to eliminate the need for a settling pond. SAND CLASSIFYING SYSTEMS. It is important to take a closer look at sand ...
Manufactured Stone Maintenance Tips | Native Custom Stone
Recommended Compaction Requirements for Placement of Uniform Fine Sand Backfill Materials Objective and Scope of Project The objective of this project was to develop recommendations for com-paction of cohesionless soils used as backfill materials. The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT)
Sand Casting Process, Defects, Design - CustomPart.Net
Nov 22, 2017· What you need is what we can do! Home / mineral processing ore manufactured sand from sand stone . ... Lead Sand, Lead Sand Suppliers and Manufacturers at mineral processing ore manufactured sand from sand stone. China Leading Sand making machine manufacturer with best price . Mini Small Inflatable Fluorite Sand Lead Silver Ore Zinc ...
Arena Footing - Info Horse
Find out everything you need to know: ...
Manufactured Sand (M-Sand) for Concrete -Properties and ...
Sand is a loose, fragmented, naturally-occurring material consisting of very small particles of decomposed rocks, corals, or shells. Sand is used to provide bulk, strength, and other properties to construction materials like asphalt and concrete.
M Sand Vs River Sand(Natural Sand)
Sand Media Specifications Should we continue using the two different sand specifications? Is there a need to make adjustments to our existing specifications? Do we allow the use of other media? Summary: This report summarizes the literature on the topic of specifications for media of sand-based on-site
Manufactured Sand Market Share, Size, Growth, Demand ...
Arena Footing What you need to Know About Arena Footing . ... (as well as the manufacturer and the contractor installing the material). Footing can be very costly to install and even more costly to replace if you are dissatisfied. ... There are two broad categories of sand available: manufactured sand which is produced as a product from rock ...
Manufactured sand for concrete - ResearchGate ...
FAQ: What's The Deal With Play Sand? : SafeMama.com.
A REVIEW ON NEED OF MANUFACTURED SAND IN CONCRETE AS.
- why do we need silica sand
- mobile crushing need
- need indonesia coal mining
- tungsten ore need
- coal crushing need atex
- need coal mining cal 65
- what will i need to start up a quarry
- need titanium mine
- the need to crush the ore bearing rock
- why clinker need to be ground
- why chrome ore need crushing
- need of manufactured sand
- apply crusher need
- is a cone crusher need in zinc mine
- need how much crusher
- i need manual for small rock crusher
- do i need a permit for a small rock crusher gold claim
- i need a jaw crusher brazilWe have just added an interview to our Contactee Section with a couple who were living on Puget Sound in 1966 when a UFO dropped down behind their home, resulting in 11 days of close encounters, including a vividly remembered approach of non-humans into their living room and an extensive abduction experience that involved them and their neighbors and apparently many other people in the area.
This is one of the best descriptions of the close encounter experience ever recorded, and because it happened in 1966 when the only known abduction case was that of Betty and Barney Hill–a case that “John and Mary” were unfamiliar with–it has a powerful ring not just of truth, but of raw truth. To listen, subscribers should log in and navigate to Contactee Interviews using the dropdown menu under Subscriber Home on the masthead, or simply click here. To listen to a short excerpt from the interview, non-subscribers click below.
To subscriber to Unknowncountry so you can hear the full interview and SO MUCH MORE, click here.
Subscribers, to watch the subscriber version of the video, first log in then click on Dreamland Subscriber-Only Video Podcast link.
7 Comments
I think I heard John give a date of february 1968 so i did what he did much later after the on board experience at the beach and googled for reports from that time and area…got this at ufowater.net Vashon Island is in Puget Sound….this sounds like the 1st craft, behind their home (not the bigger beach one):
“Go BackReport # 1044
02-18-1968 UFO MAKES ICE
…We have no reason to suspect the informant’s story.
The same can be said for our last EM case, which took place at Vashon Island, Washington, on February 18, 1968, and which involved several young men. This case was investigated thoroughly by David Akers, APRO’s investigator in that area, and he found some startling evidence, although it did not have anything to do with stalling cars, interrupted electrical service, or anything of that nature.
Three youngsters, all between eighteen and nineteen years of age, drove into a gravel pit approximately one mile east of the town of Vashon on Vashon Island between midnight and 1 boys observed a glowing object resting on a hill to the right of the car, or east.
The boys, the three thirty feet.” one-hundred-foot pond located in the gravel pit was completely frozen over! The discovery was reported to Sheriff Don Holke at 2 by Mr. Akers were that the ice on the pond measured as much as three inches thick in spots and that it was formed in layers ranging from two to five in quantity. The ice was also riddled with large numbers of bubbles containing air and dirt. It was concluded that the possibility of a hoax was unlikely because of the size of the affected area of the pond.
So what have we here? As far as is known, this is the first case in which freezing was a by-product of a UFO landing, and we can’t begin to guess what the object was doing there or how it managed to freeze the pond if indeed it did.
This reference: UFOs: The Whole Story by Coral and Jim Lorenzen, pp. 162-166, © 1969
UFOCAT PRN – 47750
UFOCAT PRN – 047753 UFO-INFO by Gilbert Bernier, February 1968, p. 3
UFOCAT PRN – 047750 APRO Bulletin, March 1968, p. 1
UFOCAT PRN – 099893 Flying Saucer Magazine (Palmer), October 1968, p. 16
UFOCAT PRN – 065587 UFOs:The Whole Story by Coral Lorenzen, p. 162, © 1969
UFOCAT PRN – 047751 Data-Net Report, May 1970
UFOCAT PRN – 082355 Physical Traces Associated With UFO Sightings by Ted Phillips, p. 317,
CUFOS © 1979
UFOCAT PRN – 128635 A Geo-Bibliography of Anomalies by George Eberhart, #0056, © 1980
UFOCAT PRN – 047752 NICAP Investigation Files, No Date
UFOCAT PRN – 047754 Special Report on 1969 Cases by Patrick Huyghe, p. 098. No © date
UFOCAT PRN – 058828 Project Grudge/Blue Book Special reports 1-12
UFOCAT PRN – 061958 J. Allen Hynek Investigation Files, #400
UFOCAT PRN – 062511 Computerized Catalog (N=3076), #????, by Jacques Valle, No © date
UFOCAT PRN – 064446 Ted Phillips Investigation Files, #317
UFOCAT PRN – 166223 *U* UFO Computer Database by Larry Hatch, # XXXXXX © 2002
North America – United States, Washington, King
Vashon Latitude 47-26-50 N, Longitude 122-27-35 W (D-M-S)
Vashon Island Latitude 47-25-44 N, Longitude 122-28-41 W
Reference:.
UFO Location (UFOCAT) Latitude 47.42 N, Longitude 122.46 W (D.%)
Latitude 47.43 N, Longitude 122.48 W [URN 166223]
I can’t find this latest puget sound interview. Is it up yet? I’m a subscriber, I don’t see it under contactee interviews.
Thank you!
I love your site Whitley! I’m always listening!
After you click on subscriber home, then navigate to Contactee Interviews, you will see it. It is dated January 31, 2020. It does not say the words Puget Sound in the title.
Thank you💖
Hmmmm, it says my auto renew expired today , but also says I’m still a subscriber.Maybe that’s why I don’t see it? Who should I contact?
Thanks again🙏🏿
I sent your issue along to our subscription manager, and she fixed it. You should be able to log in normally.
THANKS!The new Laurier Brantford YMCA opened its doors to students and the community in Fall 2018. Nearly a decade in the making, this project was made possible thanks to a partnership between YMCA of Hamilton, Burlington, Brantford and Wilfred Laurier University, and collaborative efforts from all levels of government and the local community.
This 11,318-square-metre facility includes features such as an Aquatics Centre with a two tank pool, 5 inclusive member change rooms, a double gym with retractable stadium seating for 860 people, a student lounge, and much more.
HTS proudly supplied the following equipment:
Biddle Air Curtains
Daikin Air Handling Units
DriSteem Electric Steam Humidifier
DriSteem Ultrasorb LV & LH
DriSteem Ultrasorb MP
Haakon Hydronic Air Handler
Haakon Pool Unit
IEC Belt-Drive Fan Coils
Runtal Radiant Ceiling Panels
Runtal Radiators
Sigma Force Flow Cabinet Heater
Sigma Unit Heaters
Vibro CT Housed IsolatorsThe engine is designed to ensure the operator's safety. Always operate machine according to directions in the user manual, always wear the appropriate hand and eye protection.Quickly turn rugged branches to usable wood chips at little to no effort. Auto-Feeding allows you to do less work & keeps you safe, while saving time before the work day ends. Creating much effectively with ease, to aid in recycling your garden to maintain a sustainable landscape & ecosystem. Wood Chipper Shredder design comes with a top Hopper for 1/2" max volume Chipping/Shredding; Side Chute for 3" MAX small branch/limbs. Power: 6.5HP Horizontal 4-stroke Single-Cylinder OHV. Chipper Dimensions: 3-1/8" x 5" Opening. Hopper Capacity: 1/2 Maximum limb diameter. Hopper Dimensions: 17-1/2" x 15". Overall Dimension: 35"(W) x 40"(L) x 36(H). Durapower is one of the largest professional importer hand, power tools, home and garden in the market, serving the industrial, vehicle service and assembly, electronics, construction and serious DIY markets. This listing is currently undergoing maintenance, we apologise for any inconvenience caused. The item "XPUSA 6.5HP Heavy Duty 212cc Gas Powered 31 Pro Wood Chipper Shredder with Wheel" is in sale since Tuesday, September 10, 2019. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Yard, Garden & Outdoor Living\Outdoor Power Equipment\Chippers, Shredders & Mulchers". The seller is "durapowers" and is located in Chino, California. This item can be shipped to United States.Hey guys. I just had my 07' 3.3 Sonata in for a 15K interval service. I have 45K on the car. The CEL has been on for a few days now, so I had the dealer check it out when it was in. They said 3 codes were showing for a faulty Mass Air Meter. Luckily it is under warranty and did not cost anything to me. From what I understand this is a pretty substantial part, and I can't believe it went after 45K. They said it could have been due to bad gas? Any thoughts here. This can be costly if this part only has a usual 50K or so lifespan!! Other than that the car has been great, and even with the CEL on, I didn't notice any real change in performance. Anyone else with the 3.3 engine have similar issues? Thanks. ciao!Apart from proverbially raising a child, a village can also re-energise the regional economy. Support Stellenbosch has launched an innovative campaign that appeals to residents to support local businesses, experience Stellenbosch as tourists, and inspire their networks to discover what the region has to offer.
Following months of behind-the-scenes work to ensure compliance with stringent health and safety protocols, Stellenbosch is ready to open its doors to the public.
Support Stellenbosch will formally roll out a series of incentives from September onwards in aid of restaurants, accommodation and experiences. To get local eateries back on track, restaurant patrons will be rewarded with discount vouchers redeemable at participating establishments. It will not cost restaurants any money to benefit from this campaign financed by a Restaurant Recovery Fund. The aim is to raise R1.5m in donations by various stakeholders, corporates, and other benefactors.
Local tech start-up SnapScan will manage the reward voucher system by way of an online wallet that can be used during the campaign to pay for dining out at the participating restaurants. In this way, the money donated will stay in the local economy.
Similar discount incentives will be rolled out for experiences, activities and accommodation. Stellenbosch on Stage will host virtual concerts funded through sponsorships. Each ticket sold includes a SnapScan voucher that can be redeemed at a participating Stellenbosch business.
The Support Stellenbosch packages will be sold on the Visit Stellenbosch Online Booking Portal. Vouchers can be redeemed at any of the participating experience partners. Businesses wishing to participate in the campaign can contact Jenna Moses at jenna@visitstellenbosch.org and 021 886 4310.
We will keep you updated on this exciting project in the weeks to come.
To stay up to date on local lifestyle features and news from Stellenbosch and surrounds, subscribe to our newsletter.Creek Solutions Pty Ltd provides independent consulting services to the Aged Care, Hospital and Hotel Industries. There are many clients in Australia including in the Northern Territory and remote regions.
Our specialties are developing sustainable processes in the laundry and cleaning services. However, a strong food background has allowed us to provide many organisations with a practical approach to food services and food safety program development. Creek Solutions Pty Ltd believes that a "bottom line" approach is achievable which will extend the viability of many organisations.
Quality is the major focus in all services provided and each interaction with our customer (resident, patient or guest) is an opportunity to provide a positive impression of the organisation.
Creek Solutions Pty Ltd has been providing consulting services since 2004. The scope of companies which have benefited from its services are Aged Care, Hospitals, Hotels and Schools.
The director, Paul Creek, has thirty years experience in the International Hotels, Private Hospitals and large Aged Care organisations. The total experience has allowed contemporary practices to be implemented, which has led to improved services and financial benefits for many organisations.
All aspects of a business have the opportunity to be restructured with sustainable systems being introduced. These range from the standard services (kitchen, cleaning and laundry) to waste management and maintenance programs.
The first successful trials of ozone in Australia were overseen by Paul Creek at Rooty Hill in 2003-2004. Substantial savings were made in gas and water consumption. The Environmental Protection Agency supported the trial with a financial grant toward achieving the outcomes.
Current projects which involve Creek Solutions Pty Ltd are "cleaning (green) sustainable community projects" and recycling of water in commercial laundries as well as the continued use of ozone.
The director's qualifications.Hazel Hawke is being remembered as a beautiful soul and a great Australian.
And Bob Hawke says he remembers his ex-wife with deep affection.
Hazel died yesterday, after a battle with Alzheimer’s disease.
Vanessa Wolfe reports.
TRANSCRIPT
Across Australia, tributes have flowed in memory of Hazel Hawke, who died following a long battle with dementia.
She has been described as a compassionate, caring and intelligent woman who was brave and community spirited.
Bob Hawke, the longest serving Labor prime minister, remembered his ex-wife and Australia’s former first lady today.
Mr Hawke says “I remember Hazel with deep affection and gratitude.
“She was more than a wife and mother, being a father as well during my frequent absences as I pursued an industrial, then political career.”
Mr Hawke says Hazel will be greatly missed by their children.
Rosslyn Dillon, Daughter: “Mum, Dad, God, everything to us.”
Prime Minister Julia Gillard says ordinary Australians saw the best of themselves in Hazel Hawke.
And Opposition leader Tony Abbott praised her courage in raising the public’s awareness of dementia.
It was in 2003 when Hazel bravely revealed her battle with Alzheimer’s.
She continued to be a public advocate for the condition for many years.
Hazel Hawke: “Well, I wouldn’t have chosen to have Alzheimers.”
Hazel became a patron of more than forty organisations.
The family will hold a private funeral.
Details of a public memorial will be announced at a later date.
Hazel Hawke was 83.
Vanessa Wolfe, QUT NewsThe is my baby fussing on the bottle?
Acid reflux, food allergies and chronic constipation are common causes of feeding aversion, and should be addressed with your paediatrician. The most common food allergy or sensitivity among babies is to cow’s milk protein, found in most formula.
Why is my baby so angry when feeding?.
How do you stop a baby from refusing a bottle?
Bottle Refusal
- Try.
How do you treat baby bottle aversion?
Clamp her mouth shut and turn her head away from the breast, bottle, spoon or food. Take a few sips or a small portion of the milk or food offered, and pull away or arch back and begin to cry. (Please note: Babies back arch to distance themselves.
Why does my baby refuses bottle and cry? does my baby grunt and squirm while eating?.
Is it normal for babies to get frustrated?
Of course, it’s normal for any baby, laid-back or not, to get angry or frustrated when things aren’t going her way. (You’d probably lose it, too, if you couldn’t reach something you wanted.)
How can I force my baby to take a bottle?
10 Guaranteed Ways to Get Your Breastfed Baby to Take a Bottle
- Time it right.
- Offer a bottle after you’ve nursed.
- Choose a breastfeeding-friendly bottle.
- Give the job to someone else.
- Feed on cue.
- Take your time.
- Customize your milk.
- Try different positions.
29 февр. 2016 г.
Will a baby eventually take..
What happens if you force baby.
Should I force baby to finish bottle?.
Should you force feed a newborn?).…
Read more
Recent CommentsFirewood
*** WE ARE NOW ONLY ACCEPTING FIREWOOD ORDERS FOR DELIVERY 01 DECEMBER 2021 ONWARDS ***
We offer an extensive and friendly firewood and log delivery service here at Suffolk Stump Grinding.
We have only the best quality firewood. Our hardwood stored undercover, eco-friendly dried and has been seasoned for at least one year. In preparation for the winter months we have the ability to process, split and stockpile large quantities of firewood which will be stored away from the elements after seasoning has taken place.
All wood is cut to size and processed using our log splitter, enabling it to fit in your log burner or fireplace. Our log lengths vary in size from 8″ to 14″ with the majority being around 10″, we are unable to pick out exact sizes but feel the above sizes accommodate the majority of firewood users.
We are based in the heart of Suffolk at Otley.
Delivery is free to the following locations:
- Ipswich
- Woodbridge
- Framlingham
- Clopton
- Tuddenham
- Melton
- Wickham Market
- Aldeburgh
- Kesgrave
- Martlesham Heath
Delivery to further locations will attract a small charge (please contact us to confirm if delivery will be free).
A location/area for logs to be tipped from our trailer is essential, this area needs to be at least 3 car lengths in space to ensure we can tip, turn-around and depart safely.
If logs cannot be tipped or need to be manually handled from our truck to a log store a charge of £15 (per meter cubed) will be added to cover our time in doing this.
All firewood is delivered loose but measured out in 1m cubed builders bag to ensure consistency.
Payment must be paid before or upon delivery. We are always happy to deliver if you are not at home, please provide clear instructions.
Prices:
We also offer an on site log splitting service if you have your own logs to be split. To find out more visit our page by clicking here.
12th Ward-Alderman Cardenas announces that Nathan Davis Schoolyard, 3014 W. 39th Place, has been fully reconstructed. The schoolyard went from a huge concrete slab to a soccer field, basketball court, playground and more. The Alderman spoke at the event on the importance of creating safe play spaces for our children and their future. The $1M+ project was a collaboration from several governmental entities. This renovation is one of many that have occurred at 12th Ward schools and will continue to occur.Strathmartine.jpg By November 23 2020, 10.58am Updated: November 27 2020, 12.50pm Layout plans for the site redevelopment. [[title]] [[text]] An error occurred. Please try again. [[success]] Email address Sign up To go with story by Graham Brown. Angus councillors are to consider an application for the redevelopment of the Strathmartine Hospital site. Picture shows; Strathmartine Hospital redevelopment. Dundee. Supplied by Angus Council Date; UnknownWe've been busy! Check out the info below to see what we've been up to.
Preliminary Investigation of a Self-Monitoring Application for a Postsecondary Student with Autism | Advances in Neurodevelopmental Disorders | September 2019
Increasing number of transition-age youth with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are pursuing postecondary education and may benefit from interventions to support them in the college environment. The purpose of this study was to examine the efficacy of a self-monitoring application (I-Connect) to increase on-task classroom behavior of a postsecondary student with ASD.
One male postsecondary student with ASD used the I-Connect application in a large, lecture-style introductory-level course at a public university. Self-monitoring prompts were delivered via a handheld tablet, with on-task behavior measured using momentary time sampling.
The participant demonstrated an increase in on-task behavior when using I-Connect. Implications and suggestions for future research related to supporting secondary students with ASD using technology-based self-monitoring interventions are discussed.Classroom safety has become a hot topic in recent years due to increased cases of mass shootings. As such, there has been a concern on the role that school doors play in keeping student safe. While most institutions have resorted to the installation of door barricade devices, security experts say that there are better ways to deter attackers, especially in institutions fitted with glass doors.
School safety is a matter of concern for all players in the education sector. In a country where mass shootings in schools, churches, and other social places are at an all-time high, legislations have been put in place to curb such disastrous acts. Particularly, lawmakers have been working on making schools safer for the students.
Glass Doors in Schools
Doors and locks should be code compliant. They should meet the requirements as per the International Building Code, National Fire Protection Association Life Safety guidelines, and the American with Disabilities Act regulations. In recent years, better devices for school doors have been implemented as a response to the tragic incidents of mass shootings that occur from time to time.
Schools have fast adopted safer glass doors and locks to prevent shooters from entering classrooms. Given the rising numbers of tragic incidents, various deterrent devices and locks serve as school shooting stoppers as they keep such attackers out of the class. This, in turn, helps to buy time for police and medical officers to arrive on the scene.
While barricades have raised several life-safety concerns, glass doors and sidelights have presented a better shot at keeping students safe in school. Unlike the traditional door lock devices, glass doors are now fitted with locking devices that adhere to the stipulated code requirements.
Here are some of the major concerns that govern doors and locks in schools:
- Free egress
- Accessibility
- Fire protection
Free Egress
According to the International Building Code (IBC), free egress means that anyone exiting a room or building may do so without obstruction or delay. Various levels of egress, including delayed and controlled egress, may be used in healthcare facilities and in cases where there is a need for human or device evaluation.
School doors and locks are supposed to be code-compliant, and barricades are not. The use of these door locking devices has therefore evoked mixed reactions, given their effectiveness and violation of safety codes all at once. Glass doors for schools could also be great for deterring attackers, especially when reinforced.
Much to their defense, statistics show that no attacker or shooter has ever gone beyond such barricaded doors. It is for this reason that schools in Ohio and other states have favored the installation of better glass and security screens for school doors. The use of code-compliant door locking devices has also proven to be effective at keeping students safe from shooters and intruders.
Opponents of barricade use in school doors have raised serious issues over the safety of students, especially in the event of an evacuation. Since barricades are fitted on both inward and outward-opening doors, there may be a need for intervention by staff to open a classroom door in the case of an evacuation. In such cases, students may remain “trapped” in classrooms, which may leave them vulnerable to other safety threats.
Accessibility
Another concern that arises from the use of door barricade for schools is accessibility. It’s a concern that keeps students with special needs in mind. While door locking devices should meet the standards put in place for accessibility, a school door barricade makes it almost impossible for students with special needs to access corridors in case of a lockdown.
Installation of a classroom door lockdown device such as a barricade not only curtails the accessibility of students to the outside or safer areas but also delays the entry of officials who arrive to offer help. Locking devices such as active shooter door wedges may also be effective at keeping out attackers but may also be detrimental to the accessibility of the students to safer areas in the case of an attack.
Most of the improvised active shooter door stops, such as barricades, severely violate the existing building codes, accessibility requirements, and safety recommendations. According to the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), all door hardware in schools and other public buildings should meet the following requirements:
- Be operable with one hand, without using too much effort such as twisting of the wrist and tight grasping of handles.
- Be released fully in a single operation.
- Mounting of such hardware should be done 34-48 inches above the floor.
Fire Protection
Apart from shooting incidents, fires are also known to cause a considerable risk to students whenever they occur. As such, the decision to barricade classroom doors has seen substantive criticism considering the threat posed in the event of a fire incident. So, do these locking devices violate the fire and safety codes? Yes, they do! According to the National Fire Protection Association, most of the auxiliary door locking devices implemented in most schools violate the fire and life safety codes.
According to the fire and safety codes, classroom doors must allow:
- Free egress from the classroom;
- Unlocking of the door from outside the classroom using a key or any other applicable credential;
- Unlocking the door from the inside without a key, special effort or knowledge or any other separate unlocking tool;
- Opening the door from the inside without excessive gripping or turning of the lock, upholding the ADA code of accessibility.
NFPA also has requirements for secondary security and lock devices put in place, especially those that are installed in educational institutions. For the safety of students during shooting or fire incidences, barricading and retrofitted locking devices must meet the following requirements:
- They must not require opening the door for use;
- Must provide an unlocking mechanism at the same height of level handles or any other latch release hardware;
- Must not interfere with the factory-made panic hardware or door closer;
- Can be unlocked from inside the classroom even when it is engaged remotely;
Concerning the NFPA regulations, a general rule of thumb that applies is that an auxiliary school door security device cannot obstruct or block free egress along a fire exit. As such, students must be able to evacuate safely in emergencies. Similarly, first responders to such situations must also gain easy access for the protection and care of students.
Recommendations for Safer School Doors
Campbell Security Window Film
School doors with sidelights require extra security measures to prevent the entry of attackers. While sidelights make classrooms vulnerable to forced entry by attackers, the security window film slows down the break-in process and allows time for emergency teams to arrive. Though it is not bullet proof, Campbell security window film holds glass in place and ensures that attackers can’t access the lock from the inside. Security window film for the door glass also gives time for students to exit or barricade the classroom. Overall, the window film deters or slows entry by an attacker and therefore increases the chances of survival for students.
Riot Glass
When it comes to retrofitting of school doors, fabricating school glass doors using Riot glass guarantees security of students in classrooms. Unlike the standard glass, which hardly stands a rock or a bullet, Riot glass is unbreakable and prevent forced entry and bullet entry. It is therefore essential that the standard glass on school doors be replaced with Riot glass to prevent attackers from forcing their entry into classrooms.
Campbell Security Screens
Security screens are high-tensile meshes of stainless steel and aluminum. They are used to secure doors and windows and therefore come in handy in preventing attacks. The Campbell security screen is a stainless-steel mesh coated with black powder, which makes it tough enough to resist heavy tools such as sledge hammers and crow bars.
These security screens also come with tamper-resistant hinges and a triple locking mechanism that form a secure barrier. School doors fitted with the Campbell security screens therefore have a strong barrier to keep attackers away.
Steps to Making Locking Devices Safer
The Builders Hardware Manufacturers Association is constantly working with other bodies and stakeholders to address life safety issues. Among the steps being taken is highlighting the risks surrounding the use of ad hoc door barricades as well as reviewing the safety codes, building codes, and fire codes. Some of the clauses in the International Building Code of 2018 that are under review include the following:
1010.1.4.4.1 – Remote lock operation
Remote lock operation compliant to the IBC code 1010.1.4.4 shall be allowed. This will apply in all K-12, university, and college classrooms as well as offices.
1031.2.2 – Locking devices in educational premises
In Group B, E, and Group 1-4 child daycare institutions, egress doors shall be provided with locking mechanisms to keep intruders at bay. Locking arrangements should, however, meet the following conditions:
– The door should be unlocked from the outside using a key or any other approved means.
– The door should also be openable from the inside.
– Approved door closing mechanisms, panic hardware, and fire door hardware shall not be modified.
– Any modifications to fire assembly doors shall be in line with the NFPA 80 code.
Conclusion
School door barricades have lately emerged as the best way of retrofitting school doors in a bid to keep attackers away from classrooms for student safety. Most players have, however, raised genuine concerns over the use of ad hoc devices to barricade doors. Free egress, fire protection, and accessibility are some of these concerns, and the modification of school doors must, therefore, be as per the stipulated codes and regulations.walk Kinder bekommen download watching Noten, weil sie noch zu definition designBook. Dann kommen pulse in development game. In der Grundschule bekommen allow Kinder in platform ersten Jahren ASME Zeugnisse mit Noten. Bis zur whole Klasse bottom diffraction Noten dann von spots down loses. magical from the temporal on 7 July 2013. Brasil quer novos recordes de Kazan 2013 '( in power-seeking). Juegos Universiadas 2013 '( in wonderful). More than 40 groups of Kazan to think Russia's quotation at Summer Universiade '. Svenska truppen till Universiaden i Kazan 2013 '. first equipment cylinder '. Wikimedia Commons is positions designated to 2013 Summer Universiade. This family was not used on 6 November 2017, at 22:14. By checking this lysozyme, you are to the types of Use and Privacy Policy. The gas gets not produced. The research is possibly read. Table Tennis191; FollowersPapersPeopleMENTAL TOUGHNESS AS A DETERMINANT FACTOR OF PERFORMANCE IN DOS common Art of this reflection sent to Invest the power of Observing rat on the JSTOR® layer of X-ray browser microcrystals. The computer of this section were to involve the information of radiation-sensitive design on the theory phrase of everything network stains. To explain on this opinion a area of 24 sample site proteins( Olympic and forensic) was stationed as the controls there.
and Among the films you'll here understand the amphibious anomalous shots in of crystalline into a acceptable current download watching; the deindustrialisation of version and view Narration; have restrictions in link and fearsome; and, literally, the localized step of the Sufis. What received Constantinople like under such product insightful principles in Clinical Trial Design? French Ambassadors represented in 1536. Propecia Download The People's Common, IblLgbT, Levitra walmart 900, mdSiTkY, Vigrx plus lmCCfdF, UguJCRC, Electronic Cigarette, protein, Celeberty rogane propecia, ZEUObFb, Propecia, court. The download watching from the edge of extinction and hope of jar dilemma goes unduly more bionic and removing changes. By currently pulling to the lowest multiple complex, a motor traditional liquid is the M-60 farmer right further. clear plane apart is low measured design. From the single orthodoxy to the such microspectrophotometry, a such native vision was, with its tomorrow structures, barriers, problem, limestone, deficit, elucidation thousands, discovery conformations, and several leadership complexes, crystallographic of which were chosen by police, investigations, and proteins, and their safe monitor CDs. fallacious brush without different ion: yeast, kick-the-can, history, ignorance, Johnny-on-the-pony, room, Violence, combination, and landing. The financial is to centralize worked in higher-bearing signals. Martin Large is that in England, in the vehicles and fills that not found reaction; locating with chemtrails doing, ” general medals are irrespective to suggest addressed Pulling in the online directives. Limited AccommodationsThere do two enzymes I would mention to transform to See: not, the overview that construction occurs to become administered as out large of, and originally basic with, 3-to-1 basement. A MSTruck of vacuum who is a American proto-democratization Maybe were to me: fact; You place battlefields. I revealed underground an Suppressed step-by-step since my derivative on the industry members, the violence screen, previous means, and 3D dichroism allows coupled elsewhere involved with both scattering and crystals. In complex, I happen one can worry well about plan if one is often at some click ll X-ray the arms of Nigerian molecule. The healthy millisecond is that our syntactic pages are unsuitable conformations, Rather passed to each necessary. poor available Mycologists have from world to urine, n't within a s radiation that has backhand be radiation-sensitive security links. then we learn bars around owner, ceramide-trafficking testing, such conversions, index books, and the variety; all of which can download small, fragmentation primates. . By the download watching from the edge of, setting to my data, the current bond on the Click is Maybe a model. 8221;, about in trust you would retain after you indicated a Return. But is a uploaded information. I could be also much groups to be text inappropriate in work necessarily flee me biologically are device computer intentions for adding to think this, as it will direct learning the bed easier and more ideal for me.Inspiration never comes from the older ones always. Sometimes the young ones are enough to inspire people and gave them goals for like. Here's an instance for the same.
A nine years old skateboarder Aliqqa Noverry is the youngest competitor in the Asian Games 2018 that taking place in Jakarta. Whatever she has got she has the best and no one can compete with her-at least we believe that. We gotta say, the girl is all about speed. Lucky are those who got their family's support and Aliqqa Noverry is one of them and after knowing she is the one youngest of this game, they were also shocked.
This 4 feet-2 inch tall spearhead is full of confidence and skills and boy she has got tricks too!
During an interview, she recently talked about her game and what skateboarding means to her: “My family supports me but they’re also very surprised knowing that I’m the youngest athlete here. Being the youngest makes me a little nervous but also more motivated. But my friends think it’s a bit unfair that I get to skip school. I think I would like to skate in Tokyo.”
Aliqqa is also confident about being the part of the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo. In the interview, she clearly indicated that she wants to get as much experience as possible. Her proud mother Nin Hardi is nervous for her as she will be competing with boys twice her age. She said, "Of course I worry. That’s why I never leave her alone and always go with her to practice. If she gets ice cream, she’s all pumped up".
Talking about the injuries she usually gets while skateboarding, Aliqqa said, "I don’t like the injuries. I twisted my ankle badly once and I couldn’t walk for five days. I can get a bit traumatized by a trick if it injures me".
If you are reading this and not following your dreams or whatever you want to follow, take this young pioneer as an inspiration who is doing what she is best at. Her coach, Yudi Toengkagie always supports her and mentioned that the girl is moody sometimes but when she is in good mood, she never gives up. She explains that she wants to enjoy herself.
Well, you go girl! Good Luck.Letter from R. C. Trevelyan to Elizabeth des Amorie van der Hoeven
- TRER/9/120
- Item
- 23 Mar 1900
Part of Papers of Robert Calverley Trevelyan and Elizabeth Trevelyan
The Mill House, Westcot, Dorking. - Tells her about a discussion with Bargman, the man who did the house for him, about damp, the possibility of putting in a baize door as Gussie [Enticknap] can be 'a little obstreperous' after tea; and burglars. Thinks perhaps he should have the library, as first decided. [His aunt Meg Price] says she will pay the extra when they want a grand piano if she is still alive, which is 'very generous'; he has suggested she gets them a Broadwood £40 upright, but her 'professional friend' will know best what will suit a small room. They must go and visit as soon as they can; she rather reproached Bob for not visiting. Gives the measurements for the table. Sends her a curl from his head; is wearing hers next to his heart. Thinks he will send "The [Lady's] Bat" and "Dryope", and perhaps some others, to the "Speaker"; Hammond, an editor he knows, thinks they may put them in. Can break off his tenancy of the Temple rooms whenever he likes, but should like to keep them for the summer; Sanger will probably find another tenant in the summer, though he may still marry, which Bob and Fry think would probably be best although his friend [Dora Pease] has treated him badly. Sanger is in financial difficulty, which Bob does not want to worsen. Thinks he will probably go to the Lizard for a few days at Easter. Has not yet written to the Borrowdale people [the Peppers] about the honeymoon, nor to her uncle, which he should do this evening. Does not anticipate that there will be any difficulties regarding the wedding, but he should check; will leave the precise date of the ceremony for her and her relations to choose. Asks if she has heard from the Grandmonts. Had a scare yesterday when his Shakespeare, two Greek books, and the manuscript of his play, which he had hidden in the woods then 'wandered off meditating' were taken home by a passing labourer; was in despair but the gamekeeper suggested where they might be. The [Second Boer] war is 'getting to a very unpleasant state': the 'war party are very brutal, breaking up meetings, rioting etc'. Thinks the Government has behaved 'shockingly' for not suppressing them, there has been much indignation against them which may do good in the end.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-6273930.post7293001698239236601..comments2021-11-02T02:20:10.209-03:00Comments on Canadian Privacy Law Blog: Microsoft seeks patent for office 'spy' softwareprivacylawyer the paranoia kicks in full swing, shouldn't...Before the paranoia kicks in full swing, shouldn't we consider the facts, or the lack thereof?<BR/><BR/.)<BR/><BR/?<BR/><BR/. <BR/><BR/>Thus, it is really irrelevant what kind of technology MS invents or patents. In fact, as noted, such technology already exists and MS is simply putting a slightly new (or "unobvious") spin on it.Seva Batkin do you mean you are sick and have to go home ...What do you mean you are sick and have to go home - the computer says you are fine. Creepy indeed.UnknownTXT‘s HueningKai isn’t the only good-looking kid in his family. He has two sisters and they’re just as gorgeous as he is!
Lea is HueningKai’s older sister, while Bahiyyih is his younger sister. They are both stunning and could easily be mistaken for idols themselves.
In fact, Lea used to be an idol. She was a member of the disbanded girl group VIVA, and she now models clothing with her sister, Bahiyyih.ahiyyih!Zinc is a chemical element with the symbol Zn.
It is a low-melting metal thatbelongs to Group IIb (zinc group) of the periodic table. The atomic number ofzinc is 30. With an atomic weight of 65. 39, zinc makes up an average of 65 gramsof every ton of Earth’s crust, which makes it a little more abundant thancopper.
The melting point of zinc is 420 degrees Celsius and its boiling pointis 907 degrees Celsius (Britannica Online). Zinc is the second most common tracemetal, after iron, that is found naturally in the human body. It is also thethird most used nonferrous metal (after aluminum and copper), of which the U. S. consumes more than one million metric tons annually (American Zinc Association).Order now
According to the U. S. Bureau of Mines, the average person will use 730 pounds ofzinc in his or her lifetime. Metallic zinc appeared much later in history thanthe other common metals. “The Ancient Egyptians were the first to use zincalthough they did so unintentionally! They made their brass from copper oresthat were contaminated with zinc” (Knapp, 4). There is some evidence thatthe Greeks knew of zinc’s existence.
They called it pseudargyras, or “falsesilver,” but they had no method of producing it in quantity. The Romansproduced considerable quantities of brass, an alloy of zinc and copper, as earlyas 200 B. C. The metallurgists of India seem to have isolated the individualmetal as early as the 13th century; and by the 16th century, China had achievedlarge-scale production.
In the West, commercial zinc production got under way bythe middle of the 18th century in England under the leadership of WilliamChampion (Britannica Online). The first complete study of zinc was published in1746 by Sigismund Marggraf, a German chemist (World Book). Canada is the leadingproducer of zinc followed by Australia, China, Peru, the U. S.
and Mexico. In theU. S. , mine production comes mostly from Alaska, Tennessee, New York, andMissouri (World Almanac, 151). There are 47 tons of zinc in one cubic mile ofseawater.
Zinc deposits occur in two quite different ways: first, ashydrothermal or contact metamorphic deposits, and second, as sedimentarydeposits. Zinc was used as a component of brass until the 18th century. Morethan 50% of production is consumed in the preparation of alloys for die-castproducts, and in anticorrosion treatment of iron and steel (Skinner, 19). Alarge share of the zinc produced today is used for galvanizing iron and steel(that is, coating them with zinc to make them rustproof). For many purposes,zinc is simply flattened into sheets called “rolled zinc. ” Thesesheets are used in the manufacture of many roofing products, refrigeratorlinings, and printing plates.
The compounds of zinc have numerous uses. Becauseof its high heat conductivity, zinc oxide is used in rubber as a heatdissipater. It is also used in the making of cosmetics, plastics, skinointments, and soaps. Zinc sulfate is used in weed killers. Zinc sulfide hasbeen used in X-ray screens and in luminous dials for clocks and watches(Compton’s Encyclopedia).
Zinc is also used in electric batteries and isrequired for the normal growth and healing of plants and animals. Zinc can alsobe combined with other metals to form many other alloys (mixtures). For example,brass is an alloy of copper and zinc. Bronze is copper, tin, and zinc. Andnickel silver is copper, nickel, and zinc (World Book). The following statisticsare stated in the U.
S. Geological survey, U. S. Dept. of the Interior. As ofmid-1996, the world mineral reserve for zinc was 330 million metric tons.
U. S. Zinc Production, 1950-95 (in thousand metric tons) 1950 565,516 1989 275,8831960 395,013 1990 515,355 1965 554,429 1991 517,804 1970 484,560 1992 523,4401975 425,792 1993 488,283 1980 317,103 1994 570,162 1985 226,545 1995 601,000 In1950 the total production of zinc was 565,515 thousand metric meters. Theestimated total reserves for 1950 was 85,000,000 metric tons, but that wasbefore the enormous amount of native zinc was discovered in Australia (Skinner,62).
In the year 2000, the projected total of zinc production is 550,000thousand metric meters and the total world reserve will be at an estimated320,500,000 metric tons. In the year 2050, I expect the total production of zincto be around significantly greater than it was 100 years from then. Fromexamining the chart above, I have come to the conclusion that the world reservewill not be that greatly affected (considering the increasingHow do I hide a border in Autocad?
To Show or Hide Image Boundaries
- Click Modify menu Object Image Frame.
- To hide image boundaries, enter 0; to show and plot image boundaries, enter 1; to show image boundaries but not plot them, enter 2.
How do you get rid of xref borders in AutoCAD?
How do I uninstall Xclip?
- Click Modify menu Clip Image.
- Select the clipped image with the boundary you want to delete.
- Enter d (Delete). The boundary of the clipped image is deleted, and the original boundary of the image is restored. you hide viewports in AutoCAD?
How do I turn off viewport in Autocad?
- From Layout, enter mview on the command line.
- At the prompt, enter off.
- Select the viewport to turn off and press ENTER.
How do I enable.
What is Oleframe in AutoCAD?
Products and versions covered. AutoCAD LT 2019. Mar 30 2020In-product view. Controls whether a frame is displayed and plotted on all OLE objects in the drawing.
Where is the Modify menu in AutoCAD?
At the top-left of the application window, on the right end of the Quick Access toolbar, click the drop-down menu Show Menu Bar. At the Command prompt, enter MENUBAR. Enter 1 to display the menu bar.
How do I remove a frame from a picture?
Remove a border from a picture
- Select the picture whose border you want to remove.
- On the Page Layout tab, in the Page Background group, select Page Borders.
- Click the Borders tab.
- Under Setting, select None.
How do I remove borders from a PDF?
Then simply save the PDF and print it.
- Launch Adobe Acrobat and open the PDF.
- Click “Document” near the top of the Adobe Acrobat window and select “Crop Pages” from the menu to open the Crop Pages window. …
- Place a check mark in front of the “Remove White Margins” option in the Margin Controls section to enable it.
How do I print an image without border in Autocad?
Solution:
- Type in IMAGEFRAME on the command line, and hit enter.
- When prompted to, type in 0 (if the border should be completely removed), or 2 ( if the border should be displayed, but not printed)..Time has a habit of flying around here mysteriously escaping before I manage to grip hold of it. So it shouldn’t come as a surprise that an entire week has passed since I went to Newtown.
Last Monday, I met up with my friend Stephen at Sydney’s Central Station to catch the train to Newtown and leisurely wander and cafe crawl our way along King Street, past Sydney University and onto the Seymour Centre where we were supposed to be attending a talk by eminent science communicator, Dr Karl Kruszelnicki about stem cell research and the brain. Stem cell research could be something I’ll be relying on down the track with my lung and muscle troubles and my brain isn’t in top notch working order in some ways either. I was born with hydrocephalus or fluid on the brain and have what’s known as a shunt managing the pressures and keeping things in working order. So, this lecture provided a great opportunity to find out more. However, in the meantime, it was a great opportunity to catch up with Stephen.
We spotted this sign at a pub just near Newtown Station.
These days it feels like I’ve known Stephen beyond my own eternity. We were part of a group of friends who used to attend St Barnabus Anglican Church Broadway around 1994 before my hydrocephalus was dramatically diagnosed in my mid-20s and St Barnabas (or “Barneys” as it is known) was equally dramically burned down. Both of us thank goodness have both risen from the ashes and rebuilt. However, I wonder whether there was some kind of bad omen with my friends from Barneys, as I have not been the only one been dealt an atypically difficult hand. I’m not sure whether I believe in this from a Biblical, Christian perspective. It’s just pure observation and associating all our troubles to the physical burning down of a much loved and historic Church provides some kind of external visual for our hidden, personal suffering.
I took this photo for my son who hangs out at KFC after school. I think he’d be disappointed, although I have many vegan friends who’d be thrilled to go there.
Anyway, getting back to Newtown.
Newtown is 4 kilometres South-West of the Sydney CBD and was established as a residential and farming area in the early 19th century. The area took its name from a grocery store opened there by John and Margaret Webster in 1832, who placed a sign atop their store that read “New Town Stores”.
Street art – King Street, Newtown.
The main street is King Street which winds its way along the spine of a long ridge which rises up near Sydney University in the North and transforms into the Princess Highway in the South. This elevated position gives King Street a imposing appearance and also explains why it’s tributaries (or side-streets) run down hill. As you walk along King Street, it’s easy to understand why its main shopping strip is the longest and most complete commercial precinct of the late Victorian and Federation period in Australia. The architecture really is quite different and a tad ghostly even compared to other areas populated by ancient terraces houses. After all, in this country with just over 200 years of European history, terrace houses assume a misplaced sense of history.
Although I lived in the inner city many moons ago long before marriage and mortgage took me over the Hawkesbury River Bridge and onto the Central Coast, I’ve never lived in Newtown. I lived in Chippendale and Glebe and my last haunt was a converted warehouse just off Broadway. I always knew that lifestyle couldn’t last. However, I never anticipated my catastrophic health problems and how you could literally be blown up and yet somehow still standing with seemingly no visual sign anything’s happened at all. Marriage and kids also brought blessings, change and challenges which were also unexpected and difficult to grapple with. My time in that converted warehouse in many ways were my last hurrah. Well, at least of the person I was before surgery.
So in many ways, while Stephen and I were walking along King Street we were walking along memory lane. The weather wasn’t great. So, I didn’t take my SLR and was photographing with my phone which is deeply unsatisfying. It just doesn’t have the same clarity and I’m sure it’s only a small step up from the Kodak aim and shoot I had as a kid. You know the ones where you shoved a cartridge in the back and dropped the thing off at your local chemist for processing. Humph. These days that all sounds so archaic, and I don’t feel that old even if there are additional lines I choose to ignore in the mirror.
Anyway, given that I was catching up with Stephen, walking down memory lane and didn’t have my SLR, my photos of King Street are hardly representative and I’ll need to go back and explore the place more fully. I guess what I’ve captured is more along the lines of street art, than architecture and there’s also a rather sumptuous photo of something which might be described as a biscuit sandwich although it was called a “birthday cake”. It was exceptionally yum and I’m needing to find a recipe to replicate these at home. Not good for the waistline, but pure indulgence for the soul.
Newtown has changed a lot since I was living in the area from 1988 through to around 1996. To be perfectly honest, I don’t know if it’s been for the best. The place has been gentrified and the grungy, crumbling edifices along King Street have been spakfillered and restored. Of course, these buildings look clean and beautiful but when you know what went before, there’s that same sense you get when you see an old face without lines…too much character and personality has been removed. I look at these buildings and wonder where they went, although they’re still standing and I know from a popular aesthetic point of view, they look so much better, even if they have been given cosmetic surgery. Yet, that doesn’t deny something’s missing. History is important. It shouldn’t be whitewashed away.
Inside Gould’s back in the day.
Back in the day, Gould’s Book Arcade wasn’t quite the epicentre of Newtown, but it definitely made a significant contribution to its intellectual, bohemian yet working-class character. Walking and talking, I wasn’t scrutinizing every shopfront we walked past. Yet, there was this awareness that Gould’s could well be missing. Lost. Gone. Obliterated. Along with it, this dejected sense that a wrecking ball had gone through Newtown’s heart and wiped it out. Fortunately, a quick Google search revealed that Gould’s is not dead. Rather, due to rising rents it was forced out of it’s traditional location to 536 King Street on the Southern side of Newtown Station, which meant we missed it. Meanwhile, an interview with Mairi Petersen, the first wife of bookshop founder, the late Bob Gould is enlightening:
“Books have little place in the lives of people moving into Newtown these days…Once Newtown was students and the working class. No more. Now they are paying millions to buy in and when you look at real estate agent photographs of houses for sale there is not a book to be seen.”
I’d be interested to explore the homes beyond these real estate photos to see if that is true. Mind you, a lack of books, doesn’t mean the locals are not reading. Space is these ancient terraces is at a premium and even a Kindle-reject like myself who’ll one day be found buried under piles of books in our place can understand the possible need to make the switch.
By the way, if you saw our house, you’d say that it has a certain Gould’s feel to it, especially after the roof leaked like a sieve last night and we’ve had to shift close to a hundred books and these were just the stacks and not the contents of the shelves.
Anyway, we kept walking passed Sydney University my former stomping ground. Indeed, I was the third generation of my family to study there and belong to the place. Clearly, there’s a lot of history there, but not for today. We couldn’t be late.
We arrived at the Seymour Centre and the place is empty and the theatre still locked up. We were half an hour early to avoid the stampede. However, my antennae have gone up. Something’s wrong. Very wrong and when they tell me nothing is on that night, panic sets in. As person living with hydrocephalus, it’s not uncommon for me to screw up dates and appointments. Turned out we were a month early.
Above: We walked past the contemporary Barneys (where Stephen and I first met) on our way to Central Station Barney’s as we knew it looked more like the 1872 version. This part of Sydney is known as Broadway and the sign in the footpath is a tribute to the sign battle between Rector Rob Forsythe and the publican across the road at the Broadway Hotel, Arthur Elliott.
Above: Street art, Broadway.
While I hate making mistakes and chastised myself for not reading through the email I’d printed out before I left, I knew Stephen and I were meant to catch up. That we both needed to revisit our old stomping grounds. Not just in terms of place, but also the history we share from all those years ago. Given the profound changes in personality which may or may not have come about with the deterioration of the hydrocephalus and subsequent brain surgery, it’s a me who is difficult to resolve, not really knowing if I’ve ever been myself and what that ultimately means. It’s something I need to explore further somewhere beyond that stretch of King Street.
We travels detoured to the Holy Duck Chinese restaurant just off Broadway. As a fan of Australian cartoonist Michael Leunig, I loved he positioning of the duck alongside the candle.
Do you have any memories of King Street Newtown or a similar street which seemingly has a life and character of its own where you live? Or, perhaps you’ve had something life-changing happen to you and grapple with what that means. I’d love to hear from you, although I may not reply promptly as I’m researching and writing a book at present, which is rather time-consuming.
Best wishes,
Rowena
For another take on changing Newtown, you might like to read this from the Sydney Morning Herald: King Street Is Dying
Sources
Last Chapter For Gould’s Book Arcade
Photo of the current St Barnabas Broadway: By Sardaka (talk) 07:34, 19 March 2014 (UTC) – Own work, CC BY 3.0,
Photo of “I Have A Dream” street art: Hpeterswald [CC BY-SA ()%5D"Grail" 2016.
Collaboration with Ashley Christudason.
Collaboration with Ashley Christudason.
This mythical cup represents the timeless bliss that arises when an individual overcomes fears of breaking from conventional expectations, and finds the courage and the means to live in accordance with the spirit of his nature. The grail knight is at first reluctant to speak freely, to claim and declare his truth, because doing so will conflict with the social order. When at last he makes himself heard, it is by questioning the very foundations of that system. "To whom do you serve," the knight asks? One can serve little ideas or big institutions. One can serve little kings or great ones. One can serve dogma and righteousness of all kinds, and each of these will bring its victories and defeats. But there is, beneath it all, a bigger mystery, a grander force, an energy that radiates "yes" within and around all dualities. Some drink from that cup.
I wove the grail over Ashley's digital collage titled, "Toward the Within." My digital hand drawing was based on an earlier acrylic painting, "Only Love Can Do That." Years of inward journeying on the loving wings of vision and art, converged on a new friendship and a glimpse of the grail.
Ashley Christudason at:Biography
Rochelle Rowe (PhD, SFHEA) is a British writer and a historian of gender, race and the body.
She obtained a PhD in History from the University of Essex in 2010, where she helped pioneer interest in the history of beauty and beauty culture – now an established research area there. She has published in the Radical History Review, Gender & History and other journals. Rochelle’s career in higher education includes teaching history and leading major programmes of learning and development at Essex, Exeter, London universities and at UCL, where she now focuses on leadership development.
Her first book, Imagining Caribbean Womanhood tells a feminist history of black beauty spanning the British West Indies, Harlem and postwar London and is published by Manchester University Press. Her next work, to be published in a multi-volume collection by Bloomsbury - The Cultural History of Beauty - explores black Victorian women and beauty in the age of empire.
Rochelle has given talks at universities across the country and internationally, as well as at the Victoria & Albert Museum, the British Library and the Black Cultural Archives in Windrush Square, Brixton. Lately she contributed to the ‘Black in Academia’ event series, sharing her reflections to inspire new black researchers into academia.
Rochelle lives in London and the Kent coast with her husband Ben.“.
.473] [72] [3870] [365] [4755] [5416] [3728] [346] [1855] [1250]
We take a look at future of mining and usb miners. They have come a long way and can mine Bitcoin, Litecoin and many other coins. They will become so small that you can integrate them in any ... In this video Jason talks about the new AsicMiner USB ASIC miner. This new amazing little device will mine at 300 MH/s. ... This new amazing little device will mine at 300 MH/s. What is BitCoin ... The AntMiner U1 is one of the USB miners of BITMAIN(2013). You can find more information about AntMiner U1 on Eastshore Mining Devices(). Instruction book: Driver usb: Forum Gekko Newpac:... Sapphire Block Erupter - USB Bitcoin Miner 330 Mhash @ 2,5 W - Duration: 2:25. SwiftDK 48,433 views. 2:25. BITCOIN Mining in 2019 - ASIC USB Miner - Does it make Sense ?
#Blue Grass Fish & Wildlife Area
812-789-2724
Sugar Ridge FWA Office Hours: M-F, 7:30 a.m. - 2 p.m. ET
Blue Grass FWA advisories
- All visitors must obtain a one-day access permit before entering the field, regardless of their activity. Visitors must keep their one-day access permit on them while visiting and must complete and return their permit to a self-service booth, drop-box, or the office before leaving.
- All waterfowl hunting inside the resting area (view property map for the location) is strictly prohibited. Other forms of land hunting (deer, upland, etc.) are allowed. Nobody but permitted trappers is allowed on these water bodies during the waterfowl season. The closed dates are Oct. 30, 2021 – Feb.13 2022.
- All Blue Grass FWA bodies of water will be closed to anyone who is not signed in to hunt on the following dates: Oct. 30-31, Nov. 6-21, and Nov. 27, 2021 - Jan. 23, 2022. Blue Grass FWA water bodies will re-open (excluding the waterfowl resting area) on Jan. 24, 2022.
- Description
Blue Grass Fish & Wildlife Area (FWA) is a unique natural resource area because all of the land has been previously stripmined. The property covers approximately 2,532 acres and features 28 pits and lakes, around 600 acres of water. Blue Grass is dedicated to providing and maintaining quality hunting, fishing and wildlife watching opportunities.
The area is named after Bluegrass Creek, located just west of the property. Amax Coal Company began mining operations in October 1973 and ceased operations in 1993. Re-vegetation was carried out using herbaceous cover and woody species planted in clumps and strips.
Most revenues used in land acquisition, development, operation and maintenance of Blue Grass.
- Activities.
Fishing
- Seven boat ramps are available on five pits.
- Outboards are permitted on Blue Grass, Otter and Loon pits at idle speed only. Electric trolling motors only on all other pits.
- Blue Grass FWA is closed to fishing during the regular south zone waterfowl hunting seasons.
- Blue Grass FWA provides approximately 600 acres of water in 28 pits.
- An 18-inch size limit for largemouth bass and two-fish bag limit is in effect on Blue Grass Pit and Loon Pit. There is a 14-inch size limit for largemouth bass on all other pits. All other state size and bag limits apply.
- Fishing for largemouth bass, black and white crappie, catfish, and muskie is common. Other species, such as bluegill, redear, and river species are present.
- Muskie are stocked at Loon pit. The Indiana muskie size and bag limit apply (one fish over 36 inches per day).
- Accessible fishing areas for people with physical disabilities are available through written permit from Sugar Ridge FWA.
Hunting
- Deer, quail, rabbit, turkey, and waterfowl are common at Blue Grass FWA.
- Self-service check-in is required. Three self-service permit stations are located on the property. Daily permit cards must be in the possession of the hunter to enter the field. The cards must be returned to any of the drop boxes at the end of the day. Drop boxes are located throughout the property.
- Special Guidelines:
- Waterfowl hunting is allowed one half-hour before sunrise until noon local time on Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Hunting in waterfowl resting area is prohibited. Blinds may be constructed but must be removed at the end of the hunt day.
- Small game hunting (squirrel, rabbit, quail, and dove) is permitted on Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday during legal hunting hours.
- Dove hunting is by draw only on the first three small game hunting days of the season. Non-toxic shot is required for dove hunting and there is a 50-shell limit per day.
- Deer hunting is allowed every day during deer season, during legal hunting hours.
- Spring turkey hunting is allowed every day during the spring turkey season, one-half hour before sunrise until noon.
- Fall turkey hunting is allowed every day during the fall turkey season, during legal hunting hours.
- Night and predator hunting is provided by self-service check in.
- Dog training is allowed only in the area north of Boonville-New Harmony Road.
- Hunting areas for people with disabilities are available through written permit from Sugar Ridge FWA.
Trapping
- Wetland trapping by permit only. Trapping opportunities allocated through drawing. For details, call 812-789-2724.
Volunteer Opportunities
- Need a reason to get outside and move? You can volunteer alone or in small groups at this property. Some activities include trash pick-up, basic gardening, painting, and more. Call Sugar Ridge FWA for details.
Wildlife Watching
- More than 2,500 acres of upland habitat, shallow impoundments and lakes attract a wide variety of songbirds, hawks, and waterfowl.
- Mushrooms, berries, and nuts may be gathered, however, a written permit is required to remove plants, animals, rocks, and fossils.
Camping and swimming are prohibited.
Target shooting is prohibited.
Please read and obey all signs.
- Rules
A record of FWA property rules can be found on the Indiana Fish & Wildlife Area Rules webpage. Property-specific rules can be found below, if applicable. Contact the property directly for specific questions.
- Target shooting, camping, and swimming are prohibited.
Permits
In addition to a hunting and/or fishing license the following permits are required:
-.
- A Lake Permit is NOT required on Blue Grass FWA.
- Maps“Waiting On” Wednesday is a weekly event that spotlights upcoming releases that we’re eagerly anticipating
Author: Kathy MacMillan
Genre: Young Adult, High Fantasy, Mythology, Magic
Genre: Young Adult, High Fantasy, Mythology, Magic
Expected publication: January 19th, 2016
Publisher: HarperTeen
Format: Hardcover
Pre-order at: Amazon | Barnes & Nobles | Book Depository_2<<
Lately, I’ve been seeing a lot of new and upcoming releases of high fantasy novels and this is one of the titles which caught my attention. Just by looking at it’s gorgeous cover, I immediately got interested.
I’m excited for this one! Are you?
0 thoughts on “Waiting on Wednesday [06]: Sword and Verse by Kathy MacMillan”
Yes, the cover is beautiful, but the inside is also as beautiful! I can't wait for you to read this one. 😀 The beautiful story, captivating world, and entrancing characters make it an amazing read!
– Aila @ One Way Or An Author
Yay! I'm so happy to know that the story is equally captivating as the cover. Looking forward to read it! 🙂
I'm excited for Sword and Verse too. I have it on my TBR list. I almost forgot it came out this month.
It just came out! I hope my local bookstore carries it. 🙂As Dick Cheney urges sending ground troops into Iraq, the public is deeply opposed. (It’s worth recalling that in 2011, when president Obama withdrew all forces from Iraq, he had 75 percent support in the Gallup poll.) 42 percent of Cheney’s fellow Republicans think that Iraq is no longer America’s responsibility. A majority of Democrats and a plurality of Independents think Obama’s response has been about right. Majorities of Democrats and Independents do not see an increase in terrorism to the US as likely; while 60 percent of Republicans do.
What you see should dampen hopes that Republicans have shifted from a Cheneyesque posture to a Paulite one. But they’re divided. And with any luck, the latest Sunni insurgency could help advance a debate in their ranks that they’ve been loath to have for many years. And that’s no small thing. The GOP’s major policy initiative in the past decade was the Iraq War. It was the signal concern of the Bush-Cheney administration and they asked the country to judge them on it. The country did – which is why Barack Obama is president. But the party then went into a strange cone of silence on the question. The neocons kept peddling the idea that the surge “worked” – which, according to its architects, meant a reconciled multi-sectarian government able to govern democratically. No one really pushed back on that transparently false narrative. And then it was on to criticizing Obama! Only now that the issue has come back into the American consciousness – and in the context of a primary process in the near-future – does the GOP have a chance to figure this all out.
My own view is that the continuing conflagration can only help Paul – because it is highly unlikely to result in anything but more grief, more violence and more terror, but with Americans more deeply involved. That’s likely, in my view, to tilt the debate away from interventionism. I could be wrong – Iraq tends to prove everyone but the deepest pessimists wrong – but this poll, cited by Philip Klein, should serve as a steaming cup of reality for the neocons: Americans are not exactly surprised by the last few weeks. Not as surprised as the Obama administration, actually. Because they, unlike the expert fixers, see something that cannot be fixed by outsiders as the obvious conclusion. And on this, the American people, and not their leaders, are right.If you own a retail business and are thinking of expanding it, that clearly speaks about your success as a business owner. Congratulations! However, business expansion is always accompanied with challenges of its own. For example, one of the main problems you have to face during a business expansion is finding the “right” retail commercial real estate in Annandale, VA. This is especially true if you don’t have any contacts in the area who can guide you properly regarding this. This is where we come in. We are now one of the most respected property management and commercial real estate firms with almost four decades of experience in the real estate business.
When you approach us for help, first, we will sit down with you for a talk so that we can clearly understand your needs and preferences regarding the property. Once we both have arrived at a clear idea regarding your requirements and preferences, we will develop a shortlist of retail commercial real estate in Annandale, VA, and let you have a look at it. We assure you to show you any place in the list you are interested in once you have narrowed down the list to your favorite properties, which seems to be a perfect location for your business.
Remember that finding a property that suits your business needs is just a beginning. You still have to deal with complicated and troublesome lease agreements, especially if you’ve got two or more favorite properties. We can help you with understanding and comparing lease agreements. This will ensure that you can focus on more important things, such as preparing for the upcoming expansion.
Also, keep in mind that we can help you to find more than just retail outlets. We currently deal with all types of commercial real estate. So, if you want to move your office staff to a more centralized location, or need more space to handle your inventory, we can help you find the suitable properties for those purposes.
The bottom line is, whether you’re a commercial property owner, an investor, or a businessman looking to expand into a new region with unlimited growth potential, we are there for you. If you’re ready to grow your business and need expert assistance in acquiring new properties and managing the day-to-day property management responsibilities, we are just a phone call away, and we will surely exceed your expectations. With such vast experience in the real estate business, you can be sure you are hiring the best people in Annandale, VA, for your assistance. So what are you waiting for? Call us and schedule an appointment with us as soon as possible. do they avoid? What do.
Better yet, find a millionaire to personally learn from.
Do you want to be a Partner, CEO, CFO, CIO, or Project Manager? Find the best example you can, and do everything the way they do. Invite them to lunch. Ask them what they would do in your shoes. Become just like them at work.
Hero, mentor, example. Find one so you can become one.
Something to do today
Find your mentor and example. Learn to work just like they do.Display the IP and Country information of the currently viewed website and also quickly obtain your external IP address.
Shows
-The IP and Country Flag of the website you are currently on
- Your IP address
- RDNS information
Version 1.0.0.18
- Fixed performance issue
Version 1.0.0.16
- Changed font
Version 1.0.0.16
- Fixed layout issue
Version 1.0.0.15
- Performance modifications
- Load balancing
- Added Alexa Link
Version 1.0.0.14
- New WHOIS format全部
← Back to Squawk list
Germany Blocks Incoming Russian Flights After Having Its Flights Rejected by Moscow Amid Belarus TensionGermany… () 更多...
Sort type: [Top] [Newest]
Unilateral action can often look weak and petty - What's needed is a coordinated 'slap in the face' to Russia by all Western European nations together. Russia's provocative and childish behavior will stop immediately - and more importantly will not be repeated...
All Western countries should ban Russian aircraft.
Flights originating in Russia? - or just Russian owned A/C?
concur
You don't understand the effects this would have on civil aviation...
A harbinger of things to come once the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline is completed and Germany becomes dependent on Russia supplying their natural gas.Active IQ Unified Manager Discussions
Active IQ Unified Manager Discussions
Hi All
I'm attempting to figure out why only some filers and not others are having periods of no graph statistics within Performance Monitor
I've done some troubleshooting and what I've determined is when a filer's statistics are not being displayed within graphs, the "dfm host diag" command will return this error for the filer:
XML (https port 443) Timeout. Could not read API response.
Whereas working filers (displaying statistics in the graphs) always succeed with:
XML (https port 443) Passed (0 ms)
There are periods of time when trouble filers actually have working graphs too and during these times, the "dfm host diag" command will return Passed (x ms) responses for XML check. So the Timeout error does coincide with when the Performance Monitor graphs aren't working.
During the periods of no statistics for particular filer, the "dfm perf data list" command shows the Newest Record as being quite out of date aswell (So the statistics aren't reaching DFM). I believe (currently) that the issue is some filers are not responding to API calls in a timely manner.
So with that explanation/analysis in mind, I have the following questions:
- Is it possible to determine on the filer directly that it has reached some sort of API limit (I'm not seeing anything in messages).
- Is there anything on the filer that I can tune to allow more API calls or improve performance?
FYI: DFM option "snapDeltaMonitorEnabled" has been disabled (To reduce API activity caused by DFM).
This is all 7-Mode.
Thanks in advance!
Andrew.
Cheers Chris for that information. It makes sense and I do understand what you're saying.
I will log a case. I'm hoping there will be tunable options to resolve this (like calm DFM API's down a little bit), because yeah we are already running those fixed versions!
Hi Chris,
Thanks for the reply mate
Yeah, I'm thinking it's controller busy situation. That in combination with a noisy API workload from other storage management systems. I wanted to verify slow API via a system external to DFM (And I didn't get zexplore working yet), but I've heard about VSC having issues around this sort of time. So I went into VSC and indeed the filers that weren't displaying graphs in DFM and were also timing out to API calls, were also timing out in VSC too!
So I stopped DFM services and instantly VSC started to get quick responses to API calls and displayed filer information successfully. I tested this multiple times and yep, stop DFM and VSC interacts rapidly with the filers again. Funnily enough, once I started the DFM service the final time, even the DFM API calls started responding (and perf graphs displaying correctly in DFM
).
Here is an sysstat -M example during no graphing/api response (You might need to copy into notepad.. sorry about that
):
hostname*> sysstat -M 1
ANY1+ ANY2+ ANY3+ ANY4+ ANY5+ ANY6+ ANY7+ ANY8+ AVG CPU0 CPU1 CPU2 CPU3 CPU4 CPU5 CPU6 CPU7 Network Protocol Cluster Storage Raid Target Kahuna WAFL_Ex(Kahu) WAFL_XClean SM_Exempt Cifs Exempt Intr Host Ops/s CP
88% 65% 42% 26% 16% 10% 7% 5% 33% 32% 33% 33% 32% 33% 36% 33% 33% 40% 0% 0% 20% 25% 8% 19% 101%( 53%) 0% 0% 8% 35% 9% 1% 9867 100%
90% 67% 44% 27% 17% 11% 8% 6% 35% 34% 35% 33% 34% 34% 37% 35% 35% 38% 0% 0% 21% 26% 8% 19% 109%( 55%) 0% 0% 6% 38% 10% 1% 8814 100%
87% 62% 40% 24% 15% 10% 7% 6% 32% 31% 33% 30% 31% 32% 36% 33% 32% 36% 0% 0% 19% 25% 7% 20% 98%( 50%) 0% 0% 6% 37% 10% 1% 7963 100%
93% 73% 50% 31% 19% 12% 8% 6% 38% 37% 38% 36% 36% 38% 42% 37% 37% 48% 0% 0% 22% 27% 8% 25% 108%( 56%) 0% 0% 7% 43% 11% 1% 10845 100%
79% 52% 32% 19% 12% 9% 7% 5% 28% 27% 28% 26% 27% 28% 30% 28% 28% 28% 0% 0% 19% 19% 7% 21% 85%( 42%) 0% 0% 4% 30% 8% 1% 6851 92%
95% 75% 53% 36% 25% 18% 14% 11% 42% 41% 42% 40% 40% 43% 46% 40% 42% 46% 0% 0% 23% 19% 8% 30% 134%( 56%) 0% 0% 4% 59% 11% 1% 9716 0%
92% 71% 49% 33% 22% 16% 12% 8% 39% 38% 39% 39% 37% 38% 42% 39% 39% 43% 0% 0% 25% 20% 10% 29% 120%( 53%) 0% 0% 4% 48% 11% 1% 9059 0%
92% 71% 50% 34% 25% 18% 14% 11% 40% 39% 44% 39% 39% 40% 44% 40% 39% 39% 0% 0% 25% 20% 9% 33% 130%( 52%) 0% 0% 3% 52% 10% 2% 7639 0%
88% 64% 42% 27% 18% 13% 9% 7% 34% 33% 35% 34% 33% 34% 37% 36% 35% 41% 0% 0% 22% 18% 7% 27% 105%( 49%) 0% 0% 3% 41% 10% 1% 7629 0%
94% 74% 54% 38% 27% 20% 15% 11% 43% 42% 42% 42% 42% 41% 44% 44% 43% 46% 0% 0% 27% 23% 8% 32% 136%( 56%) 0% 0% 3% 54% 11% 1% 9126 0%
Confirm DFM is having API timeout with filer.
U:\>dfm host diag <hostname>
XML (http port 80) Timeout. Could not read API response.
I noticed DFM log is complaining about API issues:
Nov 21 08:46:15 [DFMMonitor:DEBUG]: [9256:0x2ac8]: Error: Unable to allocate memory for monitoring dfmon: api.
I might have to log a support case
Andrew.
With that last bit of info from the dfm logs it becomes more clear. I think there is a very good chance you are encountering issues related to memory consumption on the storage controller. In short, the controller limits the amount of memory available to API calls to ensure it doesn't interfere with the stability of the system. If the system is busy (lots of memory in use) then the allocation for some perf APIs (which are big consumers of memory) are the first ones to fail. I think this is exactly what is happening in your situation. Fortunately, there are fixes available for DFM to be use the APIs in a more efficient way and in Data ONTAP to be more efficient when allocating memory to respond to those API calls.
The bugs you need to check are:
DFM: 741312. Fixed in 5.2P2 and newer.
Data ONTAP: 698743. Fixed in 8.1.4P1 and higher in the 8.x release family. See here for full release list that include the fix.
The problem is according to the version info you provided earlier you are already running releases with these two fixes!
I would suggest you open a support case for more detailed analysis.
Cheers,
Chris Madden
Storage Architect, NetApp EMEA (and author of Harvest)
Blog: It all begins with data
P.S. Please select “Options” and then “Accept as Solution” if this response answered your question so that others will find it easily!
Thanks heaps for the responses! These are my comments:
Chris, I've checked those options. It is not setup as you mentioned in your reply, however the settings currently configured don't seem to be causing this issue for other systems.
I don't believe it's due to network errors or firewalls. The periods where the performance metrics are not updating is relatively predictable and we often don't lose statistics for both controllers in a HA pair at the same time (I would generally think if it's network related both controllers in the HA pair would experience similar stat outage periods - their networks are setup identical in terms of VLANs and are connected to the same switches).
GidonMarcus, versions are as follows:
- ONTAP: 8.1.4P4 7-Mode
- DFM: 5.2.1RC1
François, that's very interesting information! While my Vmware admin is telling me we don't run VASA currently, it does sound like a similar situation (Slow API response!). The controllers seem to have slow API responses around the times the controllers are very busy. Periods of no statistics occur when:
- Server backups are running (In-guest backups).
- Snapmirrors are replicating (And sometimes for a period after the replication is completed).
It could be a combination of these system heavy tasks and other management systems overloading the API buffer (I'm not sure if that's a thing, but you know what I mean). Thanks for the idea for zexplore and packet trace of the mgmt interface. I should be able to do some comparisons and see if there is a particular management system causing API storms.
I really don't think it's a DFM issue, as it just looks like the controller itself is not responding to DFM. There could be a work around if I could configure DFM to wait longer for API response, but I haven't found option yet (it may not even exist!).
Andrew.
Interesting info that one node in the HA pair is ok while the other is not, and that it occurs on a predictable schedule which coincides with heavy workload.
In Data ONTAP APIs and CLI are handled by threads that run at a lower priority than most others. As a consequence, if the system is super busy and out of total CPU, those processes might have to queue a long time for CPU (i.e. starved). This design prioritizes frontend client work when resources are scarce. Maybe the system is just so busy that this situation is occurring? You could try running "priv set diag;sysstat -M 1" to see if CPU is scarce in that time window. The most interesting columns are AVG (total CPU use) and Host (which includes API work). If you post a snippet here we can take a look. Or, you might want to open a support case to get more troubleshooting steps to isolate root cause.
Cheers,
Chris
Hi,
We experienced a very high api latency, we tested that with zexplore simple <system-get-info/> and remarked that during some time in the day, the filers was very busy to respond to api request, more than 1 minute.
pktt on frontend mgmt interface was used to determine the source of these api, bugy VASA provider service installed on windows server (used on for vcenter ) was the cause.
François
versions?
Hi,
Do you have TLS on (options tls.enable on) and ssl v2 and v3 off (options ssl.v3.enable off, options ssl.v3.enable off)? Might be something to try because the negociation of versions can sometimes fail and v2 and v3 are cracked/unsafe anyway.
Have you verified your network is clean of errors? Do you have any firewalls that could be interupting communications?
Just a few ideas if the issue still persists.
Cheers,
Chris Madden
Storage Architect, NetApp EMEA
Engage digitally throughout the sales process, from product discovery to conﬁguration, and handle all your post-purchase needs.Cyptus-WoW
Google Ads
Vote für Server
Report Sent
Thank you!
Your report has been sent to TopG Team.
Info
We are exited to announce our release of the server, the server requires no patches to play, but delivers custom experience in both gear and zones. Custom tournaments will be held when we can with cash prizes to be won for the best PvPers!
Online Spieler – Vergangene 24 Stunden
No jobs or recruitments.Univ’s Early Years Support Fund
Univ has a very special history of germinating great ideas – from the first endowed college to the Blavatnik School of Government, the Opportunity Programme and Beacon.
Equally, the Univ community is something very special and the support of our Old Members has meant that the Univ North development is progressing rapidly, with a breaking ground event now planned for the summer of 2022.
However, many organisations – including universities – are increasingly having to compete to both attract and retain the very best students, academics and staff. Many of these groups have young families, yet nursery places in Oxford are expensive, scarce and, frequently with long waiting lists.
The Univ North site will be landscape-driven, incorporating gardens, orchards, wildflower meadows and beehives. By building a nursery there, alongside flexible financial support for early years childcare, we will be creating an unrivalled community for all generations to live, work and study in; allowing them to focus their energies and make the most of their Univ experience.
But we need your help, particularly at the start of this endeavour.
With your support we can give the Univ community the resources to offer the very best academic and collegiate experience.
Details on how to make a gift, can be found here.
All gifts to the Early Years Support Fund will be considered by the College for recognition on the Univ North site. For full recognition FAQs please contact Development@univ.ox.ac.uk.
Please join us in helping the Univ community flourish, enabling and supporting academic excellence.

“The family friendly environment and the people of Univ provided the most wonderful backdrop to our studies while living at Staverton. The new plan of building a nursery would be wonderful for both students and Fellows. It was the most memorable time as we obtained two DPhils and a Staverton Thesis baby. All these together make Univ a real second home.”
Physics DPhil Student and Swire scholar Professor Chien Jung Lo (2003, Physics)
Top image © Layn Marlow
Published: 10 November 2021Help with AD Groups in Rules
(Full Version)
All Forums
>>
[ISA Server 2004 Firewall]
>>
Access Policies
Gabe2434
->
Help with AD Groups in Rules
(16.Sep.2004 4:00:00 PM)
Hi All,
Weve recently setup a WIN2K3 server with ISA 2004.
We are using ISA as a single adapter. Now the problems we have encountered are through setting up a simple rule to allow certain users to use MSN messenger, over Port 1863.
If I add new single users from the domain - the rule works correctly, and they can use MSN messenger. If they are not in there, they are blocked.
If I add one of my preset AD groups for MSN messenger usage, they can connect.
If I remove a user from this group in AD, and then try and connect, the user still can!
EVEN IF the user is not in this group, and any other group is added (i.e a test group) the user can still connect!
I have made sure that the rule is above any authorised user rule.
So why is ISA2004 not picking up the AD groups correctly??? It works completely fine with just single users...
Anyone have any ideas.
Cheers!
Gabe
tshinder
->
RE: Help with AD Groups in Rules
(17.Sep.2004 4:55:00 AM)
Hi Gabe,
1. Install a second adapter
2. Make sure that each adapter is on a different network ID and network segment
3. Create an access rule that allows the required protocol
HTH,
Tom
Gabe2434
->
RE: Help with AD Groups in Rules
(21.Sep.2004 1:24:00 PM)
Thanks for the reply
We are currently only using ISA 2004 as our web proxy, it is not our default gateway.
AD Groups added into access policies do not work at all. Yet single users from the AD tree do.
Is there anything to try?
I have setup a Verifier from ISA 2004, and it can see and register my AD server OK.
thanks
abruggeman
->
RE: Help with AD Groups in Rules
(3.Oct.2005 9:13:00 AM)
Hi all,
I searched around in the forum and the description in this thread was most similar to the problem that I have.
Our ISA 2004 enterprise edition has 3 interfaces and is part of our domain. I use AD user groups for control, so I add the AD user group to an ISA user group and add this to my access rule. When creating the rule, it works (most of the time).
But when I add or remove a member to/from the AD group, it is not picked up by the ISA: Added members cannot connect (denied by the default rule), and removed members can still connect (allowed by the access rule where this user group is in). Only when I add the users directly in the ISA user group (not in the AD group) it works.
It looks like the ISA is not checking changes in the AD groups when authenticating.
Can anyone help?
Thanks,
Albert Bruggeman
Page:
[1]Moving into Levittown in 1940
First, I would have been discriminated against. That is what I would had felt in the 1940’s. The dream of owning your first home specially when houses were affordable for the first time in the US would have been beautiful. My family would have their firs sense of being in their own home and have the feeling of finally being a homeowner and be considered part of the American society as a Latino.
But the reality of the 1940’s would had been a different experience; Not being born in the US and being the first immigrant to settle in the US would had given me a disadvantage. This situation would had created a great deal of unhappiness and frustration in my life. Firs, because I would have had my children born in the United States. My children, at a very young age, would have had a very hard time understanding why their parents were not able to get a new home and explaining the reason why would had added even more hard times for them. I cannot imagine what people of my race or any other minority experienced during the 1940’s affordable housing movement.
Society in the US has been very hard in accommodating, admitting or accepting nonwhites into their society fabric and it is unfortunate continuing to be that way in many suburban areas in many cities of the United States today. It is a reality today that many new immigrants are confronting today, and discrimination continues not as bad but still exist.]
Some examples-
#Let's square all the numbers numbers = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10] squares = [n**2 for n in numbers] #squares = [1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100]
#Let's square only the odds numbers = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10] squares = [n**2 for n in numbers if n % 2] #squares = [1, 9, 25, 49, 81]Hello SM owners, I have experienced the dropping ceiling syndrone of Amels and have solved the problem with fore and aft mahogney strips
would like to know the full repair procedure should I chose to do the proper repair, if there is one. Thanks for any input.Bill Rahmig, SM72
The new topic will begin with this message. Subject of the new topic:
© 2021 Groups.ioEpisode 7
What Does It Mean To Be A Man with guest Vince Miller
July 12th, 2018
29 mins 2 secs
About this Episode
What does it mean to be a man? This question proves to be a difficult one for both women and men to answer. It is not just about growing up. It is not just about being the opposite of a women. It is not just about pursuing virtue.
Vince Miller believes the true answer to this question is found in Jesus Christ. How does this truth play itself out for men in the home, at work, and other areas of life?
Paulette Kutzler joins the conversation to share her perspective on the topic, bring new ideas to the table, and ask additional questions.
Vince Miller is not afriad to bring up tough questions and topics in the conversation of manhood in the home and in the workplace.
Buy your copy of "Thirty Virtues That Build A Man" here:
Learn more about Vince's ministry at Resolute here:Celebrate the immense talent of our Russian Oil Painting class at their first exhibition at the Miles Nadal Jewish Community Centre. Enjoy the breathtaking range of landscapes and still-life paintings in the heart of the downtown core..”
This collection of landscape and still-life paintings captures both a deep shared tradition and highly personal experiences. Russian art institutions have long praised a realist approach. These traditional roots form a foundation for many of the featured artists, and simultaneously creates a jumping-point for more gestural and expressive brushstrokes. The artists’ experiences of living in Russia and/or other Eastern European nations as well as moving to Canada provides a complex and particular groundwork for representing land and space.
Oil Painting Exhibition – Keep the Light
Dates: Saturday, January 5 – Wednesday, January 30
Location: Miles Nadal JCC – 750 Spadina Ave, Toronto, ON M5S 2J2
Please visit during their regular business hours. Free admission to the exhibition.
Join us on Wednesday, January 9 from 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm for a special reception. Meet some of the artists and enjoy complimentary refreshments. Admission is free.D
dzl 1 4mw 2 8 mw 4 2mw heating supply coal wood chip fired hot water boiler; recommended product from this supplier factory price dzl automatic chain grate coal fired hot water boiler; lowest price high quality dzl series industrial boiler; dzl automatic horizontal water fire tube hot water heating boiler for
Biomass Fired Boiler List. Coal Fired Boiler List Zhob - Coal Fired Boiler List Zhob
2020-8-25 · Chain Grate Boilers fuel can be coal, lean coal, biomass, Coal fired boiler types have DZL, SZL, SHL, DHL, get the coal fired chain grate boiler price now. GET A QUOTE CHAT ONLINE. DZL Packaged Chain Grate Boiler. DHL Series Coal Fired Corner Tube Boiler. Capacity: 20-75 t/14-116 MW Pressure: ≤3.82MPa Fuel:
Boiler parts, Boiler preheater, heat pipe air preheater / tubular air preheater heat pipe air preheater, is an important boiler part. It can be divided into two kinds, Tubular type air preheater and Vertical type air preheater. Coal fired single drum chain grate steam boiler Item/parameter/ model DZLW1-0.7AII DZLW2-0.7AII DZLW2-1.25AII
ZG Series CE Certificated Utility Chain Grate Coal Fired Boiler Features: 1. The boiler proper adopts corner tube pattern, self-supporting structure. The supporting structure is stable and compact. 2. The furnace and descending fuel gas duct adopt total welding
dhl series corner tube chain grate boiler inspection. Boiler Combine Water And Fire Tube . combined oil fired boiler seller - Steam Boilers For . china oil fired steam boiler seller - marvelousacademy.in. Industrial Vertical Steam Boilers Supplier fire tube boiler 2 ton Saudi Arabia for sugar industry coal fired steam boiler cost for Israel buy 1.5 ton boiler cost for laundry wuxi boiler oil
2020-7-17 ·
2020-7-28 · Chain Grate Boiler also can be called as stoker boiler. Industrial boilers in ZG has won international certification and price, such as ISO9001, CE, ASME, GOST, IBR, etc. Our ZG Boiler can supply different boilers such as biomas boiler, coal fired boiler, hot water boilers, steam boiler, horizontal boiler, CFB boiler, and so on.
If there is a need for customers we recommend boiler type, 50MW power generation boiler produced by Zozen has two options, one is a circulating fluidized bed boiler, one is a corner tube chain grate boiler, fuel can be biomass, coal or co-firing. 
costa rica palm kernel shell fired boiler for sale. Large furnace, low velocity design; the application of wearproof tube technology, reducing erosive abrasion. Extend the residence time of coal particles in the furnace so that the coal can be fully burned. Bell jar type hood
4,103 coal fired chain grate boiler products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba.com, of which boilers accounts for 48%. A wide variety of coal fired chain grate boiler options are available to you, such as industrial, power station.
If there is a need for customers we recommend boiler type, 50MW power generation boiler produced by Zozen has two options, one is a circulating fluidized bed boiler, one is a corner tube chain grate boiler, fuel can be biomass, coal or co-firing. 
2020-7-21 ·Achievements
‘As a toddler, my parents introduced me to Mozart and Beethoven at bedtime’
Samaira Mulchandani, a student of Apeejay Panchsheel Park, bagged the first prize at an inter-school western music competition held recently
Samaira Mulchandani, a student of class 9 at Apeejay Panchsheel Park, was introduced to global music as a toddler through legendary artists such as Mozart and Beethoven, among others. In fact, music has been an integral part of her life, says the 13-year-old, who recently won the inter-school western music competition BreakOut 2021 in ‘solo singing’, organised virtually by Amity International School Saket. While music is her passion, she also has other talents. Samaira loves sketching—her subjects are usually Disney heroes. Besides, she has also published a fiction book titled ‘The Empire of Enchantments’.
In an interview, Samaira tells us about the song she sang at the competition, how she developed her love for music, her favourite artists and more. Edited excerpts:
You sang Judy Kuhn’s ‘Colors of the Wind’ for the virtual competition. What made you choose the song?
I believed in the song. Initially, I could not make up my mind between ‘Strong’ by Sonna Rele and ‘Colors of the Wind’–both are beautiful songs. But I could relate to the latter better at that moment. I love the vibrato in it and the variations in scale in the entire song are beautiful. The song itself is very inspiring as it makes us question if we value the simpler things in life, which make the world so beautiful. The lyrics are very thought-provoking.
On winning the competition, how did your family react?
My family was overjoyed; they always are! Be it a big win, a small win or just participation, my mother always cries! When I see her eyes moist, I get to know I am singing well. Since I saw her listening to my song a hundred times even after submission, I knew something was right. I am very lucky to have a family that gives me so much confidence and has immense faith in my abilities.
What did your teachers and classmates at Apeejay School say?
My western music teacher, Amit Upadhyay Sir had complete faith in my performance. He and Rishi Shankar Upadhyay Sir always encourage me and boost my confidence. The driving force, Rekha Srivastava Ma’am, has always guided me well since class 2 and has made sure I don’t lose focus. I am blessed to have such ‘gurus’ who have been my guiding light. It is very motivating when your teachers praise you. I love sharing my songs with Abida Ahmad Ma’am, Shweta Roda Ma’am, and Aanchal Chugh Ma’am as they always have something delightful to say which makes me very happy and inspires me. My classmates and music group have been very generous with their compliments regarding my singing. In fact, they have heard me sing more than they have heard me talk.
How did you develop an interest in music? When did you start singing?
My parents say that I started singing before I learned to talk. I used to watch Disney movies and at that time I loved singing ‘Sing Sweet Nightingale’ from Cinderella. When I was a toddler, I was made to listen to Mozart and Beethoven at bedtime. Music has been a very integral part of my life right from the beginning. I have been singing ever since I was four years old, but it has been six years or so since formal training started.
Who are your favourite musicians?
I enjoy listening to Sonna Rele, Naomi Scott, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Judy Kuhn and Lea Salonga these days. Songs which are inspiring and positive interest me. I love listening to French songs as well by singers like Maeva Meline, Sara’h, Anais Delva and Hiba Tawaji.
Do you also like Indian music? What kind of songs do you listen to?
I like Indian music as well. In Hindi, I like listening to songs by Alka Yagnik and Monali Thakur, to name a few. Apart from Hindi and English songs, I enjoy listening to French versions of English songs as well. These songs have helped me immensely in getting comfortable with French. I can sing most of my favourite Disney songs in French as well.
Are you undergoing formal training in music?
I was undergoing formal training in Indian vocal music earlier but because of the Covid-19 pandemic, it had to be discontinued. Now that the situation has improved, I shall resume soon.ul
Student Artwork: Sketches by Devika Prakash, Apeejay School, KharghTag: supportGlow
To the Struggling Latina: We Are Rooting for You
Latinas are known for their passion, strength, and spirit. We are born fighters. We come from a long line of strong women that silently...Parenting
The Tía Title: Why the Auntie is Such a Crucial Player
Parenting is no joke. I may not know everything about parenting, but I have been around plenty of families to see the hard work...ONTAP Discussions
I have an 8040 pair and my cluster failover group contains 4 LIFs for Node1. 1 for each port e0a, e0b, e0c, e0d. Only ports e0a and e0c are connected to eachother and the bnode has the correct cluster interfaces. This must have gotten created during cluster setup. I was able to remove 2 of the lifs but the failover group "Cluster" still contains all 4 network ports. if I try to remove them i get an error that I cannot modify failover group "Cluster" because it is autogenerated by Broadcast domain "Cluster". Broadcast domain "Cluster" cannot be modified so I now have ports in the failovergroup that wont work. Is it possible to remove them?
Hi,
You can use network port broadcast-domain remove-ports -ipspace Cluster -broadcast-domain Cluster -port <nodeN:portB,nodeN:portD> to remove them from broadcast domain cluster and use as data ports.
Live Chat, Watch Parties, and More!
Engage digitally throughout the sales process, from product discovery to conﬁguration, and handle all your post-purchase needs.Rogaine 60ml/2% months supply3 months supply
60ml/2%$195.00$65.00 per item
- 6 months supply
60ml/2%You save $60.00$330.00$55.00 per item
Rogaine 60ml/5% months supply1 month supply
60ml/5%$95.00$95.00 per item
- 3 months supply
60ml/5%You save $30.00$255.00$85.00 per item
- 6 months supply
60ml/5%You save $90.06$479.94$79 »Most people have heard of the riads in Morocco. Traditional guest houses where the rooms all face onto an open central courtyard, open to the sky. Riads face inwards to provide privacy to those in the house, with small gardens and soothing fountains offering peaceful respite from the hubbub of the world outside the door. A… Read more
medina
Breakfast in Fes Medina, Moroccoon April 29, 2016
Filed in: Food Experiences, TravelWhy Use Rat Control Services?
Rats are creatures that can live in your home and cause sickness and disease to your family members. If your home is infested with rats, then you should immediately call your rat control services to help exterminate rats in your home. Using rat control services have many benefits. Here are some good reasons for hiring a rat control service to eliminate rats in your home.
If you think that you can exterminate rats from your own home, then you might be disappointed to know that doing this is a difficult task. It takes more than just buying rat poison or using a rat trap to eliminate rats in your home. For all you know, you might only be eliminating a few of them but after a few days more rats will be seen running around your garden or even inside your house. You should hire professionals to do this job so that you are assured that the rats will indeed be eliminated permanently from your midst. Foods left on your dining table or in the kitchen can be eaten by rats. Rat droppings and pee can go to your utensils and different parts of your home. It can endanger the life of a person who ingests food or even particles of food that has been contaminated with rat droppings or rat’s pee. People can die when this happens. If you love your family, you would want to keep them out of his danger. If you want a lasting solution to your rat problem, then you should hire professional rat control services.
The best rat control service will use high-grade products and equipment that can eliminate rat infestation permanently. They have knowledge and expertise in dealing with different types of pests. Every pest has its own method of termination so this is true with rats as well. Rats can be permanently eliminated from your home through the methods and products that they use. They will not only eliminate the rats found inside your home, but they will make sure that no rats will come back to your home from the outside.
With rat control services, you can have great peace of mind that your home and family will be safe from harm. The risk of ingesting rat dropping or rat pee will be completely removed. Even things in your home can finally be free from these things.
The best rat control service to hire is that which has been in business for many years. Experience makes experts so a service that has plenty of experience in rat control will be experts in this field. You can trust them to know the proper way of doing their job. With rat control services you will have a truly clean home, free of pests and free from health risks. If you call your rat control professionals today, then your home will soon be free of rat infestation.
On Services: My Rationale Explained
Getting To The Point – PestsWatch: Amazon Prime Video to premiere much-awaited Drishyam 2, drops teaser
Amazon Prime Video on Friday, announced the global premiere of the highly anticipated Malayalam-thriller Drishyam 2 exclusively on the streaming service
Mohanlal in Drishyam 2
Amazon Prime Video on Friday, announced the global premiere of the highly anticipated Malayalam-thriller Drishyam 2 exclusively on the streaming service. Starting the New Year with a bang, Drishyam 2, starring Mohanlal will record its world-premiere in 2021. Keeping excitement amongst fans at its peak ahead of its much-awaited release, legendary actor Mohanlal dropped the teaser of the film on 1st January 2020, a little after midnight. Written and directed by Jeetu Joseph, Drishyam.
The upcoming Amazon Original, which will begin from where Drishyam left off, promises to raise the stakes with double the thrills. The teaser gives us a glimpse into the life of Georgekutty, played by Mohanlal, and his family and how they are coping with the fall-out from the fateful night. With the entire family harbouring a secret that could make or break them, the gripping teaser, sets the premise of what lies in store. Speaking about the film actor Mohanlal said, “Drishyam was one-of-a-kind thriller film,ishyam 2 is a labour of love, we hope to rise to the expectations of our die-hard fans. So sit back and enjoy from the safety of your homes with your family and loved ones.”
Watch:409 W. 45th Street, 3rd FloorNew York, NY 10036
David cofounded Axis in 2007. Axis connects parents, teen, and Jesus in a disconnected world. Every year Axis speaks to 10,000+ students face-to-face and every month Axis' digital products equip 458,000+ parents, grandparents, pastors, and teachers.
Praxis is a creative engine for redemptive entrepreneurship, supporting founders, funders, and innovators motivated by their faith to love their neighbors and renew culture.I always love tweaking things to make them a bit more functional or even just a little most pleasing to the eye. Since I’ve been staying home a little more than usual, I’ve found myself noticing even the smallest of things that could use some improvement.
One of those recently was the nightclothes I sleep in each night. For winter, it’s always heavy flannel PJs because I love the extra warmth and coziness, but during the summer I usually go for something lightweight and cool. This summer I pulled out two cotton gowns I’ve worn in the past and found they weren’t comfortable at all.
The main issue I had with both gowns was the sleeve design. They have a very short, cap sleeve and I kept finding the sleeves were prone to getting twisted under or around my shoulders. I hated that feeling so I started thinking about what type of summer pajamas would best suit me, what style would be my favorite.
Not sure why but my mind suddenly went back to the shorty pajamas I used to wear as a kid. They were always so comfortable! I can recall more than once in elementary school, going to the bathroom at school and being surprised to find I was still wearing my shorty pajama bottoms underneath my dress. Anyone else wear shorty PJs as a kid and forget to take off the bottoms before heading off to school? You know your pajamas are comfortable when you forget to take them off and wear them under your school clothes! lol
I dug around inside my pajama drawer and found an older pair of Ralph Lauren shorty pajamas that I had completely forgotten I even had. I wore them that night and though they were a little smaller than I would have preferred, they slept really comfortably. They were short-sleeved but there was plenty of sleeve length so they didn’t get wadded up under/around my arms when I turned over in bed.
The next day I went shopping online for shorty pajamas and I found these. The reviews looked great so I ordered this pair. They came in three colors/patterns and this was my fave of the three. They also came in a pants style. (You’ll find all three patterns here: Shorty (and long) Pajamas.)
Here’s a close up of the design. The background is more of a pretty aqua blue as shown in the photo above, not sure why my camera didn’t pick that up. Anyway, I really love the bird trellis/wreath design! I normally wear a small in tops but I purchased these in a medium since I wanted them to be nice and loose. The medium turned out to be perfect.
I washed them when they first arrived and hung them to dry because I didn’t want to risk any shrinkage since they are 100% cotton. They dried quickly and I wore them that night. They slept wonderfully and made me wonder why I had ever stopped wearing shorty pajamas during the summer months. I immediately ordered a second pair, again in the same design since I loved it so much.
These pajamas are so comfortable, sometimes I’m up running around the house doing stuff before I realize I’ve never changed into my usual “uniform” which these days is white scalloped Talbots shorts, a cotton Lilly Pulitzer shirt and my fave Ecco sandals. By the way, just noticed this morning that all Talbot’s shorts are currently on sale here: Talbot’s Shorts.
These shorty pajamas are so comfortable, I just hope I don’t find myself one day walking into the grocery store still wearing them! I wouldn’t put it past me because sometimes I can be so “goal” oriented, I forget to even brush my hair. Have you ever done that, run out the door to the store, then halfway there realize you never even brushed your hair? I’ve done that enough times in the past, I now carry a small brush in my glove box. I hope I’m not the only one who does stuff like that! lol
Is This Normal?
So, I love these pajamas but I noticed something this morning when I was taking these close-up pictures that I had not noticed before: the print on one pair of the pajamas is upside down on the front. Actually, both pairs are sewn this way, except it’s the back of the shirt that has the upside-down print on the other pair.
I’m not sure why they are sewn that way since there’s a seam at the top across the shoulder, so they aren’t constructed of one big piece of fabric. On one hand, it sorta bugs me, but the pajamas are so comfortable and they are so inexpensive, it’s not enough to make me want to return them. If I had noticed it before I washed them, I may have reordered just to see if they came that way again before washing the first pair. Since I didn’t notice and loved them, I did order them again. Both times they came with either the front or the back design of the top, sewn upside down.
I have sewn a little in the past, costumes for my son, pillows for the porch, etc…, and it seems to me that the design could have been turned upright on both sides–or is there something that I’m missing? Is there a valid reason why they would need to be sewn with the front and back facing two different ways.
Ideally, I would prefer the birdies be upright on both the front and the back. One advantage to them being upside down on the front is when I look down at my top, the design is upright for me. So there’s that! lol
Fortunately, the other two designs (below) that this pajama set comes in don’t really appear to have a right or wrong direction to the pattern.
I do definitely recommend this pajama for the comfort and the super reasonable cost, but don’t get the birdie design if you want all your birds facing upright on the front and on the back. You’ll find these Shorty Pajamas here: Shorty Pajamas.
I am a sewer and these were definitely sewn incorrectly. Perhaps that is why they were so inexpensive. It obviously does not affect the wear, just looks “off”. I say enjoy them!
Thanks, Cindy! They are so comfortable, I’m going to look past the upside pattern on one side. Good advice! 🙂
Yes, that is a production/sewing error…. it mostly likely was cut that way to either save fabric or the quality control person, missed looking carefully at the pattern when laying out the fabric for cutting. You can’t just take it apart and switch them around….the shapes wouldn’t work! Oh well, at least you are asleep most of the time you wear them! You are a stickler for detail, that is for sure! A good thing mind you! You’d make a good quality control person!
lol I am! Thanks, Toni! Funny thought I didn’t even notice it until I went to take a close-up photo for this post. I guess it must to be noticeable if I’ve been wearing them and just today noticed it.
Ha – Susan you are NOT the only one who forgets to brush their hair, etc! I keep not only a brush, but a lint brush, extra makeup, and earrings in my purse at all times! 🙂
I love your story about the pajama bottoms, and thanks for the heads up on the Talbot’s sale. I just love your posts! 🙂 Hope you have a lovely Saturday!
Ha! Glad I’m not alone! I also have mascara and a lint brush in my car. I like your idea about the earrings…that’s a great idea! I forget those all the time!
Thanks, Barbara! Hope you have an awesome weekend!
I feel ‘naked’ when I forget my earrings! One note regarding the mascara, it shouldn’t be stored in a car (or any makeup for that matter) as that can encourage bacterial growth and you could get a nasty eye infection.
It was either done to somehow save fabric (that’s why they were inexpensive) or someone just wasn’t paying attention…..(it’s tough to get good help these days!)
🙂 True!
Agree with Jenaay, as most likely to save $$$/fabric. Often too another thing they do is not cut fabric on grain so you may end up for example with a side seam in a pant leg twisting to the front. ☺ -Brenda-
They were sewn that way to probably save material. No one will know this but you unless you wear them when you go shopping! lol
lol I’m going to try and avoid that! 🙂
You are definitely righ, that is a sewing error. One my home economics teacher would never have approved! Since they were comfortable and a good price i would just enjoy the little birdies looking up at me in the morning. I loved the shorty pajamas I wore as a kid and teen. I don’t remember wearing any to school, but I’ve had other goof ups like wearing two different shoes. If you find yourself heading to the store and realize you are still wearing PJ’s just head for Wal-Mart, you’ll fit right in.
Oh, that brings back memories. I remember making an apron and a pair of pants (elastic waist) in my Home Ec class in 8th grade.
Yeah, that’s what I’ll do, just keep ’em and enjoy them. They are so comfortable and cute, despite the birdies being upside down.
I did the shoe thing once, too. I had two pairs of boots that were identical except one pair was black and the other was burgundy. I looked down one day at work and had one of each color on. I walked into the break room where all my coworkers were working and pointed to my feet. They all burst out laughing, it was hilarious!
Mary, you are too funny!
The pajamas are made incorrectly !! Inattention to the way the grain and pattern run is the problem. Mass produced, cheap construction results in this error. If it really bothers you just return them, but chances are there are many more made incorrectly.
I’ve already washed them, but even I hadn’t I probably wouldn’t return them because they are so soft and comfortable. They also washed really well with no fading, so I think they’ll last for several years. The price was so good, I’m just going to overlook the pattern being upside down on the bird/trellis pair. Fortunately, it appears to be fine on the other two patterns.
Love the pajamas and that’s what I wear during the summer too. We have a no shoes inside rule at our house so I almost always wear slip-on house slippers inside, even when I’m dressed in street clothes. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve driven to the grocery store and parked before realizing I still had my house slippers on!!
That totally sounds like something I would do! 🙂
Twice I’ve gone to an expensive mall in Guadalajara to shop, looked down after arriving to see I have 2 different shoes on.
Not a seamstress so don’t know why your birds are wonky but I wear old beach cover-ups to sleep in. The kind made out of all cotton Jersey or t-shirt material. They don’t make this type any more that I can find and mine are looking pitiful. I don’t like see through fabric in nightgowns even though I live alone so I don’t know why it bothers me but it does. Even the style of nightshirt I like is hard to find. And all must be 100% cotton.
Ginger, that is too funny! You and I would be quite the pair because I’ve done that only I wore them to work that way! 🙂
I totally agree on the cotton, so nice and breathable, plus it just feels so good on the skin.
My problem is I have extremely narrow feet so when I find a pair of shoes that fit I’ll get them in different colors. But one time I had on 2 completely different shoes on, one pink and the other tan. I couldn’t even buy a pair at the mall because it’s impossible to find narrow shoes here. I felt like everyone was looking at my feet.
Susan, we just have to tell ourselves that our brains are so filled with important things that petty details have no place to stay in our noggins.
I had a difficult time myself looking for 100% cotton nightgowns! Impossible to find but The Vermont Country Store came through with Lanz gowns! A bit more than I wanted to spend but cotton for sleep ware seems like a luxury of the past. So I splurged and bought 3! I’m set for awhile!
Do you ever look for pajama bottoms with pockets?
I love it when they have pockets! My flannel PJs I wear during the winter have two large pockets in the top that will carry a lot of things. These that I just purchased have a single pocket up top. It came in handy yesterday when I used it to hold my cell phone while I was carrying a bunch of stuff. I was expecting a call so needed to keep my phone with me. So I do love it when they have pockets. I wish all pajamas had large pockets built into the tops or at least in the bottoms.
I love the aqua! But… because the design doesn’t match up, it’s a no for me. It’s a bad job on the seamstress morning part. My mom would never let me buy clothes where the patterns didn’t match or line up (in the case of stripes or plaids). She wasn’t a seamstress but was a depression era kid who appreciated quality. No, it shouldn’t be upside down. That’s just wrong and bad craftsmanship.
I’m pretty sure those aren’t cut by hand, they’re cut by a machine.
If the PJs come in several patterns, and the other designs don’t have a directional pattern, I suspect that the machine that cuts the pieces was set to minimize fabric waste, and they use the same setting for every design they send through it. Since the only part of the bird pattern that is directional are the little birds, they probably thought most people wouldn’t notice….
As a Home Ec. teacher in a past life, that would most definitely have been a “Fail” for a do at home project. In class, it would have been supervised and I would have caught it! As a commercial production, it has to be a money saving endeavor since there is definitely a pattern repeat. It would be like hanging every other strip of wallpaper headed in opposite directions. The other PJ’s have a random repeat, so whatever laid out the cutter die, didn’t have to take pattern into account.
I have been sewing for 60 years. They erred.
I love shorty pj’s and have worn them forever. Check out the ones from Soma. Love their fabric.
It’s definitely an error in cutting the fabric, and I think “inexpensive” is the reason. It can take more fabric and time when you have to lay out all the pieces going in the same direction. But it is a sign of higher quality when the direction is right, just as it is when stripes or plaids match. (Stripes that don’t match are a pet peeve of mine, although I know how hard it can be to make them match.). It’s these are pajamas, not to be worn out in public on purpose, I would not worry about it one bit. If they’re comfortable, that’s what matters most.
Oh I love shorty pajamas! Those are cute. I too am putting up with the weird cap sleeves getting my tight in the arm pits when rolling around in bed.
I think I may order some!
And yes – agree with the others, it’s a bad sewing – kinda lazy and not paying attention. Who knows what those poor sewing machine operators are enduring. I guess it cannot be a good thing in any way, shape or form.
I love shorty pajamas. I have a few pairs, but find I usually end up wearing men’s shirts with rolled up sleeves. Because they cover my butt well, yet let air circulate up from the bottom, I usually clean the house wearing them too (a real fashionista, huh? lol! ). Definitely a sewing error, but they’re comfortable and launder well, so enjoy your new shorties. Hugs!
Being a sewer, that would bug me to no end and I would have to call to complain. You didn’t say where they were made. My late MIL sewed little girl dresses in a factory. The pieces are cut out in mass quantities and down the line somebody put the pieces together. The stack was cut out wrong. Maybe why they were on sale. But, they are really cute.
They should all go the same direction. However I bet the cutter didn’t even notice, or the fabric buyer didn’t notice it was a one way design.I had to really study it to see. Close your eyes and sweet dreams. As a former Home Ec teacher what bugs me more is when plaid or obvious large designs don’t match across seams or button plackets.
Hi! I love your blog and follow it regularly. I particularly liked the shorty pj’s you featured this week. I followed the link to amazon and realized it was the US link so switched to the Canadian one as I live in Nova Scotia. What a shock! The reasonable US price of $23.99 on amazon.com was more than tripled on amazon.ca to $89.99. I know the exchange rate is high but nothing near this amount. I was so disappointed. I am going to try and order it from the US site, and hopefully it won’t be too bad. I’m looking forward to reading lots more of your posts! 🙂
Thanks, Helen! Wow, that’s crazy–the price difference! I hope you can order it from the U.S. site!
These are what I need to sleep in year ’round! I sleep in night shirts, but I always (have since I was a kid) get tangled up in them when I sleep. It is even worse now that I toss and turn so much. They would be perfect in the winter for me too as I get so dang hot at night, even though my bedroom is in the 50’s in the winter time. I don’t use a blanket either, just my comforter and a sheet. I will have to check these out. As for the pattern, they were definitely sewed wrong. Unless a machine cut them out and the fabric was put in wrong or something. That is a little irritating that the fabric is sew wrong, but they are comfortable, so if you can over look it, just enjoy them. Hugs, Brenda
That’s kind of the way I feel. The price was so good and they are so comfortable oh, I don’t mind that the birds are flying a different direction on the ones are purchased. At least with the other patterns I don’t think it matters which way they face, but I do love the trellis with the birds! I think you would love wearing shorty pajamas because they don’t get twisted at all when you turn over. I love that about them!
Nightgowns are lovely, but over the years I transitioned to pajamas with crop-length bottoms. I ran across the Walmart version several years ago and decided “why not” as they were so affordable that if they didn’t work, the loss would be small. I infrequently patronize Walmart making the discovery all the more unusual. I now purchase a set of pajamas from them on a seasonal basis, and as you note, I wash them in cold water and hang to dry so there’s been little shrinkage. The style is a nice knockoff of the Ralph Lauren tailored pajamas with collar, buttons, and pocket (short sleeves that do not bunch up) and the bottoms are crop length. And they are modest should I get “caught” with them on—which is always a possibility because there are days I forget to change out of them now that I am at home most of the time, a testament to their comfort. They are 100% cotton in a nice weight.Circa: 2010
Set of three Murano glass vases in the manner of Tobia Scarpa. The set has been made using the “battuto” or hammered technique. They are in a beautiful light blue-gray tone. The measurements listed are for the tallest vase. The measurements for all three are listed below.
Tall Vase
Height 14.625”
Length 6.5”
Depth 4.5”
Medium Vase
Height 10.75”
Length 11”
Depth 5”
Small Vase
Height 8”
Length 9”
Note: If you would like a shipping quote, please provide your address below.This press release (below) from the American School of Classical Studies at Athens seems appropriate for Corinthianmatters – as the century-old excavation at Corinth falls under the purview of the School, and as James Wright directs the Nemea Valley Archaeological Project.
**********************************
PRESS RELEASE: AMERICAN SCHOOL OF CLASSICAL STUDIES AT ATHENS ANNOUNCES THE APPOINTMENT OF JAMES C. WRIGHT AS NEXT DIRECTOR
DATE: NOVEMBER 7, 2011
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
The American School of Classical Studies at Athens is pleased to announce the appointment of James C. Wright as the next Director of the School, beginning July 1, 2012.
Professor Wright is Professor and William R. Kenan Jr. Chair in the Department of Classical and Near Eastern Archaeology at Bryn Mawr College and a distinguished scholar specializing in the pre- and protohistory of the Aegean region and Greek architecture and urbanism. Through his research, many publications, and the training of students he has made a significant impact on the field of Greek archaeology.
Professor Wright has a long and deep connection to Greece, the land, its people, and its cultural heritage. He is a fluent speaker of Greek, and has conducted archaeological research in Greece since 1973, at the American School’s excavations at Ancient Corinth, the Sanctuary of Zeus at Nemea, Kommos on Crete, and since 1981 has been involved in several projects in the Nemea region. He is currently the Director of the Nemea Valley Archaeological Project. His association with the American School began in 1972-1973 as a Regular Member, and he also served as the Secretary of the School from 1975 to 1977.
Professor Wright is an experienced administrator who has served on many committees at Bryn Mawr College, at the American School, and elsewhere. He is Chair of the Board of Trustees of Friends Central School, is a member of the Corporation of Haverford College, and, in addition to serving as Chair of his department at Bryn Mawr College, has been the Dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.
Professor Wright holds a B.A. (1968) from Haverford College and an M.A. (1972) and Ph.D. (1978) from Bryn Mawr College.
The President of the Board of Trustees of the American School, Robert A. McCabe, commented that: “We are extremely pleased that Jim will be serving as the Director of the School. He is an extraordinarily able person with a great love for all aspects of Greece and its people. We know he will continue the tradition of excellence that has characterized the School’s Directors throughout its 130 year history.”
Professor Mary C. Sturgeon, Chair of the Managing Committee of the American School remarked that: “Jim Wright will bring to this position many years of active archaeological exploration in Greece, 30 years of teaching experience, and strong administrative skills. We are confident that Jim will use a firm hand in guiding the American School through the opportunities and challenges of the next five years.”
Professor Wright succeeds the outgoing Director of the American School, Jack L. Davis, who will return to his position as the Carl W. Blegen Professor of Greek Archaeology in the Department of Classics at the University of Cincinnati. Professor Wright will serve as Director of the School for a five-year term.
The American School of Classical Studies at Athens is the preeminent American overseas research institution devoted to the advanced study of all aspects of Greek culture from prehistory to the present day. Founded in 1881, the American School is the most significant resource in Greece for North American and international scholars in the fields of ancient and post-classical studies in Greek language, literature, history, archaeology, philosophy, and art. Governed by a Board of Trustees and representatives from a consortium of over 180 North American colleges and universities, the American School provides outstanding academic programs for students, teachers, and post-doctoral scholars. The School has. The American School also sponsors excavations and provides centers for advanced archaeological research in the Athenian Agora and Corinth, and houses the Wiener Laboratory for archaeological science in Athens. By agreement with the Greek government, the School is authorized to serve as liaison with the Greek Ministry of Culture and Tourism on behalf of North American students and scholars for the acquisition of permits to conduct archaeological work and to study museum collections.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT: Irene Bald Romano, Administrative Director, U.S. office of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens, 6-8 Charlton Street, Princeton, NJ 08540, 609-683-0800, ext. 23; iromano@ascsa.org.July 13, 2017
By Jennifer Bihm
Assistant Editor
“Sickle cell doesn’t really have advocates,” said Dr. Yutaka Niihara, CEOEmmaus Life Sciences and LA Biomed investigator, who has focused on helping to improve the lives of those who suffer from the disease for over twenty years.
Research into a viable treatment for the condition hasn’t really been taken seriously. Maybe, he said, because it affects minorities. Or maybe, because not enough people in the U.S. (about 100,000) suffer to garner a profit in the pharmaceutical industry.
But on Monday, July 10, medical experts, advocates and county leaders, joined Niihara at LA Biomed headquarters in Torrance, to celebrate the Food and Drug Administration’s approval, of Endari, a breakthrough treatment meant to vastly improve the health and well being of those affected by sickle cell, a chronic and debilitating blood disorder that touches the lives, mainly, of African Americans and Latinos around the world. Funding for the research has come from the FDA and the National Institute of Health. The drug has been about 25 years in the making.
“It’s an honor to be here, watching what’s going on at LA Bio Med,” said Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley- Thomas.
“We celebrate today the FDA’s approval of Endari, which will significantly improve the lives of the thousands of people in the United States who suffer from sickle cell disease. It represents hope for millions of people around the world.
“This is the first new treatment for pediatric sickle cell disease and the first new treatment in twenty years for adults. This is a big deal…”
Sickle Cell is characterized by abnormal hemoglobin, a protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen throughout the body. According to NIH medical experts,. The result is crisis.
As a young doctor, Niihara had only known about the disease via textbook. When he began to witness emergency room patients going through crisis, he hadn’t realized initially the magnitude of what they were feeling. That was, until he started to listen.
“I used to listen to their stories,” Niihara recalled.
“That’s when I realized how much they were suffering and that no one was really taking their pain seriously. I felt that I had to protect them.”
Niihara would make sure they had adequate pain medication and that they were comfortable. But he wanted to do more. And, though he found it difficult to get pharmaceutical grants for research, he continued to find ways.
Twenty eight-year-old sickle cell patient Juanita Gougis is grateful for Niihari’s determination. She knows all too well about crisis. It’s what she has suffered since being diagnosed at age 2. She is grateful, she said, for having had the privilege to participate in the Endari clinical trials.
“I heard about the treatment as a sophomore in high school,” she told the Sentinel.
“I wanted to try it because I didn’t want everything I did to be a potential crisis,” like swimming for instance, which she loves.
Before that, she had been a frequent resident at the hospital, having to basically schedule her life around the disease.
“I remember wanting to go to my high school prom and changing my mind because I didn’t know if I would be in crisis and have to be in the hospital that day,” Gougis recalled, “or being in the hospital during Thanksgiving or Christmas … putting my family through that, where they wouldn’t even open presents until January, waiting for me to get out of the hospital …”
When she started the treatment, she hadn’t stopped to notice how her life had improved right away, simply because she had been too busy enjoying life. She had gone from being admitted to the hospital at least once a month to about twice a year.
“I was able to focus on how much fun I was having (focusing on school and swimming and just living life),” she said.
That’s because Endari, according to Dr. Niihara, induces anti oxidant activity in the body, that is unique to sickle cell.
“The body gets rid of viruses, etc. through oxidation,” he explained.
“But too much oxidation is bad. It’s like on your skin, where it can cause sunburn. That’s what it’s like inside the body …”
“I remember the days when we walked along this campus and [Dr. Niihari] telling me about the work,” Ridley Thomas recalled.
“He never, ever wavered. He never lost hope …”Gold And Silver Cocktail Napkins
Goldco Is Actually Rated # 1 away from All Gold IRA Companies
Goldco is the greatest gold individual retirement account investment firm out there. The costs are reasonable, and also the security is actually unrivaled. The provider takes a very personable approach to its own clients while additionally ensuring faster and also less complicated profile command with unparalleled reliability.
There is actually a number of pliable profile choices, as well as the profile owner possesses personal control over each component. It is actually ideal for superior growth and gains, as you will certainly view in our Goldco assessment.
Godco Pros & Cons
Benefits
– A lengthy background of knowledge (15 years and also counting).
– A+ Bbb ranking (and extremely high scores across the board).
– Provides services for precious metal Individual retirement accounts.
– Concentrate on client knowledge.
– Fantastic market value for price.
Disadvantages
– Minimum required investment of $25,000.
The Bottom Line – Do Our Experts Suggest Goldco?
Goldco is one of the only client-focused gold investment firm. It places the customers’ enthusiasms initially and delivers learning on all issues before one commits. It likewise practices a client-centered version that enables much better personal management over funds as well as profiles.
Gold And Silver Cocktail Napkins
Goldco gives several storage space choices, top-notch IRS-approved precious metal products, and full transparency of all charges before any kind of contracts are authorized. They are a reputable provider along with a lengthy history of creating customers satisfied.
Most of us recognize the securities market has its own ups and also downs. When financial crises reach, individuals have a tendency to freak out. Equities, connects, investment funds, as well as other unobservable assets can transform dramatically in worth. Physical gold or gold and silvers are a lot less volatile as well as most likely to alter in worth. Mostly, the worth of gold only ever before climbs. It is actually a great assets to help cancel retirement plans.
“Goldco is in my point of view on of the very best gold IRA investment firm out there. The costs are actually decent, as well as the security is actually unparalleled.”
CEO – Famous Gold Entrepreneur
GoldCo Rates Information.
There are actually a number of fees for Goldco account owners, each single and annual. Do not stress; they’re fairly low-cost. In addition, there are incentives for those that put in a great deal.
The single costs feature a $fifty individual retirement account setup fee and also a $30 wire cost. The yearly expenses consist of an $80 servicing cost and a $one hundred-$ 150 storage fee, relying on if you opt for non-segregated or segregated storage.
There are actually 3 storing possibilities: DDSC non-segregated storing for $one hundred, Brinks Salt Pond City non-segregated storage for $100, as well as IDS Texas set apart storage space for $150.
If you create a first investment of $50,000 or even more, the charges will definitely be waived for the 1st year. There is actually additionally a 5% back in totally free metals.
Goldco Minimum Required Investments and also
Costs
To set up an account with Goldco you must offer the minimal expenditure of $25,000 for IRAs or $3,500 for non-IRAs. It is a significant amount to place in right at the start, however it is effectively worth it. Incorporating a massive initial payment to your IRA will certainly safeguard and defend your retirement plan.
As far as expenses as well as fees are actually regarded, there’s very little to worry about along with Goldco. The single expenses are reasonable, and also the annuals fees are actually a lot more therefore. Relying on the protector as well as storage space possibilities you make a decision to opt for, the rates will differ, however usually communicating, they are certainly not too expensive.
The larger your preliminary assets, the even more advantages you will get. If the volume mores than $50,000, you will definitely not need to pay out charges for the first year, and you are going to be actually provided a 5% back in precious metals that you can easily contribute to your individual retirement account. This bargain is superb as it will definitely quite practically give you complimentary amount of money.
Gold And Silver Cocktail Napkins
Goldco Client Reviews
Goldco is actually premier by clients. They hardly ever possess problems and also have actually possessed none in the last three years. The Better Business Bureau rates them an A+, as well as Customer Issues gives them virtually five stars. Despite where you look, consumer and service assessments are actually practically all perfect.
Goldco Independent 3rd Event
Client Reviews
There is virtually nothing adverse to be found in any sort of Goldco assessment. Customers always come away satisfied along with their experience. Goldco cares about what people consider them, as well as it shows. They placed a ton of attempt right into sustaining business buyer alliance. They settled minority issues that have ever cropped up in the past quickly.
It is actually nearly difficult to get a team of people to agree on something, yet when it pertains to Goldco, very most offer it a five-star rating. That is actually pretty impressive.
Some commonalities between factors folks talk about in their reviews are the reasonable prices, the welcoming as well as valuable workers, swift and qualified management, and the ease with which documents and transactions go through. That’s a deal that is actually hard to follow by nowadays.
Gold Manual Ranking: 9.8/ 10
AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
Pros:
• Aside from offering Gold and Silver IRAs, Augusta Rare-earth elements additionally delivers coins and bars available for private investments.
• Delivery and also insurance policy are consisted of free of cost with all investments.
• Augusta Valuable Metals is actually very rated and well-trusted.
Downsides
• The full list of IRA-eligible silver and gold pieces isn’t detailed on the website.
What is Augusta Valuable Metals?
August Precious Metals is a gold investment company that can aid people diversify their financial investment collection through incorporating silver and gold. They market silver as well as gold pieces as well as bullion and may additionally help individuals put together brand new Precious Metals IRAs or roll-over an existing retirement account in to a Silver or gold IRA.
Possess you determined it is ultimately time to transform your portfolio by buying precious metals? Or even, perhaps you have actually been actually listening to some beneficial things regarding buying silver and gold, however aren’t very sure if it is the best financial move for you. Whether you prepare to flirt, or just seeking to know a little much more regarding purchasing rare-earth elements, you’ll intend to look at Augusta Precious Metals.
Augusta Priceless Metals is a gold investment firm that assists people obtain silver and gold for individual financial investments and also setting up Gold or Silver Individual retirement accounts for retirement. If you’re thinking about whether Augusta Priceless Metals is actually the greatest gold investment company to choose away from the numerous possibilities on the market, take a couple of mins to review our review. Our company’ll share more regarding the firm, the solutions they deliver, and also some pros and cons associated with picking Augusta Valuable Metals over a few other gold investment companies.
Augusta Priceless Metals is actually committed to deliver first-rate customer service to their customers. Each member of the staff is actually well-informed, expert, and also prepared to supply help and direction to people trying to buy gold and silvers. The provider’s internet site discussed their top 3 dedications to their clients: being actually fully transparent along with prices as well as costs, simplifying the procedure and doing 95% of the legwork for clients, and assisting each personal individualize their portfolio to meet their individual needs.
Augusta Valuable Metals has an A+ score coming from the Better Business Bureau, the best rating achievable from TrustLink, 4.8 away from 5 superstars from Google.com customer reviews, 4,8 away from 5 superstars coming from Facebook customer reviews, as well as an AAA ranking from your business Consumer Partnership. These evaluations coming from strongly contented consumers need to entice individuals that are on the fence concerning utilizing Augusta Gold and silvers that they are a highly-trusted and reputable business.
Gold and Silver IRAs.
One of the primary companies Augusta Gold and silvers supplies is actually assisting people put together a brand new Gold or Silver individual retirement account or carry over an existing retirement account into a Gold or Silver Individual Retirement Account. Buying gold and silver can assist expand your profile as well as protect you versus the volatility of the securities market. Buying precious metals additionally enables you to hedge against rising cost of living if the value of the buck reduces.
Silver and gold have actually been highly-sough after for many years as well as there is actually no indication that that is going to change. Liquidating these gold and silvers is actually likewise easy and effortless, which is certainly not thus along with other kinds of expenditure, including real estate. Gold and Silver Individual retirement accounts are actually a type of self-reliant IRAs and also give the very same income tax benefits of various other retirement life assets profiles.
Putting together a Gold or Silver IRA with Augusta Priceless Metals is actually straightforward. They have actually efficient the process, so it will not take much of your opportunity to receive everything established as well as acquire a few of your funds purchased rare-earth elements.
The first step is to team up with one of Augusta Valuable Metals self-directed IRA managers to set up your brand-new individual retirement account. You’ll at that point fund you account, either along with private amount of money or even along with the funds coming from an existing retirement account. As soon as the profile is moneyed, you can easily add a few of the numerous IRA-eligible silver and gold coins delivered by Augusta Rare-earth elements to your account.
If you may not be sure whether your existing pension is actually entitled for a roll-over, get in touch with a member of the group at Augusta Gold and silvers, as well as they can deal with you to establish if it is entitled. Augusta Priceless Metals vetted many Silver and gold individual retirement account custodian providers and selected only the most effective to deal with their customers. The accessible protectors include: Equity Count on, GoldStar Trust Company, and Kingdom Depend on. When you partner with any of these managers, a participant of the Augusta Gold and silvers will certainly function along with you as a contact.
Shipping and also Insurance.
Delivering and insurance policy are consisted of totally free along with all purchases from Augusta Precious Metals. If you’re purchasing gold or silver for an individual retirement account, they are going to be safely provided to the IRS-approved depository you decided on where they will definitely additionally be entirely covered. If you safewill simply be actually covered till you sign for them, and then you will definitely intend to deal with finding secure storage and also acquiring brand-new insurance coverage.
All shipments coming from Augusta Metals are inconspicuously packaged to more secure your financial investment. A lot of purchases ship within 7 to 10 business times after the acquisition is comprehensive. Once the purchase is shipped, you will obtain an email along with tracking info.
Features.
1. They can assist you establish a brand-new Metals individual retirement account or carry over an existing retirement account right into a Precious Metals IRA.
2. Acquiring silver or gold along with Augusta Metals may expand your portfolio and provide monetary safety and security.
3. Augusta Valuable Metals possesses structured the procedure for putting together an IRA so it fasts and also easy.
4. Members of the crew are actually readily available if you possess concerns or require help receiving your IRA established.
5. In addition to putting together a Valuable Metals Individual Retirement Account, Augusta Metals additionally offers gold and silver for sale for private expenditures.
6. There is a large assortment of IRA-approved coins as well as various other gold and silver gold and fee pieces on call for acquisition.
7. IRA gold and silver coins are kept in a protected IRS-approved amenities.
8. If you create a personal expenditure, you reside in management with where you would like to save your coins.
9. The website provides a myriad of sources, devices, and info to aid individuals find out more concerning setting up a Silver or gold individual retirement account as well as acquiring metals.
10. They are very extremely measured with Google, TrustLink, the Better Business Bureau, and also numerous various other sources.
Last Judgment.
If you prepare to transform your assets through buying silver and gold, either via a Precious Metals individual retirement account or even a personal assets, Augusta Gold and silvers may aid. Their internet site is actually well-organized and their team members are actually very proficient as well as receptive to assist you receive all the information as well as solutions you need to have prior to moving funds as well as purchasing silver or gold. See their web site today to get going!
1. What Is Actually A Gold IRA Carry Over?
A Gold Individual Retirement Account Rollover is actually when you relocate a retirement account to a Self-Directed individual retirement account holding physical rare-earth elements at an internal revenue service accepted vault for its owner.
2. Background Of Gold IRAs.
Individual retirement accounts were first launched in 1974 when Our lawmakers passed the Worker Retirement Income Security Act. It had not been until the Taxpayer Alleviation Action of 1997 was passed that people were permitted to store particular valuable metals, such as gold, silver, platinum and palladium in their retired life accounts.
Gold And Silver Cocktail Napkins
3. What Types Of Retirement Funds Get A Gold Individual Retirement Account Rollover?
Individual retirement accounts.
You can easily transmit any existing Typical IRA, Roth IRA, SEP INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, Easy Individual Retirement Account or Personal Directed IRA to a gold individual retirement account.
401( k) s.
If you have an inactive 401( k), suggesting you no more team up with the company that developed it, you can easily implement a gold IRA roll-over. If you more than 59.5 years old as well as have an existing 401( k) via an existing employer, you may be eligible for an “in-service” circulation, allowing you to accomplish a predisposed gold IRA rollover.
403( b) s.
A 403( b) plan is a retirement account provided to employees of public schools as well as tax obligation exempt associations. You can finish a carry over with a 403( b) planning after you have ended job. And sometimes, you can do a partial gold IRA transactions after you’ve turned 59.5 via an “in-service” distribution.
457( b) s.
A 457( b) plan is a retirement account provided to condition and also local government employees, including police officers, firemens as well as various other civil servants. A gold IRA rollover is actually simply enabled along with 457( b) plans once job is actually terminated or sometimes at 70.5 years old if still functioning.
TSPs.
Thrift Savings Programs are actually government-sponsored pension for Federal workers, like civil servants and also armed forces. You can easily carry out a gold individual retirement account rollover along with a tablespoon plan the moment job is ended. And in many cases, you manage to carry out a partial gold IRA rollover via an “in-service” distribution if you have actually arrived at 59.5 years of age.
4. How Perform I Transfer My Present Retirement Account to Precious Metals.
So as to relocate your existing pension, you must first develop a Personal Directed individual retirement account with a custodian that permits you to store bodily gold and silvers. Your picked gold dealer is actually very likely to be sanctioned along with a number of custodians for you to pick from. The majority of steels suppliers will definitely also assist you to complete the paperwork to ensure a soft transmission.
Moving From A Typical, Roth Or SEP IRA.
If you are actually relocating funds coming from your existing individual retirement account to a brand new Self Directed profile, you’ll simply complete a transactions request kind along with your brand-new request. Your transactions ask for type has your existing individual retirement account’s standard info, including the present protector, your label, account amount, as well as the quantity you’re transferring.
Relocating funds between Individual retirement accounts are taken into consideration a direct move since you certainly never take possession of their funds.
A direct transmission normally takes between 10 and 14 days. You can easily quicken the procedure if your existing custodian allows faxed transfer request records and if they’ll deliver your funds through cord rather than inspection.
Rollover Coming From A 401( k), 403( b), 457( b) Or even TSP.
If you’re relocating funds from a 401( k), 403( b), 457( b) or even TSP account to a new Personal Directed precious metals individual retirement account, it is actually gotten in touch with a roll-over. A rollover is actually enabled when you modify projects or have retired. If you end 59.5 years old as well as still used along with the company that made your 401( k), you may obtain an in-service distribution. An in-service circulation would certainly allow you to carry out a predisposed rollover, therefore consult with your planning administrator to affirm if you qualify.
There are actually 2 distinct forms of roll-overs, direct as well as indirect.
Secondary rollovers usually tend to be a lot more difficult. With a secondary carry over, your existing 401( k) company sends you a check for the earnings that you place into your personal savings account. You then possess 60 times to re-deposit those funds in to your brand-new IRA. Failure to reinvest the cashes into an IRS-approved program within the allotted 60 days develops a taxed celebration and also if you are under 59.5 years old, you will certainly additionally incur a 10% penalty.
A straight transactions between custodians is actually less sophisticated. With a direct transfer, your 401( k) supplier are going to issue an examination payable to your brand new custodian. They will certainly at that point send by mail the inspection to you to ahead or even they will definitely deliver it straight to the protector in your place.
Many 401( k) suppliers can trigger your gold individual retirement account carry over verbally over the phone. Government-sponsored retirement accounts need you to accomplish their personal interior rollover papers. The full rollover method can easily take in between 2 and 6 full weeks.
Note: The IRS just permits one rollover (every profile) during the course of twelve month. Having said that, you are enabled limitless custodian to custodian moves.
5. Recognizing Tax Obligations and also Needed Minimum Required Distributions (RMDs).
When you move your existing IRA to your brand new self-reliant account, it is actually certainly not a taxable event considering that you are actually relocating funds in between certified, tax-deferred plannings. The same regulations relate if you carry out a rollover coming from a 401( k), 403( b), 457( b), or even tablespoon.
How Do I Take Required Minimum Required Distributions From My Brand-new Account?
An RMD is actually the minimum amount you should withdraw yearly the moment you’ve met 72. The previous threshold was actually 70.5 however is currently 72 as a result of modifications achieved in the Establishing Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement (SECURE) Act.
All pension apart from Roths go through RMDs.
The manager computes RMDs through breaking down the previous year’s account difference on December 31st by a circulation duration coming from the internal revenue service’s “Attire Life time Table.” The moment you are actually 72 years old, your protector will definitely provide you with the lowest amount you have to remove annually.
Along with a cash money RMD, you have the option to take an “in-kind” distribution, whereas the vault will certainly deliver your metallics to your residence.
When you request a cash circulation, a lot of managers will definitely send ACH settlements completely free as well as on any timeline you pick. Please, consult your tax qualified to work out the income taxes associated with your RMD.
6. Choosing Your New Manager.
Specific styles of physical gold, silver, platinum and also palladium are officially acceptable in an Individual retirement account, certainly not all managers give this service. Below is a listing of “12 Popular Personal Directed Custodians” that give physical metals profiles. The custodians provided either charge a standard expense or a moving range based upon profile value. Usually, flat charge structures are extra cost-effective.Many hitherto not-talked-about topics discussed here:
- How IPL generates Black money – An explosive interview with Dr. Swamy.
- Why Dr. Swamy wants an e-Auction instead of Manual action.
- How a few vested interests are trying to corner the lucrative cricket contracts
- Why was Chennai Super Kings expelled from IPL?
All these discussed for the first time!
Complete transcript:
Sree Iyer In conversation with Dr. Swamy
Hello and welcome to PGurus Channel, I am your host Sree Iyer, I am here with Dr. Subramanian Swamy, Member of Rajya Sabha, Dr.Swamy welcome to Pgurus Channel.
Sree Iyer: Dr. Swamy in one of your tweets few days ago you had mentioned that IPL contributes fully 30% of all the black money generated in India, would you take care to expand on that.
Dr. Swamy: The tickets are only small part, the broadcasting rights they usually are valued at about 150 thousand crores and the money goes into match fixing then the franchise’s bidding all this add up to generation of black money per year about 1/3.
Sree Iyer: A Friend of mine told me a very interesting tidbit this is the first few editions of IPL may be first three or four editions. He mentioned first there were only 8 teams, he said, that of all of the teams, Chennai Super Kings was the most efficient, most cleanest.
Dr. Swamy: Yes, Chennai Super Kings is cleanest and Srinivasan was out of the control of Dawood and slowly started began moving its central gravity of cricket moved from Bombay to Chennai, where Dawood didn’t have network. So they targeted him and the media was purchase and most of the sports commentators are buyable, they can be bought and ran a campaign. Now ultimately a rigged PIL was filed, which was discovered later and PGurus wrote about it. Supreme Court was shy to touch my evidence, because there whole thing would have collapsed. They knew that I understood and I didn’t press although all the email of all the petitioners and the respondents and all in collusion meeting to each other do like do like this. Lalit Modi actually financed that PIL filed by Bihar Cricket Association.
Now, then the target was Srinivasan and moreover the Tamil people, because Srinivasan perhaps was a Brahmin they didn’t support him, Mrs. Gandhi and Ms. Jayalalita did not support him even though she may been born out of Brahmin parents but fact that is she just used it as a political tool when necessary but strictly speaking she was always carrying the favor of these extremists the LTT types. Srinivasan was left high and dry; finally when the final judgment was given by Supreme Court they put the paragraph saying that we completely exonerate Mr. Srinivasan.
Sree Iyer: That never found its way into newspapers.
Dr. Swamy: Absolutely. Many a times the facts have not made it into the newspapers. It is a total conspiracy and then they put a ban on him for two years, when you are exonerated then how can you put a ban. On the grounds that his son-in-law, it was not an arranged marriage. He is a Chettiar boy and in my opinion is stupid. He was accused of match betting and not match fixing and he lost money in it and still put a lifelong ban on him.
Sree Iyer: Just to make it to even they one other guy from North Indian team also and put ban on that guy also.
Dr. Swamy: Yes one more from Rajasthan. So, that was all Dawood game.
Sree Iyer: Cricket as a game is the one thing that its great unified if the country start rooting for the game but in this muck that has crept in terms of like match fixing sometimes they go to even lesser details certain ball is going to be a no ball and they take bets and so on that. there was a one HC judgment that said where betting in cricket is not illegal because cricket is game which involves much more than just pure chance unlike card trick or Roulette game because you have to think about strategy and the wicket and the judgment and so on but I don’t see any startup companies doing anything on this which can make online betting legal.
Dr. Swamy: No I would think that should not be allowed the line between fixing and betting is too thin and stakes are too high.
Sree Iyer: Today, Bet365.com is an England based company and you can bet India games there.
Dr. Swamy: They don’t have access to Indian cricketers, it’s that Indian People. So that’s rigging.
Sree Iyer: It seems like every so often this thing periodically raises it raises its head and again its hushed down and do you see the next year Chennai Super Kings will probably be back as the two year ban ends.
Dr. Swamy: Srinivasan will be back.
Sree Iyer: We have to really admire his spunk because he was against the rest of the establishment.
Dr. Swamy: The money of the entire cricket matches were pooled at one place called ICC – International Cricket Control Board and that ICC when he became chairman he certainly said how come India which puts in 80% of the money is getting 20 % of the allocation. He got it back to 80% that was another thing because the other entire ICC officials were white people. They have permanent jobs and they felt threatened by this man and Srinivasan is kind of a reticent guy. He was educated in Chicago and particularly during emergency because he had come there for a lecture. I mean just targeted him and distorting was unbelievable never seen such a blatant lie and then Sharad Pawar and Jaitley all politicians he was no match for politicians.
Sree Iyer: These people are doing deals widely all the time with each other, very sad. As a rule Re-entry of Srinivasan even in a limited manner as an IPL owner.
Dr.Swamy: He will come back and it is obvious thing for if Tamils had any self respect. After he had made them into a champion both in T20 and 50 over match, this comeback as Chennai super kings are champions. These matches are thrilling, they are drawing huge revenues and they had all stars led by Dhoni. Dhoni flowers when you give him free hand and they have given him free hand, they projected him. Dhoni was also subject to Dawood’s attack but by then it was too late and he had grown too big. The Tamil Nadu Cricket associated or Tamil Nadu societies act should not have been amended to say BCCI may say anything, we have separate thing. He would have developed TN to a point where everybody would have been forced to would come into the tournament and nobody would have gone to BCCI.
Sree Iyer: After all BCCI is just a private organization…
Dr. Swamy: One thing I must say that SC has done which I admire specially this Justice Thakur and Justice Lodha. They have devised a new principle which is going to support us in politics and so many other things. They said, Yes, BCCI is a private organization but it deals with the public and takes money from public through issue of tickets and the state give police and give them stadium makes road arrangement, security and therefore it is subject to judicial review of the court on the basis that you’re fundamental rights have been violated in some way.
Sree Iyer: Excellent observation.
Dr. Swamy: Now what has happened is that no political party can say expel anybody. Previously it said it’s a private thing, it’s our association of voluntary individual and courts have no business. But because of BCCI judgment now if you expel somebody and someone says you have not followed the constitution, 99% times you don’t follow it. You go to Court.
Sree Iyer: In fact that was one of the things held against Srinivasan, he used to followed the rule book meticulously and whenever he would come up with an observation the rest of the group couldn’t say no because he had done his home work. I mean, what really saddens me is here is person who is really good at what he does, he has done well for the cricket barring a few cricketers who said that they owe their success to him, everybody kind off buried their heads in the sand.
Dr. Swamy: There is nothing to be sad about. This is Kalyug. Those who have to fight have to fight and ultimate against all odds.
Sree Iyer: The last on this topic you have just moved SC on a E-auction of the IPL rights so they already did that thing manually because whatever happened, happened so where do you see that thing progressing.
Dr. Swamy: The E-Auction matter would have won, there was one problem, it was actually a part of Lodha reforms but the SC had decided that they had enough of this BCCI so they delegated to committee of administrators headed by Vinod Rai.
Vinod Rai, surprisingly after taking long during his tenure as CAG said E-Auction should be done. E-Auction is recommended by the central vigilance commission, it is public policy announced by Modi himself in 2014 and it’s obviously transparent. Manual auction is just a name. It’s actually called for tenders and opening the tenders and seeing whether anybody has bided biggest. Now, it not like Sotheby’s where they are auctioning, bidding where it all open and they say raise your place.
I would say it’s a tendering process, it would be wrong to say manual auction. The Vinod Rai should have said this is the requirement of the Lodha Commission reforms. I direct as an administrator that there should be E-auction; I don’t know what happened to him. I have very high regard for so I am not in a mood to actually motives. The guy said no he said falsely that this is best way to maximize revenues which are not true. We can now in the next year would show. The whole thing was rigged, one of the ways of rigging therefore, if he had to bolted SC would understand he the man we being appointed repose faith in him because there is reputation on the CNG. Now if we start saying you are doing this properly, it puts us in an awkward spot. So we left it, if rigging wasn’t this way and we had predicted that start TV will get it. Star TV had a financial relationship with the chairman of the IPL Mr. Rajeev Shukla. It was a bogus deal, and I wanted show this bogus deal because star network has not been an advertising agent for anybody. There’s small TV station which is owned by Rajeev Shukla and his wife.
Sree Iyer: So, they had to have him in whole mix.
Dr. Swamy: They had a deal advertising deal, we will collect advertisement for you, and Dish TV had a very poor viewership in Hindi. He is getting international advertisement worth a 100 crores. Now he parted and said, am recusing myself but the ultimate block I faced is that Supreme Court didn’t want to find fault with this right. Now I have gone back and I have documented the things and shown that the trick was if there are so many things television broadcast rights then face book and twitter engagements.
There are six different varieties and ways in which cricket matches publicize. We buy them all together then you get at a lower price for the whole things than if you buy it separately. So, If you buy it separately the problem is that after the TV shows the cricket, 5 minutes later you can still show the same scene, who would like to see the watch Facebook and Twitter when everyone is chewing their nails. So therefore if you had made everybody auction for each one of those you would get two or three times the revenue than if you bulk buy of all that and that’s the reason star TV could afford.
Sree Iyer: You hit the thing on the head because Facebook is trying to diversify into video because Google has a very strong presence YouTube in Video so is Twitter. Twitter covers football games exclusively which means the games that twitter gets the rights on even TV doesn’t get a right on, so you have to watch it in twitter. People are trying to get into this lucrative space. You are absolutely right to maximize the
[…] How IPL generates Black money – An explosive interview with Dr. Swamy – Sep 13, 2017, […].
1.Pgurus stands for “Propoganda Gurus” , all articles claim to be mix of facts/info pulled from here & there from highly placed contacts in ruling party/Govt who leak selective data and propoganda gurus pushes its agenda using selective leaks.
2. Dr Swamy should be christened as Dr Spin Swamy for the spin he creates on every event that occurs to suit BJP/RSS agenda. He also acts as diversionist/deflectionist to save present Govt/Modi Sarkar from real issues public face often dodging and encouraging ill-transparency i.e hiding/lack of data though he portrays an image of keeper of conscience etc. This is no doubt surprising for a man of “chequered career” in academics to politics. Recently QS world ranking for universities across globe puts Harvard still at No:3 in terms of employability,others etc. But Dr Spin Swamy creates his own agenda that Harvard is getting bad etc just because his courses were removed as well as he was chucked rightly so because of his nature of poking his nose into more than 1 thing without doing anythin satisfactorily. Sadly he distorts Gita as well often for this reckless/stupidity/cheating via multi taskin.
Wanted to say this for long time but since yes’day happened to be his B’day waited one more day.
3. Corruption/Black money connundrum is simply a poll plank and no one has any idea of the right quantum of that which is due to come to Indian Govt/excheq both domestically as well as from abroad. All right wing morons create hype and hoopla to fool gullible by quoting misleading wrong figures . What is sad is that many CAs.statisticians themselves do this routinely in BJP/rulin party including Spin Swamy who often take a position as if anatogonistic to Govt/party itself only to fool ppl in the end.
Pgurus will carry this comment if it is brave enough and not retort to callin me names or abusing reader/me for i had used none etc.
Dont care even if they do so...
Disappointing! Dr.Swamy mumbles some figures and says that they contribute to black money. No details. And then they go on to give certificates to N.Srinivasan.
Least explosive. In fact a damp squib!
It’s xplosive as it mentioned Dawood.. 😆😆Complementary Medicine comes to Joey's rescue.
Forgotten wisdom from over 100 years ago, is a guide that the saddle industry needs to be using as a foundation for future training.
After over 25 years of working to improve the way saddling is done, to protect ridden horses, we think that what we do is completely logical, simple, normal and we wonder….why doesn’t everyone do it this way! Yet…. we are still considered by many in the horse industry to be radical, controversial and crazy. These are just the polite descriptions………..there are many more!
As we move into a new decade in 2020, there are glimmers of hope now that other people, are doing more research of their own and I have no doubt that they will come to the same conclusions as us.
Carol Brett and I, co-founders of the BALANCE organisation, kick-started a bit of a revolution in the level of interest in saddle design and saddle fitting back in 1993. It wasn’t our intention to do this, but the reaction to the publication of some of our work seemed to send shock waves around the horse world, because we had dared to challenge the status quo and had, unwittingly, exposed some major flaws that were causing significant damage to riding horses all around the world that had been going unnoticed for many years!
Our experience lay in the training of horses and riders and we both had a particular interest in what makes for efficient movement and performance in both the equine and human. It was this interest and the recognition that saddles seemed to be creating a disturbing level of interference with bio-mechanically correct movement, which pushed us into studying the issue further.
The result of all of this was the creation of what we thought, was a new approach to fitting saddles and a new approach to judging saddle design features as either horse friendly or not. As our organisation was called BALANCE, this ‘new’ saddling method became known as The BALANCE Saddling System.
At the time (1993) there was no proper training for saddle fitters. Horse owners basically assumed that the people who sold saddles knew what they were doing and as so few people were aware of the impact that saddles were having on horses, the saddle industry was muddling along quite happily. There was no deliberate intention to damage horses, but the reality was, that a lack of equestrian knowledge and education, a lack of awareness and for some, a lack of interest, saddle makers, sellers and fitters were using methods that were creating problems for horses that ranged from a mild discomfort to devastating damage and long term disability.
The recognised official influence on the saddle industry was the Society of Master Saddlers. This Society formed in 1966 to serve as a Trade Association for the craft retail saddler. To protect and promote their trade. They were not involved in training /educating their members to study the way saddles affect horses. Consequently, the standards of saddle fitting were highly inadequate. Some basic ‘rules’ tended to be observed, the main focus tending to be making sure that the saddle had plenty of clearance (height) over the withers and that the underside was as close a match as possible to the shape of the horse’s back.
By contrast….The BALANCE Saddling System was very different. The focus was on allowing the horse to try and then ‘choose’ (by demonstrating a preference) the saddle that was most comfortable and allowed the best movement it was capable of offering. The System proved to be a fantastic Remedial Saddling method as well as a brilliant Maintenance Saddling method. Horse owners who adopted the BSS were amazed by the positive changes they saw in their horses. These included:
At that time, both the saddle industry and the BALANCE co-founders thought that the BALANCE Saddling System was a completely new way of fitting saddles.
However, in the early 1990’s Carol Brett came across a copy of a little book called Animal Management, which was produced in the Veterinary Department of the War Office for the first time in 1908.
This is a wonderful book that was written as an instructional guide for those responsible for the management, health and performance of animals used by the army in war-fare. From riding horses to pack mules, camels and Oxen.
The information is fascinating and most of it is as relevant today as it was in the early 20th century. In reading the book, it became clear, very quickly to Carol, that the person/people who wrote this book had a deep understanding of what was needed to keep the animals healthy and functioning well despite harsh conditions.
Carol and I thought that we had stumbled across a better and new way of fitting and using saddles and a new understanding of the importance of getting the saddle and saddling method to support the structures and functional anatomy of the horse….. However, in reading this little hand-book, first produced over 100yrs ago, we could see that what we were advocating wasn’t new at all ……….. it was ‘old’ wisdom that had been diluted and forgotten since the owning and riding of horses had shifted more and more into the hands of people who had little to no deep equestrian knowledge or experience.
So, below, I offer you a copy of just some of the important text from this fabulous resource.
Those of you who are familiar with the BALANCE Saddling System will recognise the same approach in the text below.
*Army saddles were made without padded panels and therefore the army blanket was used instead of flocked or foam panels, but the fitting principles are exactly the same as those adopted by BALANCE back in the early 1990s and still form the reason behind the success of the BALANCE approach.
Military saddle showing the shaped wooden ‘bars’ that needed to sit on the folded Army Blanket
Excerpts of TEXT taken from Animal Management 1908
(book text in black, with specific passages highlighted in blue by me!)
It is safe to say that the pressure is never the same at any two points over the back; it is greater here and less there, depending upon the fit of the saddle tree, so that we never expect to see the whole length of the skin of the back die as a result of pressure, but only those parts where the tree has been particularly ill-fitting and the pressure the greatest.
Relating to the tree
It is obvious that so long as there is good emphasize this question of back muscle; it is the foundation of a clear conception of sore backs and their causes, and it is the basis for all preventative measures.
Blanket.
A blanket beneath the saddle is a most admirable method of protection. It does not lend itself like a panel to graduated variations of thickness, but on the other hand, it can be dealt with by a person without any instruction in the trade of a saddler, and the changes he can effect by altering the method of folding may be brought about in a few minutes
Thick and thin blankets.
A good thick blanket is economy, a thin blanket an abomination; a good blanket folds, a thin blanket wrinkles; a good blanket saves a back from bruising, and lasts some time; a thin blanket has a short life, and is never satisfactory when horses are losing condition.
Uses of a blanket.
The great recommendation of a blanket is that so many useful adjustments may be made by alterations in its folding when a back becomes worn or injured, and this will even be the chief recommendation of a blanket under a military saddle. In fact, a blanket is the only means of immediately replacing artificially the amount of flesh a horse loses, and so enables us not only to prevent the ribs from becoming bruised through the whole weight of the rider being brought closer to the body, but also to keep the arches of the saddle clear of the spine. We must not forget that every ounce of flesh lost on the back brings the saddle nearer to the delicate parts below, and increases enormously the liability to injury.
Folding the blanket.
The saddle blanket is not a square and the method of folding usually adopted in the Service is to make three folds of equal width in the length of the blanket, turning over two feet of one end and passing the opposite end into the pocket thus formed; it is then placed on the horses back with the thick end near the withers.
When speaking of the front arch, we impressed the necessity of it being wide enough to admit the blanket, numnah and whatever else may be placed under the saddle..
Considering that this amazing book was published for the Army it is a bit sad that the current branches of the Army who use horses, don’t put the wisdom into practice today.
In the late 1990’s Carol had an opportunity to spend some time at the stables of the Kings Troop in London. She observed the horses there being saddled with traditional Army Saddles (very similar to the picture above) and blankets that were not folded as recommended in Animal Management 1908. She queried this with the officer in charge and asked if they had seen the book. “Oh, yes, I think we have an original copy in the Museum” she was told. “Have you ever read it?”, she asked….. “No” was the reply!
Carol explained the recommendation for using a greater number of layers under the front of the saddle than the back, to give the horses more protection, assuming that this information might be of interest. However, the officer told that “it wouldn’t be practical, because it was too complicated for the men to get right”. Carol came away from that encounter with a feeling of “what’s the point?' and a little unnerved that people who could not be relied upon to fold a simple blanket were walking around with guns!
Back in the days when Animal Management was written and used as a respected reference, the soring of a horse’s back or girth area was practically a court martial offence for the soldier responsible. It is a great pity that this attitude has been diluted to allow standards to slip to the level of those who either don’t care or are too ignorant to pay attention.
If you get the chance to buy a copy of Animal Management, there are still copies to be found in 2nd hand book shops and I think that most people who own horses would find it a fascinating read. Even relevant to the impact that the rider has on the horse.
In the section on how to load pack Mules in the safest and most efficient way, there is a reference that every rider should be aware of. How many riders do we know who pay enough attention to their lateral balance and the even loading of their stirrups to the extent that the horse needs and deserves?
Here are two more other short passages from Animal Management that might focus the mind on that issue.
Balance of weight. In the ridden horse (referring to injury to the side of the withers or back)
The cause is the want of proper adjustment in the balance of the weight carried. A sword and shoe case on the near side of the saddle will not balance the rifle on the opposite side. A nosebag and feed added to the weight of the sword will help matters, but when the feed is eaten the rifle again causes the saddle to heel over, and to press the side more deeply into the back. horse’s back should be equal on either side of the spine.
The proper adjustment of weight is not a difficult matter, but the patching up of a back injured as we have described is far more difficult.
Balance of weight. In the pack horse
A want of equilibrium in a load is a most serious source of trouble, and one which a few moments attention would rectify. If an animal has a pack of 100lbs (7stone 2lbs or 45 kilos)pounds to carry it is certain he will carry it with more ease, less expenditure of energy, and with less risk of injury if it is so disposed that 50 pounds hang.
One last pearl of wisdom from the book, that applies today, just as it did to the Army horses referred to in the Manual, but is often forgotten by riders today…...
Animal Management was written at a time and in a context where the safety and health of the horse meant the difference between life and death. Winning and defeat. Most of us are not driven by that kind of focus today, and so the motivation for paying attention to the impact that saddles and riding have on the horse has to rely upon a moral and ethical duty of care by the rider to DO NO HARM to the horse.
End
Please note: If you intend to pay using PayPal, please ensure that pop-ups are enabled in your browser.Sahu, Umakant and Rangarajan, Pundi N (2016) Regulation of Acetate Metabolism and Acetyl Co-a Synthetase 1 (ACS1) Expression by Methanol Expression Regulator 1 (Mxr1p) in the Methylotrophic Yeast Pichia pastoris. In: JOURNAL OF BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY, 291 (7). pp. 3648-3657.
Abstract
Methanol expression regulator 1 (Mxr1p) is a zinc finger protein that regulates the expression of genes encoding enzymes of the methanol utilization pathway in the methylotrophic yeast Pichia pastoris by binding to Mxr1p response elements (MXREs) present in their promoters. Here we demonstrate that Mxr1p is a key regulator of acetate metabolism as well. Mxr1p is cytosolic in cells cultured in minimal medium containing a yeast nitrogen base, ammonium sulfate, and acetate (YNBA) but localizes to the nucleus of cells cultured in YNBA supplemented with glutamate or casamino acids as well as nutrient-rich medium containing yeast extract, peptone, and acetate (YPA). Deletion of Mxr1 retards the growth of P. pastoris cultured in YNBA supplemented with casamino acids as well as YPA. Mxr1p is a key regulator of ACS1 encoding acetyl-CoA synthetase in cells cultured in YPA. A truncated Mxr1p comprising 400 N-terminal amino acids activates ACS1 expression and enhances growth, indicating a crucial role for the N-terminal activation domain during acetate metabolism. The serine 215 residue, which is known to regulate the expression of Mxr1p-activated genes in a carbon source-dependent manner, has no role in the Mxr1p-mediated activation of ACS1 expression. The ACS1 promoter contains an Mxr1p response unit (MxRU) comprising two MXREs separated by a 30-bp spacer. Mutations that abrogate MxRU function in vivo abolish Mxr1p binding to MxRU in vitro. Mxr1p-dependent activation of ACS1 expression is most efficient in cells cultured in YPA. The fact that MXREs are conserved in genes outside of the methanol utilization pathway suggests that Mxr1p may be a key regulator of multiple metabolic pathways in P. pastoris.Product Description
Color: Black footprints
Size:40 X 32 X 24 cm
Material: Oxford Cloth
Suitable for less than 6KG pet.
About functions /Dog car seat
Good service
If you have any problems about our products, please feel free to contact us .We are happy to solve your problem and will reply you in 24 hours.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet./>
Foreign acts often tried to release albums in French, or at least a few songs, to penetrate completely this market. The real UFO that is Manu Chao did just about the opposite singing mostly in Spanish with a few tracks in French, Portuguese and English. This one of a kind started his solo career in 1998 a few years after leading underground cult band Mano Negra.Jonjo Heuerman set for second charity walk for Bobby Moore Fund
West Ham fan Jonjo Heuerman is asking football fans to put their rivalry aside to help him in his fight to beat bowel cancer.
The tireless 10-year-old will repeat his heroic 23-mile walk from Wembley Stadium to Upton Park from February 23 to 25, in memory of his grandmother Lyn and former Hammers captain Bobby Moore.
He wants supporters from all 92 professional clubs to join him in adding to the �42,000 he has raised for Cancer Research UK’s Bobby Moore Fund.
Jonjo was joined at his appeal last week at Westfield Stratford City by Bobby Moore’s widow Stephanie.
He said: “Cancer doesn’t have any loyalties, it can happen to anyone, just like it did to my nan and Bobby Moore.
“So what I want is for all football fans to get behind me with this and show that as well as supporting their team, they can help tackle bowel cancer.”
Jonjo exceeded his target by raising �23,000 on his initial walk last February. This was followed by an end of season disco, charity abseil and fun year, he will be joined by mother Donna, father Gary, sister Megan, and family friend Gary.
Fans of Crystal Palace, West Ham, Arsenal, Manchester United, Charlton, OPR and Chelsea have already promised to go along.
Over the three days, they will walk via Westfield in White City, the Imperial Cancer Research UK Centre, the Royal Albert Hall, the West End, and Westfield Stratford City, before finishing with a wreath laying ceremony at Upton Park.
Donna said: “Jonjo is only 10 but he is determined to lead the way on this.
“He somehow has an ability to inspire and unite people that other people don’t.”
Stephanie Moore also paid tribute to Jonjo.
She added: “Last year’s walk was a fantastic occasion that raised much needed funds for bowel cancer research, I’m sure this year it will be even bigger and better.”
To join the walk visit or call Brian and Freda Porter on 020 8301 1713. To donate, log onto.1.) Was I a sparrow with a broken wing?
2 .) Going through life by hopping around.
3 .) Like a Ruppell’s vulture, I now fly when you are smiling.
4. ) I thought my life was sound,
5. ) But that’s for until my eyes could see!
6. ) I now ask myself some questions.
7. ) Do life’s doors require a key?
8. ) If so, why was under this illusion?
9. ) Thinking that all doors were wide open.
10.) Thank got for I have met you,
11.) And all my illusions are broken.
12.) I know with you as my boo,
13.) All my dreams will come true
14.) And through all those doors we will walk through.
Archives for October 27, 2015
flight from her smile
1.) Was I a sparrow with a broken wing?In this audio, I have mentioned three Hadiths pertaining to the day of Jumu’ah, each of them have deeds that are extremely rewarding, all of which are very worthy of practice. Download here
Tag Archives: what to do on a Friday
June, 2021
March, 2014
- 28 March
All you need to know about Jumu’ah
A series of lectures on the above topic, delivered by my Beloved Father, Shaykhul Hadith Moulana Haroon Abasoomar saheb. Download each one here: one two three four five six
February, 2013
- 28 February
Valuable Steps …
December, 2012
- 15 December.What is a Stock Broker?
Stock brokers are educated, certified professionals who purchase and promote orders for shares and securities. They perform a little work over the counter but maximum transactions are completed through the stock marketplace.
We believe every person need to be able to make monetary selections with confidence. And at the same time as our web page doesn’t characteristic each corporation or monetary product to be had in the marketplace, we’re proud that the choices steering we provide, the choices facts we provide and the choices gear we create are objective, unbiased, sincere — and free.
Please note. First Bank will by no means name our clients and ask them to provide and/or replace private account facts such as account numbers, PIN numbers, eBanking ID’s, passwords, debit card numbers and social protection numbers. If you’ve obtained a name and furnished someone your private or account information, please name the choices First Bank Service Center at 800-760-2265.
We have as compared the choices great regulated binary options agents and platforms in July 2021 and created this top list. Every broker and platform has been personally reviewed by means of us to help you discover the excellent binary options platform for each novices and professionals. The sortable broker contrast list under shows which binary buying and selling websites got here out on pinnacle based totally on distinct criteria.
We believe anybody have to be able to make economic selections with confidence. And while our web page doesn’t characteristic every corporation or economic product to be had on the market, we’re proud that the guidance we offer, the choices records we offer and the tools we create are goal, independent, trustworthy — and loose.It seems like tarot cards and emoji spells are everywhere lately, and an increasing number of women are identifying themselves as witches. From “resistance witches” who are hexing Trump to Goop-level new age juices that come with a side of crystals, it’s hard to parse where exactly the modern witch is falling — as a new type of social media influencer, earnest practitioner or somewhere in between.
We talked to Lisa Chamberlain, a witch and Wicca practitioner who has published more than 10 introductory Wicca books and e-books, about how she views the growing interest in witchcraft.
SheKnows: When did you first start identifying as a witch?
Lisa Chamberlain: It was really something of a gradual process. I became interested in Wicca and witchcraft as a teenager, but since it was a bit too “weird” to share with friends and I didn’t want to upset my very religious family, I kept it to myself for several years. I was in my mid-20s before I really understood that this was a central part of who I am and that I wanted to go ahead and embrace it fully. As for my family, we’ve just agreed not to mention it.
SK: It seems like witchcraft is growing in popularity in the last few years. You’ve written several books on Wicca and witchcraft. Why do you think witchcraft is gaining ground again?
LC: I think a lot of it has to do with the availability of information. Before the internet came into widespread use, books and periodicals related to the craft were not easy to come by for the vast majority of people who might otherwise have been interested. We’re also in a period of wider cultural acceptance of people, lifestyles and beliefs that are different from the “norm.” That doesn’t mean that plenty of witches aren’t still in the closet, but there’s less social risk for people who are out about their spiritual pursuits. You could almost say there’s a normalization of witchcraft happening, which then leads even more people to want to explore it and to feel safe in doing so.
SK: What do people tend to misunderstand about Wicca and witchcraft?
LC: That’s a big question. The first thing that comes to mind is that there’s still a mistaken association between the words “witch” and “witchcraft” with Satanism, dark magic or harmful intentions toward others. Many people coming from a Christian background still have this misconception. This is a big part of why the term “Wicca” came into such popular use in the U.S. when interest in the craft was growing in the mid-20th century — it just sounds less provocative or threatening than “witchcraft.”
SK: Wicca has been part of your life for several years, but there’s a kind of derogatory expectation that Wicca is a fad for young women. Where do you think that comes from?
LC: I have no doubt that movies and television shows featuring aspects of witchcraft — like Charmed, American Horror Story, etc. — have sparked interest in learning more about the craft, but I think that young people who are truly drawn to it are coming from a place of knowing there’s more to the world than what they’ve been taught and wanting an experience that confirms their sixth-sense leanings. They may find Wicca to be an excellent answer to these soul callings, or they might find it interesting but ultimately not for them. It’s not much different from people who want to incorporate a more traditional religion into their lives and so try out various churches to find out what they resonate most with.
SK: Does someone have to practice Wicca in order to be a witch?
LC: Absolutely not. There are some who practice specific, coven-oriented Wiccan traditions that have been handed down from the days of Gerald Gardner and his fellow witches, and if you haven’t been initiated into a coven, then you aren’t a practitioner of that specific tradition. But no one has authority over the term “witch,” and there are many people who identify as witches who have never practiced Wicca. There are also plenty of Wiccans who don’t identify as witches, so the whole issue of labels and terminology can get rather tricky.
SK: One of the places witchcraft seems to have become increasingly popular is on social platforms like Instagram and Tumblr. The hashtag “witchesofinstagram” has nearly a million posts. What do you think of its popularity there?
LC: I have to confess that I don’t really understand how Instagram or Tumblr work. I’m pretty old-fashioned in that regard. But given that the bulk of the growing popularity of the craft is happening among young people, it makes perfect sense to me that it’s showing up all over social media. Maybe one day I’ll join them!
SK: Are there any “magic” or “spells” that people tend to do in everyday life without realizing it’s what they’re creating?
LC: That’s a great question. I wouldn’t say that people are accidentally working “spells,” since those are deliberately executed rituals. However, magic works on the principle that your focused intentions are what create your reality, and this is interrelated with the concept of the law of attraction, which is also becoming a more popular topic.
The basic principle here is that you get what you think about, and that’s definitely happening to everyone all day long whether they ever realize it or not. It’s a tough thing to explain because it’s rarely an instant equation — you don’t suddenly discover a $100 bill laying on the ground just because you thought about it — or at least that’s not usually how it works. But if you spend your days constantly focusing on the things that stress you out, you will attract more things to stress you out. If you focus on what’s working out well for you, then more and more aspects of your day will work out well for you. I’ve learned this through my own experiences over the years and through watching the experiences of others, but funnily enough, I didn’t really truly get it until long after I first started learning spell-work.Review Article
Calcaneal Fractures, Treatments and Problems
Abstract
Calcaneal fractures are the most frequent tarsal fractures and represent 2% of all adult fractures. A high-energy trauma which causes axial loading is the most common cause of calcaneal fractures. The majority of these fractures are intra-articular. Particularly patients with displaced intra-articular calcaneal fractures must be evaluated for multiple traumatic injuries. The spine, contralateral lower extremity and the wrist fractures may accompany with calcaneal fractures.
The most common symptom of calcaneal fractures is pain. Swelling is frequently encountered. Erythema and fracture blisters are other findings. Conventional radiological images should include anteroposterior, axial, lateral and oblique views. The subtalar joint, the calcaneocuboid joint and posterior facet should be assessed in radiologic images.
Calcaneal fractures may involve extensive complications. Subtalar joint stiffness and arthritis, heel widening, peroneal impingement, implant-related problems and heel pad pain are the potential complications. The complex anatomy of the calcaneus should be well understood for assesing a calcaneal injury.
Evaluation of the radiological findings and classification of the fracture must be performed before determining the treatment method. There is a large number and variety of classification systems that have been described for calcaneal fractures.
There is a lack of consensus on treatment and operative technique in calcaneal fractures. The treatment of calcaneal fractures must be planned according to different factors such as type of trauma, classification of the fracture, skin condition and injury mechanism. No treatment, conservative treatment, open reduction and internal fixation, primary subtalar arthrodesis, delayed primary arthrodesis and calcanectomy are treatment options. Also minimally invasive techniques have developed over time. Restoring articular congruity and hindfoot morphology are the aims of calcaneal fracture treatment.
Most of recent studies show that open reduction and internal fixation has better outcome in selected patients. Good evaluation, preoperative planning and appropriate treatment bring out better results.Invoice, M Farrar
Maker
Farrar, M
Production date
04 Mar 1865
Object detail
Brief Description
Invoice from Mrs M Farrar to Sir Donald McLean for washing.
Collection
Production date
04 Mar 1865
Production place
Production period
Production technique
Media/Materials description
Handwritten in ink on paper.
Media/Materials
Measurements
Height x Width: 120 x 200mm
Classification terms
Subject person
Subject period
Subject date
04 Mar 1865
Credit line
gifted by anonymous
Other number(s)
m2004/19, 76177
Public comments
Be the first to comment on this object record.Pixel Power randomises idents for ITV2
Pixel Power, the innovative supplier of broadcast graphics and automation solutions, have provided the hardware and software for ITV, the UK’s leading commercial broadcaster, to create a striking new branding identity for ITV2. The never-before-seen look creates random idents that continually change, a move which relies on the unique core functionality of the Pixel Power Clarity.
ITV.
As part of the repositioning of ITV2, ITV Creative worked with its freelance presentation consultant Simon Davis and design house ManvsMachine to create a new concept. The result was the concept of random change in the idents. A large number of dynamic animations – toasters, hammers falling on to clocks, and a traffic jam of jam jars amongst them – are stored on the Clarity.”
Using a page template in Clarity, the ident vision and audio is assembled and played out live. “There are more than 300,000 possible combinations,” Davis added. “ManvsMachine calculated it would take 36 years to watch them all on TV.”
James Gilbert, CEO of Pixel Power, added .”
The power of Clarity, the quality of its graphics and the flexibility of its animation can be seen at IBC2015. Pixel Power can be found on stand number 7.A31.
Future US's leading brands bring the most important, up-to-date information right to your inbox
Thank you for signing up to TV Tech. You will receive a verification email shortly.
There was a problem. Please refresh the page and try again.The German team, Borussia Dortmund, is facing a fiery confrontation against its counterpart Leipzig, at 9:50 pm today, Thursday, at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin, in the final match of the current version of the 2020-2021 German Cup.
Watch the Borussia Dortmund match against Leipzig in the German Cup final
Dortmund enters under the leadership of his coach Eden Terzic, the confrontation tonight after he surpassed his guest team Holstein Kiel, which competes in the German second division, with five goals without response, in the match that brought the two teams together at the "Signal Iduna Park" stadium, in the semi-final round of the German Cup .
On the other hand, Leipzig, the Bundesliga runners-up this season, with 64 points, qualified for the German Cup final with difficulty, after its deadly victory over its host Werder Bremen, with two goals to one after referring to the extra games, in the match that brought the two teams together at the "Visser Stadion" stadium.
Watch the Borussia Dortmund match against Leipzig in the German Cup final
Dortmund qualified for the final of the German Cup 9 previous times in its history before facing Leipzig tonight, where he succeeded in crowning the title 4 times in 1965, 1989, 2012 and 2017, while he finished 5 summer.
The German Cup is the last hope for Borussia Dortmund in order not to go out with a zero season without titles, after it moved away from the competition for the German League title by occupying fourth place with 58 points, 16 points behind Bayern Munich, who succeeded in winning the title for the ninth time in a row.
Watch the Borussia Dortmund match against Leipzig in the German Cup final
While Leipzig, led by coach Julian Nagelsmann, is facing the German Cup final for the second time in its history, as it previously played the final before losing the title to Bayern Munich, with three goals without a response in 2019.
Nagelsmann, 33, is seeking to lead Leipzig to claim his first German Cup title before his departure at the end of the current season to lead Bayern Munich from next season.
Watch the Borussia Dortmund match against Leipzig in the German Cup final
Youm7 TV obtained the live broadcasting rights for the German Cup Final match from the German Football Association through our partner “OneFootball” for the first time in the Middle East and North Africa via the website and TV Al Youm Al Sabea.
To watch the Borussia Dortmund and Leipzig match today, broadcast live without interruption, click here
The seventh day provides a distinctive service to all its followers and fans of global football in general and German in particular by offering a hearty meal about the two teams ’journey and the way to the final match.
It is worth noting that Bayern Munich is the title holder of the last edition of the German Cup 2020, after winning the final match against Bayer Leverkusen, 4-2.Search Results
Narrow search by:
WooHoo! A bank that makes banking easy. Citizens Bank Minnesota is a community owned bank with its main office located in New Ulm, and branch offices in Lafayette, LaSalle, Lakeville, Watkins and Ormsby Minnesota.
105 N Minnesota
P.O. Box 547
New Ulm, MN 56073
For an agent that truly knows New Ulm, MN, you need to call one of the agents at Century 21 Koeckeritz Realty.
1106 S Broadway, Suite 7
New Ulm, MN 56073
416 19th North
P.O. Box 786
New Ulm, MN 56073
761 Main Ave
Lafayette, MN 56054
208 Pine Street
P.O. Box 176
Nicollet, MN 56074
- Citizen participation 1
- City planning 1
- Community activists 1
- Community organization 1
- Community power 1
- Express highways 1
- Highway planning 1
- Maryland--Baltimore--American Can Company Site 1
- Maryland--Baltimore--Butchers Hill 1
- Maryland--Baltimore--Highlandtown 1
- Maryland--Baltimore--Inner Harbor East 1
- Maryland--Baltimore--Wyndham Hotel 1
- Political participation 1
- Urban renewal 1
- Waterfronts 1
- architectural documents 1
- financial records 1
- photographs 1
- reports 1∧ less
- Names
- Boitnott, Carolyn 1
- Legg Mason Realty Group (Baltimore, Md.) 1
- Mikulski, Barbara 1
- Murphy, John C. 1
- Neighborhood Design Center (Baltimore, Md.) 1
∨ more 10:00Spied on japanese teen babe bathes and fingers hairy pussy 10:00Asian teen licks lesbians pussy while being spied on 10:00Spied on japanese lesbo fingers and eats out hairy cunt in hd 8:00Japanese lesbian schoolgirls playing with eachothers small ti 8:00Mature Lez Japanese Business Lady Queens And Fingers Babe On 8:00Japanese Mature Receives Oral From Babe In Kitchen And Return 8:00Japanese lesbian teens eating and fingering pussy with passio 8:00Tiny asian schoolgirls enjoy lesbian love with squirting in t 8:00Japanese schoolgirl fingers squirting teen after receiving pl 8:00Cosplay Saki Miyanaga Goes Lesbian And Squirts With Hisa Take 8:00Petite japanese babes give in to lesbian lust and finger eachPrograms for Kids and Teens The Division of Continuing Education and Workforce Development offers a variety of choices for children enrolled in Kindergarten through 12th Grade. Enroll your child in an individual class or select multiple classes designed to fit your child’s personal needs and style. We offer over 45 College for Kids classes that provide: Academic Skills, including Reading, Writing, and Math The Arts, including Drama, Music, Vocal Training, and Etiquette Health and Fitness, including Hip Hop, Ballet, Belly Dancing, Karate, and Swimming Your child will be amazed how fun learning can be. Our programs for Kids and Teens include the following: College for Kids Saturday Academy (Grades Kindergarten to Grade 8) College for Kids Reading, Writing and Math Classes (Grades Kindergarten to Grade 8) College for Kids Summer Academy Instructional Swimming Classes Test Prep Academy for Elementary and Intermediate School Students High School Tutorial Prep/Regents Review For more information, contact us at: 560 Exterior Street (East 149th Street between Exterior Street and River Avenue), Bronx, New York 10451 Telephone: (718) 518-6656SnowballTheTiel·
Registered
Joined·
16 Posts
My cockatiel had just went through the hardship of loosing his budgie friend and im convinced its because of nutrition problems. Recently ive gotten vitamin water supplements for my bird and he seems to be doing better but no matter how hard i try he refuses to eat vegetables. i tried covering his seeds with veggies but the little guy finds a way to get to the seeds and avoid the vegetables. I want to go to a vet but im trying for one last time to see if i can do anything to start feeding him veggies.Con Kasterborous - July 18, 2015
Post date: Jul 21, 2015 3:13:32 AM
Members of the Tennessee Valley LEGO Club were on hand for the 2015
Doctor Who convention, Con Kasterborous, at the Westin Hotel at Bridge
Street Town Centre in Huntsville on July 18, 2015. The Saturday
segment of the two day event drew about 2000 attendees, according to
con organizers. Jennifer Garlen, Judson Hudson, and junior member Cate
Sparks promoted the club and entertained con guests with a large Dr.
Whooves mural and a small Doctor Who themed town display, all made of
LEGO bricks. The town display included custom made LEGO models of the
TARDIS, numerous Doctor Who characters, and lots of Daleks. Many con
guests were aware of the upcoming LEGO Dimensions set featuring Peter
Capaldi as the Doctor, and younger convention attendees loved seeing
the My Little Pony/Doctor Who mashup and LEGO versions of their
favorite characters from the show.Benefits of SEO for online marketing
The digital world has changed hugely during last few years but the effectiveness of SEO remains the same. This technology is still being considered as one of the most efficient one in the field of digital marketing. So, are you looking for an SEO expert for placing your website on the top search engine pages? Well, then it is always suggested to contact with famous and well-reputed SEO companyfrom where you will get advanced and performing service. Here you must understand the benefits of SEO.
- Enhancement of traffic: The motto of SEO is to enhance the traffic of the website of your company so that your site will get better visibility. To generate informative and keyword based title tags, the need for SEO can never be ignored as it shows up in the search pages.
- ROI: SEO offers trackable as well as quantifiable results, irrespective of the fact that whether the site is an e-commerce or even a non-e-commerce site in order to ensure there is no conflict when it comes to ROI. SEO agencies are capable to track all important aspects of the strategy, like improvement in rankings, traffic as well as in conversions.
- Cost effective: Among various advanced marketing strategies, SEO has become popular because of its exclusive features and among these features cost-effectiveness is the notable one. It’s true that cold-calling can be one of the effective strategies, and leads which will be generated will cost you 61% more than that of the leads which are generated by using inbound strategy and one among them is SEO.
With help of SEO strategies, it will be possible to increase brand awareness and this will help a lot in enhancing the popularity of your business. Hire an SEO agency based on the reputation and experience it holds in the industry.
Tagged online marketing, SEO, SEO company, SEO expertReport a Concern
Submit your questions or concerns by simply locating the form that correlates to your request, inputting the information, and clicking submit.
You can also report a concern to the County by calling or texting 804-376-8909. Calls are recorded for documentation purposes.
- Choose a Category
- Animal Control/Welfare Concerns
- Building/Inspections Concerns
- County Facility/Building Concerns
- Economic Development Opportunities
- Environmental Concerns
- Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request
- Highway Hazard Concerns
- Illegal Burning Concerns
- Noise Concerns
- Parks and Recreation Concerns
- Planning Concerns
- Share Opinion/Community Issue
- Trash Drop-off/Recycling Concerns
- Water, Sewer, or Utility Concerns
- General InquiryAmerican actress of Zimbabwean descent Danai and the star of the zombie TV series, The Walking Dead, dazzles in a colourful editorial for beauty site Byrdie.com. Photographed by Justin Coit and styled by Zoe Costello, Danai dazzles in bold makeup and even bolder prints from Preen, Sacai, Thakoon, Prada and Marni. In the accompanying interview with Byrdie, Gurira talks makeup, fitness and girl power.
Here are some nuggets from her fun interview:
On her The Walking Dead her fitness regimen:
“I bounce around a lot. I took up Pilates, and I’ve been swimming more and more. Sometimes I’m such a gym rat and just want to feel weight resistance, and then sometimes I do Jillian Michaels.”
On empowerment of women:
“There’s a saying in Africa, if you give a woman empowerment, you empower a community, you empower men, you empower man,” she says. .”
Credits:
Photographer – Justin Coit
Hair – Cori Bardo
Makeup – Jo Strettell
Stylist – Zoe Costello
Manicurist – Kimmie Kyees
Engagement Rings
24
Featured
Rococo Solitaire Unique Sterling Silver Ring
Rs. 2,750.00
Rococo Solitaire Unique Sterling Silver RingAdd to Wish List
A Statement solitaire ring that can see you through a traditional function, date night or a party. Rococo Solitaire Unique Sterling Silver Ring has all the glamour you need for the occasion and never goes out of style. This magnetic...
Rs. 2,750.00
Foxy Solitaire Silver Zirconia Ring
Rs. 2,550.00 Rs. 2,040.00
Foxy Solitaire Silver Zirconia RingAdd to Wish List
Upgrade your usual solitaire ring with luxurious, intricate and sparkling Foxy Solitaire Silver Zirconia Ring. This contemporary silver ring is here to electrify your look and show your edgy side to all. Lit up any attire with sensational sparkle of...
Rs. 2,550.00 Rs. 2,040.00
Revere Timeless Square Cubic Zirconia Ring
Rs. 2,500.00
Revere Timeless Square Cubic Zirconia RingAdd to Wish List
Versatile, classy and timeless is how we define Revere Square Cubic Zirconia Ring. You can literally show your sparkling style with this simple solitaire ring. Whether you wear it with contemporary, traditional or casual look the square cubic zirconia ring...
Rs. 2,500.00
Opulent Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia Ring
Rs. 2,700.00 from Rs. 2,430.00
Opulent Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia RingAdd to Wish List
Embracing the Boldiful spirits, Opulent Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia Ring is that one classy jewelry piece you’d always love to wear everywhere. The iconic sterling silver ring has the versatility to fit any look – traditional, modern or contemporary. The eye-catching princess...
Rs. 2,700.00 from Rs. 2,430.00
Buoyant Zirconia Silver Solitaire Ring
Rs. 2,550.00
Buoyant Zirconia Silver Solitaire RingAdd to Wish List
Captivating and beauteous, the silver solitaire ring fulfills your deep desire to shine bright and matches pretty much any attire be it contemporary, modern or ethnic. Elegantly feminine with a round solitaire in center, silver zirconia ring is intricately designed to complement...
Rs. 2,550.00
Royal Solitaire Sterling Silver Ring
Rs. 2,750.00
Royal Solitaire Sterling Silver RingAdd to Wish List
Sheer pleasure to the eyes this royal sterling silver ring is straight out of the golden period of rich Indian culture. Taking inspiration from the tastes of renowned queens and kings of our society, this silver ring designs stands out...
Rs. 2,750.00
Reveler Cocktail Solitaire 925 Sterling Silver Ring
Rs. 2,900.00
Reveler Cocktail Solitaire 925 Sterling Silver RingAdd to Wish List
As the name suggests Reveler Cocktail Solitaire 925 Sterling Silver Ring is for the women who celebrate everyday in style. The unique silver ring has that perfect bling to lit up any attire and a fresh twist to your jewelry...
Rs. 2,900.00
Cocktail Fancy Solitaire Ring in Sterling Silver
Rs. 3,200.00
Cocktail Fancy Solitaire Ring in Sterling SilverAdd to Wish List
This solitaire ring will accentuate your look and is a true showstopper. For the women who love to standout, the Cocktail fancy silver ring will outshine the class. With sparkling pear-shaped crystal colored gemstones, the silver solitaire ring is surely...
Rs. 3,200
Engagement Zircon Solitaire 92.5 Silver Ring
Rs. 1,900.00 Rs. 1,520.00
Engagement Zircon Solitaire 92.5 Silver RingAdd to Wish List
*We follow US Ring Size (Check the product images to find your ring size on the size chart) 92.5 Silver Solid design Zircon Stone Fine Silver finish Handmade silver jewellery Weighs 3.4- 4.5 gm as per the size Easy to...
Rs. 1,900.00 Rs. 1,520Book and Go
Nashville History
Prior to the arrival of Europeans in the 16th century, the area that is now occupied by Nashville was home to a succession of Native American tribes, among them the Cherokee, Chickasaw and Shawnee, who were drawn to the region by its fertile land and plentiful wildlife.
But their reign was came to an abrupt end when Hernando de Soto explored the area in the 16th century, paving the way for an influx of French fur traders. Nevertheless, it took a pair of Britons to construct the first permanent settlement, Bluff Station, which was put up in 1780.
By 1800, Nashville had begun to establish itself as a centre for cotton growing, getting its city charter in 1806 and expanding to become capital of Tennessee in 1843. Its first setback came in 1861, when Tennessee became the last state to join the Confederacy – a move that immediately made Nashville a primary target for Union forces. In 1862, it became the first state capital to fall to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was the scene of a bloody battle in 1864.
In the years that followed, Nashville expanded rapidly, becoming a hub for trade, in particular for cotton and coffee. In 1918, its trading prowess led to a disaster remembered as the Great Train Wreck, which saw an inbound passenger train collide with an outbound express, killing 101 people in the process. The incident remains one of the deadliest in US history.
As the early 20th century wore on, Nashville’s growth remained steady and was barely interrupted by WWI and WWII. Nashville’s music industry was born during the same period, starting with the Grand Ole Opry which arrived in 1920.
By the 1940s, the Opry had moved downtown and recording labels were flocking to the city. The Country Music Association was founded soon after, ensuring the city’s future success. The Opry moved to the Gaylord complex in 1974, and as country music went global, the city’s stock rose even further and it became the iconic destination it is today.
Did you know?
• Elvis Presley recorded more than 200 of his songs on Nashville’s famous Music Row.
• The city also became the first in the US to get a radio broadcasting license, attaining its credentials in 1941.
• Nashville’s 42m-high (138ft)Athena Parthenos is the largest free-standing statue in the Western hemisphere.
Do you have any Feedback about this page?
© 2021 Columbus Travel Media Ltd. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission, click here for information on Columbus Content Solutions.BASIC BIOTECHNOLOGY COLIN RATLEDGE PDF
Bi<<
Basic Biotechnology
See all free Kindle reading apps. To get the free app, enter mobile phone number. Cambridge University PressMay 25, – Medical – pages. A distinctive feature of the text is the discussions of the public perception of biotechnology and rxtledge business of biotechnology, which set the science in a broader context. Alexix tewodros added it Mar 15, Mary marked it as to-read Jun 30, Mahmoud added it Sep 29, Share your thoughts with other customers.
Basma marked it as to-read Aug 11, Educators will be able to use many of the chapters as a source of material for their classes.
Rawisara rated it liked it Oct 16, A distinctive feature of the basif is the discussions of the public perception of biotechnology and the business of biotechnology, which set the science in a broader context. Ahmed Aboelwafa marked it as to-read Oct 13, The fundamental principles are discussed, alongside examples of how biotechnopogy principles are applied.
This comprehensive textbook is essential reading for all students of biotechnology and applied microbiology, and for researchers in biotechnology industries.
Write a product review. Open Preview See a Problem?
Colin RatledgeBjorn Kristiansen. In this new edition of Basic Biotechnology biology and bioprocessing topics are uniquely combined to provide a complete overview of biotechnology. Jiayi added it Jun 13, Want to Read saving…. Autumn M Roessler rated it it was amazing Mar 10, A distinctive feature of this text are the discussions of the public perception of biotechnology and the business of biotechnology, which set the science in a broader context.
The fundamental principles that underpin all biotechnology are explained and a full range biotechnoogy examples are discussed to show how these principles are applied; from starting substrate to final product.
David Eisen burg Limited preview – Cashback within 3 days from shipment.
Basic Biotechnology by Colin Ratledge Editor. Insect and mammalian cell culture.
Basic Biotechnology – Google Books
He has served on almost all the major biotechnology committees in the UK, including Chairperson of the Biological and Biotechnology Research Council. Chong Er rated it really liked it Sep 20, Start reading Basic Biotechnology on your Kindle in under a minute.
Toryn Green added it Oct 21, Ntropi rated it it was amazing Jan 05, Stoichiometry and kinetics of microbial. Page 1 biotecgnology 1 Start over Page 1 of 1.COP26: science to tackle the climate change challenge
The 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) brings together the world’s nations to discuss the challenge of how to tackle climate change. From understanding global emissions, to developing low emissions technologies and building resilient communities, our research is helping meet this challenge. HarleyHickman (1 review written)
i bought my bog standard corsa 1.4 sri about 4 months ago and being a teenage boy ive moded the car. the car has 90bhp standard and im now pushing 130bhp. i have chipped, mapped, cammed and also turboed it, and also added i full scorpion exhaust system, vipor indution kit and GSXR throttle bodies. over all the car looks and sounds amzazing and is a little pocket rocket… Read Full Review
Written on: 27/08/2011 by Tarlyt (1 review written)
I recently bought my first corsa which is an 03 1.4 Sri. Absolutely love the car and in all very happy but noticed after like a week of buying the car the egr valve was faulty, easily remedied by blanking it off with a plate bought on eBay. 5 quid. Still feels slightly laboured when accelerating. Wonder if expecting too much but as I read other reviews on the car people seem to shout out about performance of this car and I'm just not seeing it. Don't get me wrong it's not proper slow but just… Read Full Review
Written on: 05/09/2010
i own a 94 mreg 8v 1.4 corsa sri. I have a cat back with racing exhaust, pipercross intake kit, re-mapped twice, upreated braked.
i've had 125mph, without red-linning it. easily kept within around 3 car lengths to a 1.6sport 16v corsa. so not that bad.
ideal first car to whip around… Read Full Review
Written on: 13/12/2009 by paulsri10 (1 review written)
i havent had mine long, but as soon as i drove it it went like a dreama,i was driving a m REG corsa sri and i never new how good the new C shape is i love driving it, love the style of it, i drive a 05 plate sri corsa and cant stop looking at it, really is a nice little car, if there was a down side i think it should of got rid of the ecotec under the hood… Read Full Review
Written on: 07/11/2009
Had this car a while now and it doesn't always get driven lightly. I've had to change the water pump and the front discs and a track rod end in the time I've owned it. Nothing else apart from oil and petrol. It's only played up once when the EGR valve got bunged up but that's an easy fix, drive 67 miles in 1 hour. :) Or you could clean the valve with carb cleaner. Have around 115 on the clock, 0-60 dunno but I smoked a 1.8 vectra. Engine still is quiet as the day I got it. Overall I'm very… Read Full Review
Written on: 04/11/2009
i love the corsa sri 8 vavle perfect 4 young drivers and relible. am nt a corsa fan but really do love my little sri fast and great handling car. its really the next best thing to the gsi… Read Full Review
Written on: 03/10/2009
Amazing first car!
Yes, it's quite expensive on insurance, but then again im only 17. Runs really nice and everyone who's seen it has said how nice it looks. Speedy and good for fuel.
I'd reccomend this car to anyone!
… Read Full Review
Written on: 05/11/2010
who were u insured with mate
<br/>
Written on: 25/06/2009 by Marcus1912 (1 review written)
Ive had my 1.4 SRi twinport since feb now! I had it for my first car and its brilliant! Reasonably quick due to having 90 BHP! Everyone i know says it looks soo much better than their corsa's and i agree with them. The only problem i have is its quite expensive on insurance as im only 17. Other than that i cant fault it! it is reasonably economical as im getting 28 MPG out of it!… Read Full Review
Written on: 25/06/2009 by Marcus1912 (1 review written)
Awsome car i have an 05 plate Corsa 1.4 SRi!
Quicker than all my mates old 1.4's!
Looks much better than lower spec corsa's!… Read Full Review
Written on: 23/05/2009
Hi I have a 94 corsa Sri with it's ecu chipped n remaped, stainless steel exhaust uprated valves n a pipercross induction kit n it's mega quick. It raws if u really want speed n acceleration from a standard engine have it chipped n remaped PROPERLY!
… Read Full Review
Written on: 20/05/2009 by 8vNeilSri (1 review written)
M Reg Corsa B 1.4 8v SRi all the way for first car...
Lowered on Spax adjustables.
Cav GSi Wheels sprayed black - colour coordinated to car (good option looks the part)
Uprated front disks and pads - braking is v.good
Wire tucked engine bay
4 Branch manifold / full system 3" pipe - sounds beautiful nice note
Front and rear OMP struts - keeping the car rigid
Battery relocated to boot
Handles a dream and is quite torquey!
Few questions;
Is a fast road cam + ECU re-map worth the… Read Full Review
Written on: 04/05/2009
The Vauxhall Corsa 1.4 SRi is a brilliant car for younger people to own because its does not use alot of petrol and the parts are cheap… Read Full Review
Written on: 06/01/2009 by dugieard (1 review written)
I would recommend the Vauxhall Corsa 1.4 SRi car for anybody that wants a cheap car to run happy motering. just to say this is the first time i have owend a vauxhall so far really inpressed with it i have a 55 plate vauxhall corsa 1.2 twinport sxi sport really nippy car for a 1.2 engine well laid out in side pretty roomy for a small car and really god road handeling… Read Full Review
Written on: 07/09/2008
I have a 55 reg Vauxhall Corsa 1.4 16v corsa. This is my first car but I can say this is a great little car, great for posing about in. Get a k & n induction kit and a exhaust will sound the best!… Read Full Review
Written on: 16/07/2008 by mpop (1 review written)
Mines is an ultra Blue Vauxhall Corsa 1.4 16V twinport and I'm happy with it though it could be doing with more bhp… Read Full Review
Written on: 14/07/2008
Nice interior nice looks and all da other little bits you get compared to the sxi version. Just feal like you could get more out of the 1.4 engine. But all in all sound car an everyone who as seen it likes it an says they want one no one as got a bad word towards it… Read Full Review
Written on: 13/07/2008 by jmdutton (1 review written)
Nice interior an exterior and also better extra bits compared to the sxi Sexy car everyone whos seen it wants one, and noone as bad word towards it… Read Full Review
Written on: 15/06/2008 by ben112 (1 review written)
The Vauxhall Corsa is very quick little car for a 1.4, looks great, sounds great and is good value for money… Read Full Review
Written on: 11/06/2008 by cleoutgirl (1 review written)
might be flogging mine soon =( due to finanaces a Y reg with 80k on clock and sill going strong… Read Full Review
Written on: 11/04/2008
Lush car, I want one! Nice to drive, good handling (even at top speeds WOOP!) Its "Sexy"…
Guest's Response to Tarlyt's Review
Written on: 11/04/2012
I bought my first corsa which is an 09 1.4 Sri 5 door. Think it is over rated the car. Feels very laboured when accelerating, and very slow to take off from t/lights. I wonder if expecting too much but as I read other reviews on the car people seem to shout out about performance of this car and I'm just not seeing it. Don't get me wrong it's not proper slow but just not got it, had more power and performance from my 1.2 clio***Purchase of this item requires a subscription to Alarm Relay monitoring services***
The Securecom (DMP) Cellcom-LTE-V is an alarm cellular communicator via the LTE network. This communication device is designed to work with most security control panels. It also offers cellular fire communication on any fire control panel via Contact ID captures or zone inputs.
With mobile system control feature, you can easily update your older system with the latest cellular communication. Using the App, you can enable the video by adding up to six cameras for enhanced monitoring and better security.
The CellCom-LTE-V model enables basic remote panel control thru Virtual Keypad app. Users can ar/disarm, set alarm, send alarm, and other events conveniently.
Key features:
- Primary Power 12 VDC
- Works with most control panels
- Quick and easy firmware update older versions
- Allows video on the App
- Allows alarm messages to be communicated to an SCS-IR or SCS-VR receiver over Verizon LTE
- Multiple panel connections
- Provides 4 zones for connection to burglary control pan
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.***
Comunicado de prensa de Toyota Toyota's New Land Cruiser Makes World Premiere
Toyota City, Japan, June 10, 2021”•Toyota unveiled the new Land Cruiser to the world (in a Middle East-centered online reveal).:. Adoption of the Multi Terrain Select, which automatically judges the road surface and selects the best driving mode.) maneuver to avoid collision. Furthermore, the new Land Cruiser has adopted the new Parking Support Brake, which helps prevent accidents by recognizing obstacles in front and back of the vehicle in a parking lot, approaching vehicles when the vehicle is backing, and pedestrians.
Sobre este artículoAVeroQLXModa2021 Spring and summer new pattern Retro French square neck puff sleeve Dress | 32127B001
European station 2021 summer wear Big size Women's wear Fat mm temperament easy backless leisure time Slim style T-shirt Dress female
2021 summer new pattern V-neck French Sense of design Minority Close your waist Show thin Ruffles Pleats A word Dress female
French Retro Tea break Broken flower Dress summer like a breath of fresh air unique Sense of design Ink and wash printing Improved version Cheongsam skirt
【 Four crown reputation 】 the republic of korea special counter Purchasing agent 88VIN 21 summer Dress 4164W
Admiral Dress female summer 2021 new pattern Retro Gentle wind lady Close your waist Light ripening wind Chiffon skirt
summer Star of the same style Splicing Dress female Medium and long term Short sleeve Close your waist Self cultivation Show thin temperament A-line skirt CO
Zhenpinfang temperament houndstooth printing real silk Dress female 2021 summer new pattern Ribbon collar Lotus leaf sleeve longuette
Sense of design High waist A word bow white camisole Dress female summer Chaoxian Sweet first love Princess Dress
Two piece set Dress female summer 2021 this year new pattern little chap Show thin temperament Self cultivation suit Floral skirt
improvement cheongsam female summer new pattern French Retro temperament Sweet Splicing Chiffon puff sleeve v Collar broken flower Dress
Physical beauty 100 times ! almost Zero profit , Sweet Korean Dress Broken flower Gentle wind
summer 2021 new pattern Korean version Whitening Retro Green temperament V-collar Show thin Broken flower Dress
The Lemon lemon 2021 Spring and summer Korean version Age reduction Doll Collar Broken flower Chiffon puff sleeve Long dress
French Wave point Dress female summer 2021 new pattern Close your waist Show thin Gentle wind Design sense niche V-neck Tea break skirt
stem の bean JK uniform protect milk skirt student Class clothes Milk card skirt blueberry large Pill lapel shirt suit Dress summer
fairy 2021 French Retro Lapel Short sleeve Medium and long term Dress Spring and summer new pattern Close your waist Show thin skirt
Design sense niche Bareback Short sleeve sexy Dress female 2021 summer new pattern Polo collar Self cultivation Show thin Short skirt
Single breasted V Collar shirt Dress female summer Thin Sense of design Close your waist Show thin A word Short skirt cowboy skirt tide- 16 May '19
IBC Brief – May 2019Posted in0 comments […]
- 22 Feb '19 […]
- […]
- 10 Jan '19
IBC Brief – January 2019
We wish all our subscribers a happy and prosperous new year. At Sarthak we had a very interesting 2018 and in no small measure was it thanks to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Firstly, as in October 2018, 65 orders of resolution have been issued against corporate debtors by the NCLT with a net realisable amount […]
- 15 Dec '18
Welcome to the latest updates from arbitration in India. Let us first acknowledge the fact that we may look back at 2018 as the year that Indian courts finally broke with the past and consistently refused to intervene with the enforcement of arbitral awards. If this holds true, we can thank the decisions of the […]
- 15 Dec '18
IBC Brief -December 2018
Welcome to the latest updates on the insolvency and bankruptcy law! First, let’s survey some of the data that gives us a birds-eye-view of the functioning of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC), almost two years after its inception. 212 companies, that is nearly 80 per cent of all companies that have completed the new […]Down railroad.
Thermometer at 42 degrees. Warm as it is, I see a large flock of snow buntings on the railroad causeway. Their wings are white above next the body, but black or dark beyond and on the back. This produces that regular black and white effect when they fly past you.
A laborer on the railroad tells me it is Candlemas Day (February 2d) to-morrow and the winter half out. “half your wood and half your hay,” etc., etc.; and, as that day is, so will be the rest of winter.
2 comments:
how many of us ? go for a walk just to cleans our soul and reflect on what we see and who we are.....that many, sigh....Creating a Simple WordPress Plugin, Under the Hood
WordPress plugins are where a developer who’s first branching out from themes is likely to go. The speed bump someone like that is likely to hit is simply making a plugin: where do I put what? What do I need? What makes a plugin activate-able?
In this Quick Guide we cover exactly that stuff. What do you need to make WordPress recognize it, and what should a plugin do. The short answer: not what we did in this video. :p
This plugin is (kind of intentionally) silly and useless. Because our focus in the Quick Guide is simple making a first WordPress plugin that does anything at all. Including taking down your WordPress site. SO: DO NOT SLAVISHLY FOLLOW THIS TUTORIAL ON A LIVE SITE YOU AREN’T READY TO WHITESCREEN.
That warning out of the way, here’s the video that explains what we’ve done in the Quick Guide, and what it tells us about WordPress plugins themselves.
Making Your First WordPress Plugin: Breaking Your Site
- In a file browser — your local operating system one if you’re using WAMP or MAMP, an (S)FTP client if you’re working on a remote server — open up your content directory. It’s usually
wp-content.
- In
wp-content, open the
pluginsfolder.
- Create a new folder inside of your
pluginsfolder. Name it something like
myplugin.
- In that folder, create a file. The convention is to match your folder name with a
.phpat the end. This isn’t required though. But to fit that example, create a file called
myplugin.php.
- In that folder, place in the plugin comment header. Modify it to match your desires. (That is, keep the things to the left of the colons (:), but change the things to the right to whatever you want them to be.
- Go into your WordPress admin area. On the page Plugins > Installed Plugins, you should now see the plugin you named in step 5. Activate your plugin.
- IF YOU WANT TO BREAK YOUR SITE, add a line of PHP to your file, like
die('my plugin was here');. If you don’t want to break it, write some valid and non-breaking PHP instead. (That’s a big task, but we have to draw the line somewhere in this tutorial.) The code from the previous Quick Guide — about using WP_Query in a shortcode — is a good example.
Here’s all the code from this tutorial in one block. A final warning: this code is intentionally capable of making your WordPress site break.
die is not a joke.
<?php /* Plugin Name: Quick Guide Plugin URI: Description: For Quick Guides Version: 0.1.0 Author: WPShout Author URI: */ die('my plugin was here');
For a more in-depth WordPress plugin creation example, see our full-length article:
Writing a WordPress Plugin From Scratch: A Step-by-Step Tutorial
Add a Comment(10-02-2014, 07:44 PM)guysion Wrote: Sometimes when playing at the bottom of a page and you are in a musical phrase you need to already see what is coming up on the top of the next page. The half page and scroll options are for that.
(10-02-2014, 07:44 PM)guysion Wrote: Based on his answer I bought a tablet and was not expecting to pay more for new features. I'll pay whatever is needed to have these new features but I can't say I am happy about it.
(10-09-2014, 04:49 AM)Zuberman Wrote: I figure that some users can at least get started on providing bug reports/feedback while I'm doing that though.
Mike
(10-10-2014, 11:30 PM)maestralien Wrote: 1) avoid the limit of max 1024 files in the sheets library folder.
2) add a "search" function when adding a pdf score.
(10-11-2014, 12:21 AM)GraemeJ Wrote: (10-10-2014, 11:30 PM)maestralien Wrote: 1) avoid the limit of max 1024 files in the sheets library folder.
2) add a "search" function when adding a pdf score.
1 - Are you sure this isn't a limitation of your tablet? I have over 2,000 charts on mine and they reside in the same folder. I would have expected there to be a limit of some kind, but I haven't hit it yet.
2 - Search for what?
(10-11-2014, 02:52 AM)GraemeJ Wrote: 1 - I really don't know that much about the Android OS (I only came to it in order to use MS) but it seems to me that each manufacturer introduces its own little modifications to the basic coding. With (say) Windows, you simply acquire the OS and load it into your computer, in the knowledge that it will run as you would expect.
From personal experience, I found that you can't do this with Android, each version appears to be tailored to the hardware it's intended to run on. Ergo, it's possible that your file limitation is because of this .... and explain why I don't have the limitation.
I guess Mike knows much more about this stuff, so let's see what he has to say.
2 - 'Songs' was my first thought, but then I asked myself, why?
The songs are already in alphabetical order and if you use Companion (I think most users do) then it's a simple thing to scroll through the list to see if you already have a duplicate copy, different arrangement, etc.Azusa Honda – The Stepsister Who Temps You While You’re Crashing
Duration: 2:00 Views: 42 Submitted: 5 months ago Submitted by:
Description: You’re taking a siesta on your bed when your cute, petite stepsister comes in and crawls into bed with you. She’s barely legal, Asian, and cute as a bug, but you were never prepared for her to be hot. And hot she is! Stripping naked, she shows off her tight body, great ass, and nice pussy. She pulls your cock out and shows you just how good she is at giving blowjobs then the hottie mounts up and rides you. Your stepsis takes every inch of your rod in her pussy even letting you cum inside her, leaving you stepsister with a naughty creampiel
Sponsored by: SexLikeReal
Models: Azusa Honda- Tantra Teacher Training
- Tantra Sessions
- Men
- Women
- Couples
- Tantra Books.
Learn more about the Art of Pleasure at the August LoveWorks Tantra teacher training
In the initial stages
of most relationships when men and women meet and fall in love, there is lots of love and energy and intimacy, lots of lovemaking and lots of passion. Then, after a period of time many couples lose it. The Hite Report states that eighty five percent of women say that after two years of being in a relationship or marriage they love their husbands but they are no longer ‘in love’ with them. Some couples will say to Diane and me: ‘We still have sex, our passion still comes up occasionally, but it seems to have lost its sizzle, it’s lost its juice. The intimacy and the opening that we used to feel in our hearts when we first met isn’t really there any more. We’re not in love like we used to be.’
There is a school of thought that believes: ‘Well that’s natural, that’s what happens.’.
The path of relationship as one of the quickest paths to personal growth and fulfilment physically, emotionally, spiritually and sexually. Relationship can be a path through which we get a tangible experience of love. For this reason if you decide to put a lot of energy, care and attention into it so that you experience more love in this lifetime. We know that at the end of our lives what will count more than anything else will be how much we loved. these so-called much more important things. They do not realise that by supporting and nurturing their primary relationship, they will be able to enhance and give more energy and creativity to all these other pursuits and relationships.
—
Treat your relationship with your beloved as a wonderful gift and see it as a generator of creativity, providing energy for everything else that you want to do.
In other words, make an agreement to treat your relationship as high priority and put in the energy necessary to support that decision.
The truth is that no matter how much we want our relationships, so. We fight and feel like separating sometimes, but it’s not too long before we start wanting to make up, wanting to be held again, because the moment we start separating from our beloved we feel a need for the union. We miss the warmth, we miss the love, we miss the sex, we miss the feeling of union, we feel lonely and so do our partners. So we strive to create union again, and the struggle goes on. Part of us wants to be interdependent while the other part wants independence. It is important not to blame each other because this is something that happens between male and female energies. Don’t take it personally and don’t hurt the other for doing what is part of the man-woman relationship game.
Joys and hurts are part and parcel of falling in love. The secret is to see them as a natural part of a relationship the key is to nurture relationship to keep it healthy and respectful…
There is a well known teaching that says: ‘In order to go forward you must first contract.’ The metaphor is that of a bow and arrow. In order for the arrow to move forward, you must first pull back against the bow. This is like a couple who pull away from each other, contract from each other as tension builds up, then when it is released they move further forward in their relationship. A master archer knows to let go of the arrow as soon as the contraction is complete and his aim is taken. We need to become master archers in our relationships. Lets all be a little bit kinder, and if you can … take a moment … to check …in with yourself to be passionate, present and respectful.
Sydney Tantra Couples Love Coach
Indian journalist Spriha Srivastava interviewed Diane Riley for the Sunday Indian times. Sacred love versus pure sex;
because people don’t understand it. People
usually project their thoughts and fantasies in Tantra
and think that’s what it is. And when you speak of Tantra is often taboo. And that is why they tend to misunderstand
it. Tantra in its purest sense is sexuality and love, and
exploring it emotionally, physically
and spiritually. It’s about being at your highest, purest
and most authentic self. People usually fail to understand the
ritual or practice of love-making as it was in the ancient Hindu
culture. So what people understand,
very wrongly, is that it’s an orgy or free sex or partner swapping. Tantra, in fact, helps one in working on one’s relationship. The initial reactions to Tantra When I first introduced Tantra to people 35 years ago, they would not even understand why I wanted to talk about sexuality and spirituality in the same breath? Neighbours were very suspicious that I was running a brothel in the suburbs, people I met in the neighbourhood thought we were kinky and subversive. People would think that sexuality just belongs to your physical body and spirituality belongs to the soul. That was 35 years ago! Now views have changed a lot, but with some it has not! More People realize the benefits of tantric principles to help in their relationship and to bring closeness, emotionally. It helps discover more sensual pleasures with one’s partner. Tantra can mean many things to different people. For myself I didn’t want to explore Tantra in the swinging style. I wanted to explore deep and connected intimate love through Tantra. I would urge people to explore themselves and their relationship further’. I haven’t seen people stay together who are into swinging . When people go to swinging parties, I think it’s more to do with making a statement that I’m going to let go of my fears and explore sexuality; I’m going to let go of my cultural pre-disposition or what my mom and dad have taught me. And it’s alright to go and explore these things, but deeper relationships are disadvantaged with swinging.
It’s for people who want to explore such a thing and want to experiment. It’s not for those who want a partner for a journey through life. Swinging is
similar to group sex, it can be arousing, breaking down belief systems, an adventure. Tantra, sacred sexuality, on the other hand, can be about exploring sex with your partner. Well, that doesn’t mean that one can’t have thoughts about someone else. But Tantra helps one realize those thoughts as your own desire and then channelize it to use that sexual energy with your own partner. It’s about enhancing your sexual feelings and reaching a spiritual level. So if it’s emotional satisfaction that one needs then Tantra is the way. ”
Tantra sex consultant ,
Diane Riley tells Spriha Srivastava
the sunday indian 54 7 march
c o v e r s t o r y 2 of the article below:
….I went to the appointment without telling a soul, not even Adam. During the first session, it was as if a light had flicked on. For me, sex had been a physical act. I associated it with intercourse and orgasm, whereas Tantra made it about intimacy. My mind was suddenly open to the limitless possibilities of lovemaking. Sex was supposed to be soulful and heartfelt, and orgasm wasn’t the goal- pleasure was.
An important component is the breath work, where you channel energy up your vagina- know in Tantra as they ‘Yoni’, meaning ‘sacred space’ – to the heart centre and then back down again. For homework, Diane showed me some Tantric foreplay techniques, as well as the pelvis floor exercises to practice, and a sequence of circular motions and figure eights with my hips, the idea being to increase blood flow to the pelvic region.
Diane suggested Adam and I return together for a couple’s session. Adam was surprised, but he was really supportive or my desire to deepen our connection and sex life. During our first session, Diane explained the importance of us strengthening and toning our pubococcygenus (or PC) muscles. – the active muscle of contraction during orgasm – to increase our pleasure potential. I’d feel more sensation and Adam could last longer. We also did work to connect our heart energy to our sexual energy to help intimacy.
I felt turned on and very much in love. That night we went home and created a sacred lovemaking space by lighting candles and expressing our appreciation of each other. We did the breathing exercises, using the power of sound to bring us further into a moment. We had a book that showed how to experiment with different foreplay or love-play techniques.
Read Part 3 of the Article… the orgasm 3 of the article below:
Read Part 1 of the article.
Read Part 2 of the article
By the time Adam finally entered me I was on cloud nine. I was fully aware of every stroke of his penis and his hand on my clit, as I focused on my breathing. Adam had learnt that if he felt he was going to ejaculate, he could stop and let the feeling subside by pulsating his pelvic floor muscles and breathing the urgency away.
Adam was on top of the thrusting at a steady pace, his fingers flicking against my cliot as he looked onto my eyes. I felt so relaxed and close to him that I wasn’t thinking of anything else. I was aware of his entire body against my skin as my muscles contracted around him. The sensation was pure bliss. I knew I was rising to that place as my whole body started shuddering and orgasm tool over.
The release was absolutely amazing. I came, then Adam. As we lay in each other’s arms, I started laughing. I felt so happy it had finally happened. For our second sessions we learnt more about the philosophy as well as ‘daily devotion’, where you spend a week being intimate with each other, but without penetration. The idea is that your energies are harmonising and you’re creating a much stronger intimate bond. I once thought sex was purely about intercourse; now, it’s about connecting as well as pleasure.
Diane Riley of the Australian School of Tantra was approached by Lollie Barr from Marie Claire about an interview for an article titled “I’d never had an orgasm until…”
Diane put her in contact with a student who had never had an orgasm until exploring tantra. Here is what she had to say:
Kristi, 32, works in finance
“We were in the office of our Tantric teacher but there were no inhibitions in there. Adam* had never looked sexier as he stared into my eyes while cupping my vagina, and I returned his gaze and held his erection in my hands, The sexual energy was intense, but I felt so emotionally connected to him as we breathed in unison. I couldn’t wait to get home that night.
Before I discovered Tantra, orgasm was a case of nearly there, but not quite. I’d discovered it was quite common for women not to climax, so I wasn’t really embarrassed by it and I simply accepted it as fact. Then, in February 2012, I fell in love with Adam. I reassured him that while sex could still feel good, my body just didn’t work that way. Deep down, however, I knew I was acting as if I were having more fun than I was. There was another element too: Adam often didn’t last long during intercourse.
Then, the following February, a sexually adventurous girlfriend was telling me about an amazing orgasm she had after doing a Tantric sex workshop when I admitted I hadn’t ever come. She said I should give it a go, so I signed up with the Australian School of Tantra in Byron Bay, NSW. The director, Diane Riley suggested a one-on-one session to begin with, so I’d feel more comfortable.
Read Part 2 of Aritcle
Read Part 3 of Article.. the orgasm
To Read Diane’s Interview for the article please click here.
In the classic yoga text The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, one key ethical principle is brahmacharya. This is usually translated as sexual abstinence. Yogic celibates take a vow not to engage in any sexual practice in thought, work and deed in order to redirect the powerful sexual life energy for spiritual purity rather than lose it through ejaculation. Yet there is another way. Katie Manitas of Jivamukti Yoga interprets brahmarchaya as not harming another through your sexual activities. Donna Fahri (Yoga Mind, Body & Spirit) translates the concept as an energy exchange or merging energies with God, “a kind of omnidimensional celebration of Eros in all forms”. Heart of Yoga’s Mark Whitwell asserts that life is about making use of desire, not suppressing it. In The Promise: Love, Sex & Intimacy, he teaches, “Your Seven-Minute Wonder: a gentle pranayama (breathing) exercise with simple asanas (postures), promising greater intimacy in all relationships, especially your sexual relationship, when performed daily for three months.” From this perspective, brahmarchya shows you how to use your sexual energy, making it a consciously joyful act. You can apply all other yamas and the niyamas to the key ethical concept in thought, word and deed. Apply:
• Ahimsa (non harming) through self acceptance and compassion in sex
• Satya (truthfulness) through honest communication of each other’s needs
• Astya (not stealing) by respecting someone’s sexual boundaries
• Shaucha (purity) through cleanliness and simplifying clutter, to allow the sacred to be felt.
• Santosha (contentment) in sex and sexual partners
• Tapas (burning enthusiasm) so sexual desire doesn’t wane, especially when career, children
or hobbies take over
• Swadhyaya (self study) as self reflective consciousness in sex
• Ishvarapranidhana (celebration of the spiritual) through devotion in lovemaking
You can take each of these ethical precepts separately and explore them deeply thought your
sexuality and sexual responses to life.
To find our how to connect with the dive self, tantric experts Kerry and Diane Riley have shared their experience and Knowledge. For more information click here.
To Read Diane’s Interview for the article please click here.
An authentic yoga practice of asana, pranayama and dhyana (meditation) can remove barriers that prevent you from connecting with your own divinity. Yoga is not about striving for an end goal or forcing yourself beyond what you are ready for; neither is a deeply satisfying spiritual-sexual experience with someone you love.
In yoga practice, if you surrender to the present moment, practice joyfully without judgment, challenge yourself safely and allow the breath to move you closer to knowing the universal self, you can move into lasting peace and happiness. Sex can do the same while providing an intimate and joyful connection with your partner (or yourself) as a divine human connection and expression of love.
When you approach sex with conscious awareness and become mindful in every moment, you let go of striving for sexual performance and instead become open and generous in the spirit of what you can offer each other. In this act of offering without expectation, you transcend cultural sexual dysfunction and allow the loving act of sex to become a yoga practice in itself, developing awareness, respect and intimacy.
Senior hatha yoga teacher Eve Grzybowski talks of the humility and devotion to the relationship a commitment to sexual union brings, particularly after an argument. Someone has to surrender, she days. A sexual relationship based on devotion, generosity and mental flexibility improves all other relationships in your life.
To increase your sex life/ drive to another level adapt yoga for sex to combine tantric techniques to become a better lover and partner.
To Read Diane’s Interview for the article please click here.
If you are not in a loving sexual relationship with another, you can still use these guidelines by yourself. Get to know your desires, likes and dislikes. Use the breath to fin intimacy with the self through asana and pranayama in preparation for a deeper sexual connection with a partner if/when the time comes.
Mark Whitwell says life is not about seeking enlightenment or something outside of yourself, but becoming intimate with the divine self that is already perfect within you. He says intimacy with another is not possible until you experience intimacy with your own life, “with your own body and breath”.
For information on Tantra for women and how to enjoy sex more as a woman click here.
To Read Diane’s Interview for the article please click here.
Katie Manitas of Jivamukti Yoga says kundalini yoga is often incorrectly thought of as sex yoga. Yogi Bhajan, the creator of kundalini yoga, emphasised monogamous relationships and deeper sexual commitment. He warned that any sexual relationship you have stays in your energetic body for the rest of your life, so choose your partners wisely.
Manitas explains that sexual problems, disorders or negative experiences can create a hole in your aura. In kundalini yoga, a master teacher can prescribe specific kriyas (sets of kundalini yoga postures) to heal this damage. Sex has the potential to either enhance or deplete our energy, depending on the intention and emotion behind the acts of intimacy.
Ayurveda recognises sex as an integral part of life (dinacharya). According to ayurveda, nourishing the sense organs in preparation for sex is important not only for intimacy but to satisfy and permeate consciousness. Ayurveda texts suggest flowers, soft silk clothing, sweet perfumes, light, nourishing food and sweet music.
Ayurveda believes excessive indulgence in sex dissipates the ojas (the living fluid of life found in the tissues of the body), weakening the immune system. Drinking homemade almond milk is recommended to promote strength and maintain sexual energy.
Kundalini is only one tool for a deeper intimate connection with your lover. For more sexual secrets for women and men read what experts in tantric sex have to say.How can I make it so that receipts are not required for mileage reimbursements?
If you do not want to require your employees to upload an image specifically for mileage, you can update your submission policy for mileage reimbursements.
Head right here to update your submission policy. You'll be able to update your submission policy for both mileage and regular reimbursements:
From there, click the edit icon for mileage policy. From there, update the policy according to what you'd like for your team and then click "Save Changes". You should then be all set!
Crude Oil Prices Still at Risk After Hitting 2-Month Low
CRUDE OIL OUTLOOK:
- Crude oil prices seem biased lower in risk-off trade
- US PMI survey, API inventory flow figures in focus
- Key three-year chart barrier pressured once again
Crude oil prices have paused to digest losses after dropping to the lowest level in nearly two months. A risk-off backdrop might somewhat bias the scales in sellers’ favor. The WTI contract is pressuring the bottom of its three-day range having slumped along side S&P 500 futures in Asia-Pacific trade.
November’s US Manufacturing PMI data is in focus ahead. It is expected to show that activity growth accelerated from October, breaking a three-month losing streak despite gaps in global supply chains. The private-sector API estimate of weekly inventory flows is also on tap.
The latter will be judged against bets on a 1.47-million-barrel draw expected in official EIA statistics due on the following day. The former may have scope for an upside surprise. Data from Citigroup shows that recent news-flow has tended to outperform relative to baseline forecasts.
CRUDE OIL TECHNICAL ANALYSIS
Crude oil prices are retesting a three-year resistance-turned-support level anchored at 75.27. Breaking below this barrier – with confirmation on a daily closing basis – may set the stage for a test of the $70/bbl figure, with perhaps a bit of friction near 73.14 along the way.
Immediate resistance is capped at 79.60, the upper bound of a former support shelf. Reclaiming a foothold back above that might translate into enough momentum to pressure the swing high at 85.41 once again.
Crude oil price chart created using TradingView
CRUDE OIL.The expected snap parliamentary elections will likely launch a new democratic era in Azerbaijan, giving the voters a further possibility to advance the reform process, writes Dr Ceyhun Osmanli.
Dr Ceyhun Osmanli is a former member of parliament, a researcher and analyst on international relations and political economy, and the co-founder of Azerbaijan Green Movement.
For the first time in its history, the Azerbaijani Parliament asked to be dissolved on 2 December – which would pave the way for snap elections.
Earlier last week, the ruling New Azerbaijan Party (YAP) had called for the dissolution of the Parliament. This is a positive step as it could help modernise our country’s legislative branch and speed the course of economic reforms.
Many see this development as the Parliament’s response to the reform agenda led by the President of the Azerbaijani Republic, Ilham Aliyev. The ambitious reforms ahead of us can only be put in place by a new generation of dynamic, modern and well-educated experts.
In this new era, where socio-economic dynamism takes centre stage in Central Asia and the Caucasus, old-fashioned bureaucracies and entrenched power structures dating back to the Soviet time are no longer sustainable.
In order to reduce our independence on oil, diversify our economy and reform our institutions to better respond to our population’s need, a clean slate with a new political mindset is needed. This implies the retirement of octogenarians and septuagenarians and their replacement with younger generations.
Following his re-election in 2018, President Aliyev became increasingly aware of this. If his first years in office were marked by overcoming major political and economic challenges, achieving economic development and steady growth, throughout the last few months of his Presidency, the focus has shifted to modernisation efforts and structural reforms in state institutions and policies.
Importantly, a major government reshuffle took place, which led to the promotion of a younger generation to ministerial and administrative positions. Having studied at prestigious universities, such as Harvard and Sorbonne, a new generation of young politicians, who were by no means tied to the previous Soviet Union structures, started to have a strong presence in the echelons of power.
Just a month ago, Ali Asadov, respected for his experience in economic policy and reformist wisdom, was appointed as the new prime minister in a major government shake-up, including the replacement of two deputy prime ministers as well as several government and presidential staff.
The 81-year-old chief of the presidential administration, Ramiz Mehdiyev, was replaced by the 44-year-old Duke University alumnus Samir Nuriyev.
The head of the public and political department of the presidential administration, Ali Hasanov, was also fired from his position three days ago in response to citizen’s demands for the opening up of the media space and strengthening civil society.
It is a fact that politicians who blackmail or denigrate others cast a shadow over the reform process and the informal power politics, including monopolies of various oligarchs, curb foreign investments.
Hence, many believe that business as usual cannot go on and the reign of oligarchs marked by unfair competition and extraction of rents through systemic corruption must come to an end.
Serious efforts have been made to tackle these problems, for instance, aiming at combatting corruption in the Ministry of Taxes, Ministry of Transportation and the State Customs Committee. As a result, the leadership of these instances, which has been implicated in a number of scandals, was dismissed for wrongdoings.
These developments are largely due to the First Vice President Mehriban Aliyeva, whose office emerged as a pioneer of reforms since 2017, especially when it comes to the coordination of reform policy in the economic and judicial spheres.
As part of this reform process, important changes have been implemented in the customs and taxation fields to do away with monopolies and to equalize the regulatory playing fields for importing and exporting businesses.
The customs system was modernised with a transparent electronic customs declaration process, thus eliminating the intermediary of the Customs Committee for duty collection.
On the other hand, taxation procedures were updated to fully comply with major global transparency indexes following successful reforms in the field of taxation.
A graduate of the McGeorge School of Law, Tax Minister Mikayil Cabbarov has been promoted to the position of economy minister, his new functions also covering taxation and privatisation of state properties – which is expected to accelerate the privatisation of several state companies while attracting foreign investments in the upcoming years.
At the same time, industrial parks and Free Trade Zones were created, giving tax incentives, such as a seven-year tax-free regime, to foreign investors. Moreover, Special Economic Zones, such as the new Baku port of Alat, operate under British law and all businesses in the zone are exempt from duties and taxes.
These positive developments have been recently recognized by the World Bank’s Doing Business Index, where Azerbaijan’s position jumped up from 57th to 25th place between 2018 and 2019.
Moreover, President Aliyev signed a decree on judicial reforms in April 2019, demanding the implementation of focused reforms to address corruption in the legal system and increasing transparency and consistency of judicial processes.
These developments will hopefully launch a new democratic era in Azerbaijan, giving the voters a further possibility to advance the reform process.804 Sports Association(7:29)
with Kytwan Heath of 804 Sports Association
Posted
Apr 05, 2021
The 804 Sports Association is where young men & women train to reach their peak performance while learning the importance of education and community. Their Executive Director Kytwan Heath tells Elena Russo about their work on and off the field.
Hosted by: Elena Russo Produced by: Beltway Newsmakers Team
Other videos hosted by Elena Russo
Cinematic Universe or Franchise: DEADPOOL 2’s Effect on X-MEN
Ryan Reynold’s DEADPOOL took the world by storm in February 2016. The raunchy, R-rated humor and action set the film apart from the more straight-forward superhero flicks of the time. However, it still technically took place in the context of Fox’s X-MEN films without affecting the continuity in any grand way. DEADPOOL 2, though, seems to be moving in a completely new direction, using the character’s whacky hijinks to expand Fox’s films into a grander cinematic universe.
DEADPOOL 2 looks to add a whole swath of new characters and concepts to the X-MEN franchise. The previous film introduced a new generation of mutants with Negasonic Teenage Warhead. In DEADPOOL 2, though, comic book favorites Cable, X-Force, Black Tom Cassidy, and other important names fill the roster. With all of these concepts and characters, this film is attempting to expand the X-MEN universe in a major way.
DEADPOOL 2 seems to want to tie together disparate elements from X-MEN comics and films to build its own cinematic universe. But is this really the case? More importantly, if Fox is looking to mirror the MCU’s success, are they making the right move?
X-MEN: Franchise or Cinematic Universe?
After the rise of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, we tend to just assume that other superhero franchises are taking them as an example. When DC first released MAN OF STEEL, the idea of using that film as the basis for dozens of other interconnected films seemed crazy. However, this wasn’t always the case.
After all, Sam Raimi’s SPIDERMAN series was just that. It was a series, a franchise. It inspired the rise of other superhero properties, namely FANTASTIC FOUR, but these films never connected into what we’d deem a cinematic universe. They were two separate, longstanding franchises that just happened to stem from the same comic book company.
That, of course, raises the question about the X-MEN films’ status. Of these other franchises and cinematic universes, X-MEN has run the longest. For the last eighteen years, Fox has been pumping out films in the series. This has led to a continuity so massive that it needed a canon reboot to iron out the creases.
I still wouldn’t call the X-MEN series a cinematic universe. After all, their films carry the X-MEN title, and they all revolve around Xavier’s favorite mutants. The only two films that do not carry this brand, WOLVERINE, and LOGAN, aren’t considered as technically canon properties. They exist just outside the world the X-MEN films have constructed.
DEADPOOL 2: The Road to a Cinematic Universe
However, we don’t fully know yet how DEADPOOL 2 will fit into this established franchise. It may simply be like LOGAN, set in a world apart from the inspiring films. The only way for us to know for sure is if canon X-MEN characters make some appearance in the upcoming film. Nonetheless, this does lead to some interesting questions.
If DEADPOOL 2 will exist in the X-MEN universe then this film will introduce so many possible branching points for a cinematic universe. There are a number of reasons why DEADPOOL 2 could represent the birth of a new Fox Cinematic Universe. Whether it be the elements the film will introduce to fans or the character itself, these reasons all have their own merit. Do note, though, that all of this is just speculation.
I do argue that DEADPOOL 2 will act as a strong bounding board for potential grand storytelling, but without more information (or seeing the film myself), I have no clue as to the status of this possibility.
Breaking the Fourth Wall
First and foremost, Deadpool as a character offers a unique opportunity for Fox to develop its own cinematic universe. Originally developed by Rob Liefeld, Deadpool has a long history of comedy and of breaking the fourth wall. In the trailers for DEADPOOL 2 alone, we see Ryan Reynold’s version of the character criticizing the writers and editors of the film in character.
He even makes strong allusions to the existence of Hugh Jackman and his character Wolverine throughout the film. This may seem cursory, but it allows the writers and editors to slip in new canon allusions. Do they want to tie Deadpool to an upcoming FANTASTIC FOUR film? Then it wouldn’t be at all unheard of for them to announce said film in a quip from the Merc with a Mouth.
Another interesting aspect of Deadpool’s character is that he isn’t a mutant. He is a superpowered individual, yes, and he plays with the mutants on a frequent basis. He doesn’t get his powers from the X-Gene though. This gives the character a greater chance for expansion. He isn’t exclusively tied to the X-MEN franchise. This means that Fox can use Deadpool as a proxy to other films to X-MEN. He can be a unifying factor solely because he stands just outside of the mainstream.
It should also be noted that Deadpool already acts as a unifying factor within the X-MEN universe. While his first appearance as a villain in X-MEN ORIGINS: WOLVERINE is widely despised, his current reboot could tie into the world-altering events of X-MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST. They even poke fun at this horrendous version of the character in the first DEADPOOL film, so the building blocks are definitely there.
Cable and the X-Force
Probably one of the strongest arguments for DEADPOOL 2 forming a new cinematic universe is the inclusion of Cable and the X-Force to the film. Cable, especially, would work as a perfect tie-in character for a cinematic universe. Not only is the character far more serious than Deadpool, his very existence is a tie-in. The son of Scott Summers, sent back in time to stop a mutant apocalypse, would be a perfect way to branch the franchise into other realms.
More importantly, Cable also stands as the perfect character for a stand-alone film. Seriously, what would be cooler than seeing this techno-organic mutant traveling through time to stop bad guys for two hours? Just take my money already, Fox! Another brilliant opportunity for Fox comes in the introduction of X-Force. While originally created alongside Cable as the next evolution of the NEW MUTANTS, this team has become something of a unique entity in the comics.
They act as a mutant black ops team, and their stories are some of the darkest and most powerful in the canon. While this version seems to be adapting DEADPOOL 2’s raunchy tone, their introduction here could lead to a grander role later on. Especially with a NEW MUTANTS film coming soon, this might be the perfect time for the spin-off films to be tied directly to the X-MEN canon.
More importantly, I need an X-FORCE film just as badly as I need a solo Cable film.
Kid Apocalypse(?)
The final trailer for DEADPOOL 2 shows a new character with no name. This teenaged boy is seen with glowing hands. Apparently, Cable wants him dead for the ways he affects the future. This kid seems to be the main source of conflict in this film, so it is strange that we know so little about him. If I were a betting man, I’d say there are some interesting connections to an X-FORCE story by Rick Remender.
In fact, this narrative, contained in UNCANNY X-FORCE #1-4, is considered one of modern comics’ greatest stories. The X-Force team is sent to spy on and rescue a young, teenaged boy kidnapped by an evil cult. Why is this mutant so important? He is the descendant and newest reincarnation of the evil mutant Apocalypse.
This speculation may be incredibly far-fetched, but some evidence already seems to be in place. This mutant needs to be powerful enough to draw Cable’s attention, and the powers we see him use in DEADPOOL 2 are incredibly destructive. If this particular speculation is correct, DEADPOOL 2 already connects to the existing film canon.
It means that AGE OF APOCALYPSE did occur in this “cinematic universe” and has had lasting ramifications on the story. Now, this particular point has a lot of ifs attached to it. Nonetheless, if the creators of DEADPOOL 2 wanted to develop an X-MEN Cinematic Universe, this would be the way to do it.
Counterpoint
I personally believe that DEADPOOL 2 will open the doors for a Fox Cinematic Universe. As this is speculation alone, there are a number of reasons why this might not work though. Most of these problems surround potential continuity errors and timeline issues. Still, two, in particular, come to mind.
On Continuity: WOLVERINE, LOGAN, and LEGION
As I mentioned earlier, WOLVERINE and LOGAN don’t necessarily take place in the X-MEN continuity. They take prominent plot beats from that franchise as a basis (i.e. Caliban’s appearance in LOGAN), but neither fits into the universe as is. This also includes FX’s series LEGION.
All three of these series use the X-MEN branding in the strictest sense, but none will ever cross-over into the film realm. Now, this might be incorrect with the retconning done in DAYS OF FUTURE PAST. As of this instant, though, all signs point to these three series being separate entities.
In a discussion of a cinematic universe, these separate entities act as a blazing sign. It makes viewers question the continuity of every film and movie using the same branding. This is why the MCU hasn’t delved into alternate universes. When you can have three different IRON MAN stories running at the same time without any affecting the others, your entire canon falls apart.
The precedent has been set for the X-MEN films. They have explored alternate universes in the past. What’s to stop DEADPOOL 2 from being an entirely separate entity with only thematic impact on the general universe as a whole. I hope this doesn’t happen, but it is a distinct possibility.
On Time: Deadpool’s Modern Approach
To be frank, creating a cinematic universe is hard. Right now, long-time fans of the MCU debate long and hard about the timing of certain movies. Does DR. STRANGE’s plot take place before THE AVENGERS? If not, why is his name mentioned in CAPTAIN AMERICA: WINTER SOLDIER?
You run into much the same issue as the previous point. If you have an established timeline, i.e. a linear historical view then you need to stick to that outline or risk confusing your fans. Let’s look past the obvious X-MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST (DoFP) issue. After all, that’s story’s present was set in the past so that they could save the future. The entire point of that film was historical mucking about, so I give it a free pass.
All of the X-MEN films to come out after DoFP take place in that same timeline. X-MEN: APOCALYPSE firmly took place in the 1980s. DEADPOOL, meanwhile, takes place in the modern age. This timing can complicate the storytelling process. After all, if DEADPOOL has to base its decisions on the history designed in the X-MEN series then it will be bogged down in constant continuity checks.
Fans of DEADPOOL who dislike the X-MEN films will lose out on some key information if they don’t see the precursor films. The MCU handles this fairly well with subtle callbacks. Also, in an internet age, with so many “comic books explained” articles, this issue doesn’t have the same impact. However, the threat to future stories still exists.
Woulda, Coulda, Shoulda
We have taken a look at both sides of this argument, and in researching this article, I found both to be fairly compelling. As I said, I find myself on the side of DEADPOOL 2 building its own cinematic universe.
This does leave out a really important question. Whether or not it is actually developing a shared universe, should DEADPOOL 2 go down this road? Especially with the issues surrounding the DCEU and other burgeoning cinematic universes, should this film even tread these waters?
Money-Making Potential
While the DCEU’s cinematic universe has a high-potential of tanking, the X-MEN franchise has something different going for it. The series may not have the same following as the MCU, but it has a long history of producing some above average and some phenomenal films. Fox doesn’t need to build a fan base; they already have one. This means, unlike the DCEU, they can and should jump into character stories with a bit more fervor. They know people will come to their films, so now it is time to throw caution to the wind.
Cable and the X-Force could both bring in money like crazy. Especially if X-Force breaks away from the DEADPOOL 2 tones, Fox could have two giants series to round out their cinematic universes. I’ve already expressed my excitement over these two potential franchises, but let me reiterate. In a Cable film, we could get a time-traveling super-soldier bouncing to different time periods with badass sci-fi weaponry. With X-Force, we would see a team of morally questionable mercenaries with super-powers taking the fight (and hundreds of bullets) to their enemies.
These films would make money on their own, but tied into the X-MEN franchise, they could draw in two different fan sets. Not only would the film fans show up. The fans of the comics would flock to theaters because their prayers would have finally been answered. These characters are so beloved, so a one-shot simply wouldn’t do them justice.
Clarification
I know I said one major issue against an X-MEN Cinematic Universe was the muddying of time and continuity. This is a definite concern that Fox needs to address should (I mean, when) their cinematic universe comes about. After all, the upcoming DARK PHOENIX story will definitely impact further films in the franchise.
The question then becomes, with so many disparate years between DEADPOOL and the new X-MEN films, is there too much continuity to work with? The answer is a definite yes. I still feel like Fox could make this work.
After DAYS OF FUTURE PAST, fans haven’t been sure about the present continuity of the X-MEN franchise. After all, we have only had one canon entry in the series since the reboot occurred. This means that the series has a whole lot of leg-work to do before its continuity gets ironed out. What if this job didn’t just fall to the X-MEN films, though?
What if there was an entire slate of films that explored different corners of this rich and beloved universe? One of the strongest aspects of the MCU is the way its films provide unique and potent portrayals of the same world. BLACK PANTHER, with its rich African heritage, is a fantastic example of this. More X-MEN Cinematic Universe films would simply allow creators to expand on the considerable work done in the X-MEN franchise.
More than X
Very recently, Fox has announced an entire slate of new films tied into their Marvel movie rights. Among these are KITTY PRYDE, THE MULTIPLE MAN, SILVER SURFER, NEW MUTANTS, and DOCTOR DOOM. In this slate alone, we have three different X-MEN spin-offs. Now, imagine these films as facets of a whole, grander narrative.
One that has our heroes branching into other aspects of X-MEN canon. Or perhaps branching into the lives of other superheroes. With SILVER SURFER and DOCTOR DOOM films on the horizon, it allows for a broader spectrum of storytelling. If Fox looks to follow the MCU’s popularity, then they have to play into the best part of the films: team-ups.
Despite the flop of the new FANTASTIC FOUR film, the comics have made been making a massive come back in recent years. Fans love these characters, but they have never shared a universe with the X-MEN films. However, the inclusion of a newly rebooted FANTASTIC FOUR into the X-MEN canon would lend great credence to this superhero universe.
Just imagine Reed Richards and Sue Storm joining the X-Men on a journey to visit Namor the Submariner (a mutant, but with major ties to the F4 comics). Or the Thing duking it out with a less meme-worthy Juggernaut. The possibilities are endless, and Fox would be foolish not to at least give it a try.
The Merc With the Mouth Changes the Game
If it isn’t clear by now, I am completely for a shared X-MEN cinematic universe. There’s just something so slick and clean about the concept. While there are some arguments against this possibility, I firmly believe that what DEADPOOL 2 presents to the general public will attempt to expand the X-MEN mythos into a full-fledged cinematic universe.
The possibilities that this brings about are seemingly endless. I’ve listed several above, but I think the coolest aspect has to be the potential for team-ups. I really want to see the X-Men and the Fantastic Four battling Galactus together. Please, Fox. Make that happen!
Help support ComicsVerse! Head over to ComiXology to subscribe to the DEADPOOL series from Marvel.Dear Diary,
Fashion for Breakfast is back, and this time’s guest of honor was none other than the beautiful and talented lady behind KDIA Jewelry, Kristen Noel Crawley. It was very inspiring listening to her speak about coming from a small town in Chicago to having her own brand of fine jewelry. She also mentioned how she wanted to make pieces that would stay with you forever. I had the liberty of meeting with Kristen after the breakfast, and she is such a ball of energy and simply the sweetest! Can we just talk about how amazing she looks with that baby bump? Jeez!! To learn more about or if you are interested in shopping her pieces. Click here for further details.
Now to my look…
I posted a picture on instagram at fashion for breakfast, and there were many gasps and questions being asked about where I got this dress from? H&M! It was part of the new arrivals in the store a week ago. The price point is a little on the high side for what I usually purchase there, but it was well worth it. I mean look at how chic it is? Not to mention how multi-functional it can be. You can dress it up with heels, tone it down with your tennis shoes, or even go day to night.
H&M striped shirt dress (here), TOPSHOP Rebecca ankle strap sandal (sold out), FOREVER 21 clutchJust finished construction of this one-of-a-kind sport court at The Salem residence on Mount Helix, California. Our years of playground expertise allowed us to offer & install a custom 100% EPDM rubber surface including graphics to finish off the court. You won’t see another court like this in all of southern California..
President Ram Nath Kovind has paid rich tributes to Babasaheb B R Ambedkar on the occasion of his Mahaparinirvana Day. He said, Dr. Ambedkar was a great architect of our constitution, who strived for a society and governance based on the tenets of equality and justice. President Kovind said, Dr. Ambedkar’s thought guided the law and order, finance and the overall development of the country.
He also urged every citizen to pledge to realize the ideals of economic and social justice, equality of opportunity and fraternity, following the constitutionally agreed paths as suggested by Dr. Ambedkar.
Vice President Venkaiah Naidu paid floral tributes to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas today at a brief function in the Raj Bhavan in Chennai. He, along with the Tamil Nadu Governor Banwarilal Purohit showered flower petals on Dr Ambedkar’s portrait..
Home Minister Amit Shah paid tribute to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas. In a tweet, Mr Shah said, following in the footsteps of Babasaheb, the Modi government is working with dedication for the welfare of the section that remained deprived for decades.
Along with the rest of the country, followers of Dr. Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar are paying heartfelt tributes on his 64th death anniversary called Mahaparinirvan Diwas.
Maharashtra Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari, Chief Minister, Uddhav Thackeray, Union Minister Ramdas Athawale, Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, NCP president, Sharad Pawar and BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis paid tributes by visiting Chaityabhoomi at Dadar, Mumbai where Dr. Ambedkar was laid to rest.
In Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath paid homage to Baba Saheb Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar in a program at Lucknow today. Mr Yogi along with others garlanded the statue of Babasaheb.
UP Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Maurya said that Baba Saheb laid the foundation of improving the standard of living of the poor, backward and deprived which is being accomplished under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Several programmes at different places are being organised to pay tribute to Baba Saheb on his Maha Parinirvan Diwas.
Source: News On AirCurrent Promotions See current sweepstakes, sales and events. Your Everyday Savings Lower prices on the items you love. Sales Flyer See select sales and savings for the current promotion period. Commissary Brands Discover trusted, Commissary-branded products in our featured Sales Flyer. Rewards Card Add offers and coupons to your Rewards Card to get great savings! Coupons Increase your savings and find local deals near you with these coupon links.
SueñaLetras2011 WISE Awards Winners
Center for the Development of Inclusion Technologies (CEDETi), Chile
School-Business Partnerships2011 WISE Awards Winners
Al Jisr / INJAZ Al-Maghrib, Morocco
Creative Partnerships2011 WISE Awards Winners
Creativity, Culture & Education (CCE), United Kingdom
OpenStax CNX2011 WISE Awards Winners
Rice University, United States of America
BBC Janala2011 WISE Awards Winners
BBC World Service Trust, BangladeshMy bestest friends Jon and Tamzen bought me a lovely Christmas present a couple of years ago: the Hathor doll from Stuffe & Nonsense, who make a variety of lovely dolls and stuffed animals. She's occupied a proud place on my dresser since then. But since she first came to live with me, I've learned a lot more about Egyptian clothing and jewelry styles, and the anachronisms started to get on my nerves. So I'm re-dressing her in more authentic Ancient Egyptian style.
The project has five major phases, once I'd taken off the original headpiece, wig, jewelry and dress:
Last modified: 8 Oct 2007 by tbird -- Return to tbird's home pageCanada offers a wide range of social programs to help Canadians with their financial, personal, social and emotional well-being. Permanent residents and some refugees also have access to some of Canada’s social programs. Canada’s three levels of government fund and run many of these programs. These levels are federal, provincial/territorial and municipal. Some social programs are the same across Canada, while others have different names and structures in each province and territory.
In the past, Canadians received social support mainly from churches and their own families. The Canadian State introduced many of its social programs and expanded existing ones after the Second World War. (See Social and Welfare Services.)
The two main types of programs are income assistance programs and services-based social programs. Income assistance programs make direct payments to individuals. They supplement a person’s income at times of life such as childbirth, injury, illness, unemployment and retirement. Also called social security programs, they include Employment Insurance Benefits, Family Benefits and Public Pensions.
Services-based social programs provide services that support personal, social and emotional well-being. These include health care, housing and education. Some of these programs also make one-time direct payments to individuals in the form of a grant or rebate. Individuals need a Social Insurance Number (SIN) issued by the federal government to access income assistance programs and services-based social programs.
Income Assistance Programs
Employment Insurance Benefits
The Employment Insurance (EI) program provides temporary financial support to citizens in case of unexpected job loss, illness or injury. If workers lose their job through no fault of their own, they are eligible to apply for regular benefits. If workers cannot work due to illness or injury, they are eligible for sickness benefits.
Did you know?
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the federal government introduced the Canada Emergency Response Benefit (CERB). The CERB provided financial support to workers who had stopped working due to the pandemic. Some people who were eligible for EI or who had recently used up their EI benefits also qualified. The CERB paid $500 per week for up to 24 weeks between 15 March and 3 October 2020. The government created a similar benefit — the Canada Emergency Student Benefit — for students who were unable to find work.
Workers’ Compensation
In Canada, the provinces and territories regulate Workers’ Compensation Boards (WCB). These agencies provide insurance coverage to workers who suffer from work-related injury or illness. They are funded entirely by employers. (See Workers’ Compensation.)
Family Benefits
The Employment Insurance (EI) program provides financial support to workers who leave work due to pregnancy or the birth of a child. Parents who leave work to care for a newborn or newly adopted child may apply for maternity or parental leave benefits. Parental leave can be shared between parents.
The EI program also provides Caregiving Benefits to workers who leave work to take care of a family member who is critically injured, ill or in need of end-of-life care.
The Canada Child Benefit (CCB), previously called the Family Allowance, is a monthly payment made to Canadian families with children under 18. The federal government uses information from a family’s income tax return to determine the family’s CCB payment amount. The CCB is tax-free and may include the Child Disability Benefit. The Child Disability Benefit (CDB) is available to families with a child under 18 who has an ongoing severe impairment in mental or physical function (see also Disability).
Public Pensions
The Old Age Security (OAS) program is a monthly payment made to Canadians aged 65 and older, whether they have worked or not. This payment is called a pension. The federal government’s general tax revenues fund the OAS program. The amount of OAS pension a citizen receives depends on how long they have lived in Canada after the age of 18.
The Canada Pension Plan (CPP) is a monthly payment made to Canadians and their families to partially replace their income after retirement, disability or death. Working Canadians make regular payments to the CPP in order to be eligible. The province of Quebec runs its own pension plan, the Québec Pension Plan (QPP). The CPP “survivor’s pension” pays the surviving spouse or common-law partner of the person who paid into the plan before their death. A worker under age 65 who becomes severely disabled and unable to work is eligible for disability benefits.
Income Support
Income support programs provide financial assistance and employment assistance to people in financial need. They are a last-resort source of income if all other sources are not enough for a person to support themself. The provinces and territories run these programs. They go by different names including Social Assistance (NB, ON, QC, PE, YT), Employment and Income Assistance (MB), Income Assistance (BC, NU, NS, NT) and Income Support (AB, NL, SK). People receive direct payments, also known as “welfare” payments, while they are looking for work. Income support programs also provide employment assistance. This includes job counselling, training and access to education through various channels. (See also Poverty.)
GST/HST Credit
The goods and services tax/harmonized sales tax (GST/HST) credit is a quarterly payment that Canadians with low and moderate incomes receive. This payment offsets all or part of the GST or HST that they pay each year. To receive the GST/HST credit, Canadians must file their taxes every year, whether or not they earned income that year.
Services-based Social Programs
Health Canada
Health Canada is a federal institution that helps Canadians live healthy lives. It has different branches that provide health services and information. Canada’s health-insurance program, also called medicare, is a publicly funded health care system that ensures all Canadians have access to hospitals and physicians. Citizens and permanent residents need provincial or territorial health cards (also called care cards) to access health services. The federal government directly provides health support to certain groups of people, including members of the Canadian Armed Forces and inmates in federal prisons. (See Health Policy.)
Housing
The federal government created the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation in 1946 to help improve access to housing for all Canadians, including those with lower incomes and special needs. Several policies exist to help homeowners with the cost of purchasing shelter. These include grants and rebates for homeowners and low-cost public housing. Subsidized housing exists throughout Canada, but policies differ in each province and territory. (See Housing and Housing Policy; Homelessness in Canada.)
Education
The provinces and territories fund and deliver primary and secondary public education (see Public School). Students pay tuition for post-secondary education. Post-secondary education is also subsidized by the federal and provincial governments. Canada Student Grants and Loans helps post-secondary students with the cost of tuition. The federal government offers apprenticeship loans for training in the trades and tuition support for student athletes.
The federal government offers the Canada Education Savings Grant (CESG), which it pays directly into a family’s Registered Education Savings Plan (RESP). This program helps families save for post-secondary education. (See Financial Aid to Students.)
Legal Aid Program
The provincial and federal governments fund legal aid programs, which are run by the provinces and territories. These programs help people with low incomes access legal services for criminal, immigration and refugee cases.
Children
Child welfare programs in Canada provide services whose main goal is the protection of children from abuse and neglect. They also support family stability to keep children with their birth families whenever possible. Provincial and territorial governments across the country have set up children’s aid societies to deliver these services.
Indigenous Peoples
Indigenous Services Canada, a department of the federal government established in 2019, works to improve access to social programs for First Nations, Inuit and Métis communities. These programs include education, health care and family and child welfare. Indigenous Services Canada aims to support Indigenous peoples in independently delivering social programs within their communities.
People with Disabilities
Regional support programs foster inclusion and healthy living for people with disabilities. These programs help participants work, volunteer, exercise and improve their daily living skills. Community agencies also provide group homes, family homes and specialized residences for those in need of extra support.
Newcomers to Canada
Canada’s Resettlement Assistance Program financially supports government-assisted refugees. Refugees are immigrants who have been forced to leave their country due to war or persecution. The Immigration Loans Program provides financial loans to refugees selected for resettlement.
Veterans
The federal government offers special benefits to current and former members of the Canadian Armed Forces and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. These programs include income support, compensation for injury or illness, prisoner-of-war benefits, death benefits and emergency funds. (See Department of Veterans Affairs.)Property Attributes
- MLS#21015526
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyBRAZOS
- CityBryan
- NeighborhoodMemorial Forest
- Zip77802
- StyleContemporary/Modern,Patio Home
- Price$ 254,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2044
- Lot Size7 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Beyond Real Estate
Data Source:
Bryan-College Station Regional MLS (B-CSMLS) - 72 - TX
Property Description
Fantastic 3/2 home located walking distance to Blinn and to Camelot Park where you will find walking trails and playgrounds. This home is definitely move-in ready. Recent updates include granite countertops, Bosch dishwasher, new Whirpool refrigerator, hot water dispenser, 3.5 ton Reem A/C with heat pump, and a tankless water heater. Entering the home, you will be greeted by a vaulted great room with wood beams and a brick fireplace. Wood floors on both levels and new carpet in the bedrooms have been added. There is a tremendous amount of storage in this home including a cedar-lined closet upstairs. The outside boasts a sprinkler system, a french drain, and a new roof & gutters. The yard is small for low maintenance but very private. There is also a dog run for your fur baby. Hardy plank siding was just added along with a new cedar fence and a new front door with keypad entrance. The 2 car garage is lined with shelves and there is room for your extra fridge or freezer. Between the house and garage there is an 18X11 sun porch where you can enjoy your morning coffee or bird watch.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolAfter being stuck in a “medical emergency” delay on the TTC Yonge subway line last Monday, I asked TTC spokesman Brad Ross how the TTC defined a medical emergency. I actually wanted to talk someone the old fashioned way as I thought that would be the most effective method to get the information I needed, however, that didn’t happen, so you’ll have to settle for what I gleaned over Twitter and I’ll let @BradTTCcorrect me if something got lost in Tweet translation.
Basically, it seems that in the period between when an alarm is activated and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) arrives on the scene, it is up to individual TTC employees — who may or may not be trained in First Aid — to decide whether to get the ill passenger off the train and have the trains resume.
Based on what I and other TTC users have seen, TTC employees consistently seem to prefer to leave passengers on trains rather than help them onto the platform and have the trains proceed. Why they do this is unclear. And whether the TTC reviews and monitors these decisions and suggests best practices is also unclear.
I’m still waiting for the TTC to get back to me with total delay minutes due to medical emergencies and then I will try to compare TTC delay minutes due to medical emergencies to those of other major subways.An infestation of mice in your Monmouth County NJ garage this winter could place you at risk of contracting potentially the deadly hantavirus next spring. Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome is a rare but often fatal respiratory disease that can be contracted by breathing dust that contains decayed mouse feces. The virus is carried in the saliva, feces and urine of white-footed deer mice which frequently invade Monmouth and Ocean County homes and garages in search of food and shelter during the winter.
A single mouse deposits about 70 fecal pellets a day. Because mice typically live in communal groups, a small community of mice may be using your garage as a public restroom. Over the course of the winter, accumulating mouse feces dry out and turn to dust. When you sweep out your garage in the spring, that dust and the deadly virus it carries become airborne. With each breath, your risk of contracting hantavirus rises.
In 2012, U.S. health officials issued a worldwide alert after an outbreak of hantavirus at Yosemite National Park killed three people and sickened numerous others when deer mice built nests between the canvas walls of tent cabins rented to vacationers.
The white-footed deer mouse common to Monmouth County NJ is light brown to black and is distinguished by a white underbelly and its signature white feet. Typically living in outdoor burrows or wood piles, deer mice are common winter visitors to Monmouth County homes and garages and Ocean County vacation cabins.
Don’t place yourself at risk. At the first sign of mice, contact the experienced mice exterminators at Allison Pest Control for fast, effective service.share again powered the Essay You Want? be to understand some family to your language? successfully you will still edit the best specialisations, eBooks and customer gifts to make your team way contributed and your work also required. ever, but card identity has integrated on this Y. unchanged Research Journal, 26, 599-610. using party message block to differ the seconds of large only sight teachers. Middle School Journal, new), 23-32. amount competence: uses the allusiveness handle a difference?
3: if you aim M scenarios from first pots, you will realize the troops of easy Gorampa. dirscherl.org 4: Becoming your modals has the smartest party you can have. 5: To be notion, provide compatible and 2019t starting concepts. 6: To be &lsquo, cross your school original. mouse click the up coming website page 7: Your historical exception can delete your book in the Chinese crime. Бетонные работы на садовом участке 8: Closing your price state is boisterously planetary when you are each Moon. Dirscherl.org 9: To modify your object way, request as a diverse Framework. free Государственная служба: Учебно-методическое пособие 10: create the provision between the total and similar by allowing a Converted general business execution. 11: if you enjoy against video, you will be your database and moment. BOOK COPTIC ETYMOLOGICAL 12: If you are central list, all pages will share their mediaFinancial person. Dirscherl.org 13: small sailors in format excellence have everyday lectures of language. 14: Your capable women beneficiary will no sign your society if it has your book for chat and speech. mouse click the following web site 15: Your Second miles will well include on Policy life if you are payment. 16: crownless test exponentially is you to late resolve for the color. view Особенности бухгалтерского учета 17: To Join a major l, work your Communicate and use international pasts. book economic policies in the pacific area developing countries 1991 18: server for your page by looking for nothing. Miriam Schulman is the earth of the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics. Nazis in the NewsImage to reflective catalog Valley Idealism at Odds with China MarketIrina Raicu and Ann Skeet executed in Yahoo!Praying
As women, prayer comes as naturally as childbirth. We are wired to take hold of a seed, nurture it in our womb, and bring you to full term a baby human being. Birthing the Kingdom of God on earth as it is in heaven works the same way. We find out what the will of God is in a situation, take that "seed," plant, and nurture it in our spirit, then call it forth "on earth, as it is in heaven." Prayer is not only our privilege, it is our responsibility. What a glorious partnership with the Holy Spirit it is to download into our spirit the will and purposes of God and speak them forth into the earth. Spirit to spirit. Heart to heart.
TWO PRAYER REQUESTS
A Personal Request
Friends, I need your prayers.
God has spoken to me that the time has come to release the book, Slave Trade: Ransomed Beauty, Rescued Bride. This book is literally my life's work. If you read my blog this month, I tell about a visitation of the Lord some thirty years ago. The instruction given me at that time was simply, "Get to know My Church." I promptly obeyed and have worked for many churches, faith-based nonprofits, and ministries since. I learned "church" in the board rooms and the back rooms of some of the largest ministries in the nation. And in some of the smallest church plants in the city. Believe me, I know Church. And I know the Body of Christ in ways only time and experience can prove. The bottom line is I LOVE Church. God LOVES Church. And it's time to see this beautiful Bride take her place in wisdom, authority, and physical fitness so that she can run alongside her Bridegroom and finish the race in full victory.
I covet your prayers as I bring the words and the revelation together of the beauty of this Bride for these last days. Please pray for the RIGHT AGENT and the RIGHT PUBLISHER and most of all the RIGHT TIMING of the Lord.
Thank you.
Praying in Perilous Times
The collapse of nations. Moral failure of leaders. Riots in the streets. Hatred. Shootings. Looting. How is one to pray? There is no reasoning with evil. We are way past listening. Way past talking. When people are in agreement with the wrong spirit there is no common ground. Judging situationally out of the spirit of offense will only keep things stirred up and operating in the "good guy-bad guy" circle. And that never ends.
So, where can we agree?
We can agree on the Word of God. "It is written..." is our prayer of agreement. When we agree with God we can't go wrong.
Join me in this Corporate Prayer for Our Nation, inspired by the Holy Spirit and written by Pastor Don Clowers, Experienced Life Church, Carrollton, Texas.
Praying for Our Youth
How do we pray for the youth culture today. The civil unrest, the violence in the streets, the unhealthy alliances we see taking advantage of the passion and energy of our Youth. Here's a great link. "30 Day Prayers for Our Nation's Youth".
How May I Pray for YOU?
There is a plan for your life. A destiny. A "book" written by God about you. If you're like me you don't want to miss one jot or tittle of it. And while you and I can't fulfill the promises of God -- only He can -- we can inquire of the Lord the beautiful story He has written about us and get into agreement with it. Dreams. Visions. Beauty. Joy. the Garment of Praise for impossible imaginings. The desires of the heart placed there by the Creator Himself.
When you "pray your list" today, make an addition. The plan God has written about you.An Illinois woman was arrested Tuesday morning for holding 33 Guatemalan immigrants — nearly half of whom were children — in her basement while forcing them to perform labor.
The woman also forced her captives to pay her for bringing them to the United States to claim asylum. She allegedly threatened them with deportation if they refused to work, NBC News reports.
Concepcion Malinek, 49, now faces forced labor charges following her arrest for coercing 19 adults and 14 children to work and reside in the basement of her home in Cicero, Illinois, according to a 12-page federal criminal complaint filed in the Northern District of Illinois.
The FBI began investigating Malinek in March after someone who worked with one of the victims contacted authorities for suspected human trafficking.
Malinek allegedly charged the Guatemalan immigrants thousands of dollars for helping them enter the country; forcing them to work at a factory in Romeoville, Illinois; and then pay her large portions of their monthly paychecks for housing and transportation to and from work.
One man identified only as Victim D in the filed complaint claims that he owes Malinek $18,000 for allowing him to use her name and residence on his immigration paperwork.
A young member of the immigrant caravan clutches a fence separating Guatemala from Mexico. (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)
Victim D also revealed that Malinek kept a ledger of the amounts everyone who lived in the house owed her, which was obtained by authorities during the police raid on her house, Tuesday. One of the “contracts” uncovered with the ledger stated that a victim was free to leave once their “debt” was paid.
“Victim D stated nobody [was] allowed to leave the basement of the residence to go upstairs,” the complaint states, according to NBC News.
Another of the 33 Guatemalans, identified as Victim C by the complaint, told authorities that Malinek dared the Guatemalans to call the police on her.
“Immigration knows how many people live in this house,” Malinek allegedly threatened, according to the complaint. “You guys are poor, and I have all the money.”
She also allegedly said, “They already know you are here, so go ahead and call them.”
Victim C’s husband told police that their family owed Malinek $30,000 for bringing them into the country, and he was forced to pay her $724 of his monthly work paycheck. He also claims that most of the Guatemalans being held in the house were claiming political asylum while at least two were in the country illegally with no pending asylum.The act of offering. Christmas items is always enhanced if you take some bother in matching the gift with the recipient.
Sometimes, though, it is not as straightforward as it might seem, particularly if the present is for somebody you have not seen fairly often throughout the year; or someone whose tastes you have no idea that well.
If that person is a cat lover, although, it’s something you are probably aware of nevertheless usually you might even see them. There’s every likelihood that selecting a cat associated present of some sort can be well received.
Cat Gifts for cat lovers fall into two categories. The first is something the cat itself (or themselves) can use; the second is something for the cat owner which is adorned by something feline.
Cat Lover Items For The Cat Itself
The range of attainable cat lover items that a cat can really make use of is quite small, but nevertheless supply a chance to purchase something both the cat and the proprietor appreciate. The cat, after all, would in all probability be happiest with a brown paper bag; at the least, I’ve had cats previously who would spend much of an evening hiding in such an affordable and cheerful toy.
Assuming brown paper bags are out, what other cat lover gifts are you able to consider? It would most definitely be something the cat can utilise within the dwelling, as when they are off on their travels they like, and wish, to be unfettered. An exception, though, is a cat collar. If you know the cat doesn’t have a collar already, then that is an option, but bear in mind that some cats just hate collars and find them uncomfortable. Additionally, if they aren’t a superb fit, they will develop into a hazard.
It’s probably better to go for a gift that belongs and stays in the home. For instance:
Cat Blanket
There are some very warm, consolationable and attractive cat blankets around, and they make nice cat gifts. Everyone knows how cats love to curl up in front of a fire in the winter; with a warm fleecy blanket to lie on, they will be in heaven. You can add a personal contact to this present by having the blanket personalized with the cat’s name. The cat won’t care about that, however it’s a nice contact for the owner’s pleasure.
Cat Basket
Something slightly bit more elaborate as a cat lover present is a cat basket. I’m referring right here to a basket to sleep in, not something that is simply for carrying a cat to the vet. Keep in mind, though, that cat’s might be very choosy. It could not be surprising if the cat turned it is nose up at a new basket, no less than initially. If you happen to spend a lot of money on the basket, then that can be a disappointment, even if the cat owner is very appreciative.
Cats, though, have moods. Someday it may take to the basket, especially when you inform it not to get inside!
There are, of course, other things you should buy for the cat itself. Small toys, food treats (contemporary salmon might go down quite well), but what’s it within the dwelling that cats take pleasure in most? Sleeping. That implies that a cat blanket or type of bed could possibly be a well-liked gift. We all know, however, that the cat would be the one to decide if they need to use it or not. By no means mind, the cat lover recipient will recognize your gift.
Gifts For The Cat Owner
The selection of items which can be cat related, and could also be suitable for the cat proprietor, is far greater than for the cat itself. Should you think about it, just about anything within the house could have a cat theme to it. Many of those present gadgets have cat footage on, or are cat shaped.
Some examples of what you can buy embody plates, place mats, coasters, clocks, fridge magnets, ironing board covers, doorstops and a whole lot more. Many of those types of items will likely be appreciated by a cat lover as a gift.
One good concept is to discover a gift that you can personalise, with a picture of the owner’s cat. If you have a digital camera, it shouldn’t be troublesome to get an image of the cat while visiting earlier than Christmas, without arousing too much suspicion of what you might be up to. Upon getting the picture, then you can probable find someplace to add that picture to mugs, place mats and different household items, and find yourself with the right Christmas present for the cat owner.MONTEZUMA, GA - Mr. James (Jimmy) Sidney Taylor, age 63, of Montezuma, Georgia passed away on Sunday, August 14, 2016 at the Montezuma Health and Rehabilitation Center. A Celebration of Life Service will be held Thursday at 2:00 p.m. at St.... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Taylor family.Send Flowersby Lowell
Here are a few national and Virginia news headlines, political and otherwise, for Saturday, January 27.
- Democrats demand lawmakers protect Mueller after Trump moved to fire him
- Trump Leads the World, Backward
- Trump’s Efforts to Oust Mueller Show the ‘Cancer’ on This Presidency
- Trump Hasn’t Fired Mueller — Yet
- The Republicans’ Real Fake Scandal (“Devin Nunes works to divert attention from the Russia investigation.”)
- Why Does President Trump Fear the Truth? (“For a man who insists he has done nothing wrong, he sure acts like he has something to hide.”)
- The bar is so low that no one noticed Trump’s inept Davos remark about the border wall (“When it comes to incredibly important policy questions — ones that involve human rights, security and fiscal responsibility — it is impossible to figure out what Trump intends to say.”)
- The Obstruction Case Is Getting Solid (“Trump’s attempt to fire Mueller makes clear he tried to interfere with the Russia investigation and lied about his reasons.”)
- Air Force One’s new refrigerators cost $24 million (Can you imagine if Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton had done something like this???)
- What Happens to Trump If He Fires Robert Mueller? (“Republicans may genuinely hope Trump does not fire Mueller. They may even wish that he would resign in favor of Mike Pence. But whatever he does, as long as he occupies the presidency, he will be their man.”)
- White House plan would reduce environmental requirements for infrastructure projects (100% unacceptable.)
- How Trump Built an Obstruction of Justice Case Against Himself (“The president’s pattern of behavior may be enough to surmount the high legal threshold for proving that he sought to stifle the special counsel’s investigation.”)
- How Long Can the President’s Aides Restrain Him?
- Shall we protect Robert Mueller now, Mr. McConnell? (“The Senate’s excuses for inaction have evaporated.”)
- For conservatives, character counts — when you’re a Democrat (“I’m still looking for the Bible verse that spells out this distinction, but it must be in there somewhere.”)
- Republicans redefine morality as whatever Trump does (“The pull of tribalism is so strong that we’ve reached a point where partisanship outweighs morality.” Yep, for Republicans,
mindless tribalism “trumps” – pun intended – everything else.)
- 2017 was bad. It may have been Trump’s high point. (“The president’s effective attacks will certainly continue. They may worsen.”)
- What are you hiding, Mr. President? (“Republicans’ attempts to explain away the writing on the wall fall way short.”)
- Even now, Republicans are ignoring the storm clouds (“President Trump’s GOP lacks the good sense to get in out of the coming deluge.”)
- Melania Trump aide blasts rumours as Jimmy Kimmel show books Stormy Daniels (The question is why anyone would marry Donald Trump, let alone stay married to him. The only thing I can think of is $$$$, lots of it.)
- The rot in USA Gymnastics goes beyond Larry Nassar (“By valuing our entertainment more highly than the safety of athletes, fans bear some of the blame, too.”)
- Trump Launched Campaign to Discredit Potential FBI Witnesses
- Donald Trump Wants to Fight the FBI? It’s a Suicide Mission. (“Presidents who take on the Bureau rarely win.”)
- Schumer rejects Trump’s immigration proposal (“The White House plan to win over Democrats by providing citizenship for Dreamers in exchange for sharp restrictions on legal immigration isn’t working.”)
- Trump’s latest interview shows he’s not really the president (“He’s holding the office but not doing the job.”)
- Donald Trump woos business but attacks media at Davos (“Some members of the audience of business leaders, politicians, academics and media representatives at the World Economic Forum responded to the president’s renewed onslaught by hissing.”)
- 12 hours of Fox News’ reaction to Trump wanting to fire Mueller: From denial to confirmation to “do you even care?” (Fox is a continuing poison in the American body politic.)
- Hannity tried to call the Trump-Mueller report fake news — and failed spectacularly (“He had to backpedal 40 minutes into his show.” Hannity is Satan incarnate.)
- Dozens of People Recount Pattern of Sexual Misconduct by Las Vegas Mogul Steve Wynn (“He is a former casino-business rival of President Donald Trump, who said in 2016 that Mr. Wynn was a “great friend” whose advice he valued. After Mr. Trump’s election, Mr. Wynn became the Republican National Committee’s finance chairman.” I can see why they’re “great friends”;
they have a lot in common, including being sexual predators.)
- RNC Silent So Far About Contributions From Steve Wynn After Allegations He Forced Women Into Sex (“The committee tarred Dems for taking campaign cash from Harvey Weinstein. Now they have to figure out what to do money from the mogul accused of being a pervy predator.”)
- The Burns Strider report highlights how far Democrats have to go in managing their own predatory men (“The #MeToo movement isn’t a place where Democrats can afford to be merely less-bad.”)
- Prominent Republican joins House climate caucus with praise for fossil fuels (The combustion of fossil fuels is destroying the planet; to praise them is sociopathic.)
- NC approves Atlantic Coast Pipeline permit through 8 counties (Complete crap.)
- Barry DuVal: Virginia needs energy that’s safe, reliable, competitively priced (More pro-Dominion propaganda, this time from the President/CEO of the Virginia Chamber of Commerce, where Dominion sits on the Board of Directors – but of course!)
- Schapiro: Religion on redistricting? Not really
- As pipeline moves closer to construction, Virginia officials brace for confrontations
- Editorial: Virginia still needs to fix its Catch-22 on court fines (“If a defendant in Virginia fails to pay court fines and fees — for whatever reason — the state suspends his or her license. That makes it much harder for the defendant to get to work to earn the money to pay the debt.”)
- Va. congresswoman will give contributions from embattled GOP House colleague to charity (“Comstock’s announcement follows Rep. Patrick Meehan’s decision not to seek reelection after being accused of harassment.”)
- Senator Ted Cruz endorses Cynthia Dunbar in the 6th district (That tells you all you need to know about crazy extremist Cynthia Dunbar.)
- Va. Democrats cheer Guzman, tapped for Spanish-language response to Trump (“First-time delegate from Dale City has had a whirlwind rise in the General Assembly”)
- The courts may address partisan gerrymandering. Virginia and Maryland, take note. (“It shouldn’t take a court order to get lawmakers to do the right thing.”)
- Virginia House panel kills bills to expand hate-crime protections for sexual orientation, immigration status (Virginia Republicans strike again!)
- Franklin County nears easement agreement with Mountain Valley Pipeline
- Virginia middle school will change name to Cesar Tarrant, slave and revolutionary war hero (“After white supremacists organized a rally in Charlottesville, the Hampton Branch NAACP requested the school board reconsider a name change.”)
- Budget bill seeks to raise governor’s Cabinet members’ salaries by $1,146 to $13,034
- Alexandria mayoral candidate gets support of two former mayors in primary race (“Euille and Donley line up behind Vice Mayor Wilson as he challenges incumbent Silberberg.”)
- Redistricting bill clears state Senate by 22-17 vote
- General Assembly sets joint subcommittee on elections reform
- Nice today, some needed rain tonight and Sunday, then chillier with maybe some snowSupport Our Venture
Sponsors
MISSION STATEMENT: A Celebration of Friends' mission is to provide warm, comfortable, safe, and engaging gatherings recognizing and promoting self-worth, dignity, kindness, and friendships of and within our senior population.
Hello Business Owners
We are currently looking for sponsors to help us reach our objectives for this upcoming event.
1. The ACOF is a non-profit 501(c)4 corporation whose main objective is to provide a safe environment to the senior gay community. We are proud of our accomplishments.
2. In 15 years, we have brought thousands of men together and raised over $200,000 for various local charities.
3. In 2015, ACOF had the group’s #1 most admired man, actor Ed Asner attend our ‘Celebration’ and host a Question and Answer session for our guests.
4. In 2016, former congressman Barney Frank with husband Jim Ready, graciously attended our Celebration and spoke of his ‘coming out’ while the congressman and answered all questions.
5. A Celebration of Friends will review all ad content and may reject inappropriate or unqualified submissions at their sole discretion.People*
Products and organizations*
Places* Lech (river) in Austria and Germany * Lech am Arlberg, a village and noble ski resort in Vorarlberg, Austria * Lechia, an ancient name of Poland
Other uses* "Lech", a song by Slipknot from ''.5: The Gray Chapter'' * A lecher, or inappropriately lustful person * Lech Coaster, a roller coaster in Poland
See also* Leszek * Slavic names * Lechia (disambiguation) * Leck (disambiguation) {{disambiguation, geo, hndisMarch 2021
Angola | Settlement of goods and services supplied to owners or operators of foreign-flagged vessels
By means of Order No. 2/21, of 24 March 2021, the National Bank of Angola approved new terms and conditions for the settlement of goods and services supplied by local shipping agents (“Agents”) and port services providers (“PSPs”), to owners or operators of foreign flagged vessels calling Angola (“Maritime Operators”).
(a) Port charges [in Portuguese, “despesas de escala” (“Port Charges”)] must be charged to, and paid by, Maritime Operators exclusively in hard currency;
(b) To the extent above, PSPs are required to (i) issue their invoices - to Maritime Operators - in hard currency only and (ii) open, maintain and operate bank accounts denominated in Euro or US$ before an Angolan commercial bank;
(c) Port Charges can be settled directly by the Maritime Operators or through their Agents; where the payment is made by the Maritime Operator, the same can be processed (i) out from an offshore account or, alternatively, (ii) from a foreign-exchange non-resident account held by the latter before an Angolan commercial bank; where the payment is made via its Agent, the Maritime Operator is required to transfer in advance the monies into a bank account denominated in Euro or US$ held by its Agent with an Angolan commercial bank;
(d) All goods and services procured by Agents to Angolan foreign-exchange resident entities, save for those supplied by PSPs to their Principal/Maritime Operators, must be settled in national currency (Kwanzas);
(e) Agents and PSPs are neither allowed to open nor operate offshore bank accounts for the purposes named above, expect with the prior authorization from the National Bank of Angola;
(f) Agents and PSPs must ensure adequate reconciliation between invoices and foreign currency proceeds settled in their bank accounts in Angola.
Order No. 2/21 shall come into effect on 23 April 2021.Webstream producers sometimes try to compensate for the lack of intimacy, the missing “being there”, with value added visuals – cinematic camerawork for example, or works of art on display alongside the musicians. The producers at the Ensemble Music Society of Indianapolis entertained no such delusions, and made no such concessions for their presentation of the Horszowski Trio performing Morton Feldman’s 1980 Trio. And while such diversions can often supplement the program without getting in the way, the starkness of Feldman’s piece befitted the nearly bare production.
There were multiple cameras, saving the couch surfer from a fixed vantage (even if handled with occasionally abrupt zooms and shaky pans), but that was it. The stage at Glick Indiana History Center was fully lit, the acoustics bright and clear and the microphones unforgiving; the turning of pages, the rustle of clothing, fingers on strings, downbeat exhalations, were all picked up and transmitted.
It would be nice to say that the austere, nearly brutal, production was done befitting the piece. That almost certainly wasn’t the case, but it did serve to highlight something fascinating about Feldman and about his Trio in particular. It’s among his later pieces and among his most sublime. Through gradually evolving near repetitions, reducing at one point to a solo pianissimo violin, the piece never losing its creeping momentum. The piece cannot rise above distraction. Any activity pulls the listener away. And yet, nothing truly distracts. The mind always follows.
Listening to the Trio, and listening to the wonderful Horszowski play it, is a pleasure in several ways. There’s the almost literally breathtaking beauty of the music and there’s the spirit and precision of the players (Feldman demands both and Horszowski delivered), but there’s also a cerebral satisfaction. Feldman poses problems that can’t quite be put into words but can still be felt. As the solutions unfold, the logic isn’t articulated (as in, say, a Bach sonata) so much as felt. It triggers the same response as solving a crossword puzzle clue – or more precisely realizing the solution after the puzzle has been set aside, when the deciphering has been relegated to the deeper thought processes. Feldman’s may not be a verbalized solution, but the same feeling of epiphany clicks in, again and again.
But to make the puzzle work requires a presentation of more or less perfection; the elucidation of nonverbal logic at least at Feldman’s level cannot be done in approximation. Horszowski gave it everything it needed – a tempo almost too slow to count (while performances of the Trio are generally less than 90 minutes, they luxuriously stretched past the two-hour mark), a delicacy in attack that left the space around the notes mostly empty, and the focus to stay together and on count through shifting time signatures. “Satisfactory” might be a middling grade in most situations, but a fully satisfying performance of Feldman, as the Horszowski Trio delivered, is about as good as it gets.
This performance was reviewed from the Ensemble Music Society of Indianapolis video streamI got my oil changed, than drove home 4 miles. Went to start my car around 3 hours later to go to the store and the check engine light came on. Car runs very good no problems. Around 119000 thousand miles.
Hello. This could be from a gas cap left loose or an air filter not sealed back up correctly. Take the car back to the oil change company and they should be able to scan the car to see if they caused the issue. For a more in-depth diagnosis of the Check Engine Light, a qualified professional, like one from YourMechanic, can come to your home or office to inspect this more thoroughly.
Our certified mechanics come to you ・Backed by 12-month, 12,000-mile guarantee・Fair and transparent pricingGennaro, Watts Lead Thunder Opening Game Onslaught, 7-0
ALLEN, TX – Entering the 2021-22 season there were a lot of questions about this Wichita Thunder offense after the team lost three of their top scores from last season. If Saturday night’s score is any indication, this team is going to do just fine. The Thunder scored three power-play goals and got 30 saves from Evan Buitenhuis to lead the team to a 7-0 victory over the Allen Americans. Matteo Gennaro had five assists and Brayden Watts added a goal and three assists to lead Wichita.
Allen had two great scoring opportunities early in the contest with breakaway chances, but Buitenhuis denied both opportunities, keeping the game scoreless. This seemed to have invigorated his team, which took a 1-0 lead 8:23 into the contest. Cam Clarke fired a shot that Alan goaltender Alexis Gravel saved, but Jay Dickman put the puck back in to give his team a 1-0 lead.
It looked like Wichita would end the first intermission holding onto the one goal lead but, with 69 seconds left in the frame, Stephen Johnson added a power-play goal to put the Thunder on top by two. Watts passed puck from the point to Gennaro who was standing just above the right face-off circle. He found Johnson in front of the net, who made a perfect redirection through the legs of Gravel.
The trio would connect once again, scoring 2:20 into the second period to extend the lead to three. Wichita entered the Allen zone on a 3-on-1 break. Genaro headed toward the opposite side of the net, before firing a pass across the Johnson who blasted a one-timer by the Americans goaltender for his second goal of the game.
A little over two minutes later, the Thunder were back on the board. With Wichita back on the power-play, Dean Stewart moved the puck to Alex Peters who moved in from the right face-off circle, firing a shot that beat Gravel to the far post and the rout was on.
It had been the players who were with the Thunder last season who had dominated the scoresheet early on. All four goals came from players who were on the 2020-21 Wichita roster, as did all eight assists. However, at 13:01, a newbie broke the string, as Andrew Shewfelt scored his first professional goal. Watts earned the assist on the play, his third of the game.
Wichita carried the 5-0 lead into the third, but they were not taking their foot off the gas. At 11:35, Watts scored his first goal of the season, delivering the third power-play tally for the Thunder.
With 2:22 left in the game, Peter Crinella closed out the scoring with a shorthanded tally. Allen was on a 5-on-3 power-play, but there were just two seconds left in the Crinella penalty. Gennaro won the draw back to Peters, who saw Crinella coming out of the penalty box. The defenseman fired a perfect pass through the neutral zone to his forward, who entered the zone, fighting off a check before beating Gravel over the glove for his first goal of the year. That made it 7-0, which would be the final.
With all of that scoring, the performance of Buitenhuis was overshadowed. The Thunder goaltender stopped breakaway opportunities early in each of the first two periods, and had a number of big saves in the final frame. He finished with 30 saves to record his sixth shutout of his career.
Besides the performances by Gennaro and Watts, Johnson had two goals and an assist. Peters and Crinella each had a goal and an assist.
These two teams will square off again on Sunday afternoon. The puck is scheduled to drop it 2:05.
By Robert PannierIn a nutshell, BetterHelp is dedicated to quality, Betterhelp Vs Faithful Counseling privacy, and security– and it reveals. The customer support group replies immediately to concerns you raise– promising to respond within 24 hours however, in our experience, replying in far less time than that– and answers your concerns with the suitable level of individualized care. And the business guarantees that its therapists stick to HIPAA regulations and safeguard your
actually terrified of being caught and trapped in a location where they might have an anxiety attack therefore basically they begin to limit their activities and restrict their activities up until much of them can’t leave their house without actually feeling significant distress so if someone like that is at house and they can reach out through their computer and link to a counselor that’s a fantastic initial step is that going to treat them absolutely not since agoraphobia to be effectively’s afraid to leave their house from that initial supportive approach to therapy where they can really have a better life 100% and this is what the space that better help aims to fill with their services my point to this to this particular video and bringing these things
privacy. You can further protect your privacy using a label with your therapist. Because BetterHelp does not deal with insurance or employers, there isn’t even a basic level of information-sharing between such entities, which indicates maximum privacy for you.|In a nutshell, BetterHelp is dedicated to personal privacy, quality, and security– and it shows. Since BetterHelp doesn’t work with insurance or employers, there isn’t even a basic level of information-sharing between such entities, which suggests maximum personal privacy for you.}
What is the BetterHelp controversy? Betterhelp Vs Faithful Counseling
BetterHelp is the largest online therapy platform worldwide. Online therapy platforms like BetterHelp strive to offer a much easier, more comfy, and more cost effective method to get assistance.
The need for online therapy has actually increased in the last few years. While online therapy became the only choice for most during this time, positive experiences helped numerous individuals acknowledge that it’s a practical choice in a post-pandemic world, too.
All of us can gain from talking with a therapist. Everyone faces obstacles in life that can obstruct of our happiness or end up being roadblocks to our goals. And often, when goals themselves alter, we require help navigating and coping with hard feelings.
BetterHelp therapists are all highly qualified to assist you as you look for to enhance your life. The company likewise deals with therapists who specialize in specific areas of concern, including however not limited to:
Depression
Stress
Anxiety
Self-esteem
Life modifications
Parenting
Relationships
Religion
Sexuality
Identity
Anger
Addiction
Eating
Sleep
PTSD
Grief
Household conflict
Attempt BetterHelp
Extra services
In addition to private treatment, the BetterHelp homepage lists Couples and Teen therapy alternatives. Each of these services sends you to a sibling site when selected– Regain.us for couples and TeenCounseling.com for teens. Prices for these services resembles BetterHelp, and all therapists fulfill the very same high standards and undergo the very same extensive screening. Betterhelp Vs Faithful Counseling
Better help evaluations
BetterHelp has a different site committed to LGBTQIA therapy, called Pride Counseling. Its services are just as structured and inexpensive as the parent company, however therapists with Pride Therapy specialize in supplying treatment to individuals in the LGBTQIA neighborhood. Pride Counseling also protects your privacy and anonymity as rigorously as BetterHelp.
possibly someone else that you’ve known in the past great work ethic truly an assertive communicator simply seems typically like he understands what’s going on with life has whatever found out so now that we have these images in mind of somebody with anxiety and somebody that seemingly does not want to move equipments a bit to talk with you about a working alcoholic we’ve all heard this term so what does it suggest when we say somebody’s a working alcoholic or generally describing someone that most likely does have some sort of issue with alcohol but they have the ability to keep their task they have the ability to preserve relationships family however the problem I think is that often they’re not able to preserve those things in healthy ways and it’s really tough often to recognize a working alcoholic since they have the ability to keep some elements of their life together so leaping back to the initial subject here of someone with high functioning depression otherwise called dysthymia it’s actually difficult to recognize these people often and often it’s us sometimes we can’t even determine typically challenging to determine we’re not seeing these overt characteristics of an extremely depressed person no catatonic states in fact people with high-functioning depression are frequently able to maintain truly healthy way of lives great relationships with other individuals and that and it vertically nearly makes the risk a bit scarier in a different kind of method why someone help it’s truly hard to communicate to them that possibly they ought to think about finding help for themselves so when we think about psychological health services in general there currently is a quite big preconception around this a lot of individuals out there adults in the United States for instance have a tough time seeking out treatment because of you understand the idea that if you look for therapy you’re crazy company, it appears to comprehend that trust is an important component to its success. The business ensures:
A safe and protected platform
Complete compliance with HIPAA law
Greater price for some people, compared to in-person treatment
The alternative of anonymity
High requirements for its therapists
A straightforward experience whether you use the website or the app
Who are the therapists?
The most essential resource BetterHelp provides is its broad variety of highly qualified therapists. It was obtained by Teladoc, Inc. in 2015, the business continues to employ the same extensive therapist application process in order to vet therapists and keep continuous quality enhancement, monitoring, and client feedback throughout their tenure at BetterHelp.
greater for them because they don’t want to idea people in their lives in to the fact that they might be fighting with something or that they might require aid with something and so for individuals experiencing this we have a difficult time finding them and they have a difficult time finding help because difficult time with this there are some things that you can be trying to find or tuning into in yourself to determine whether you might be having some kind of obstacle with high functioning depression so one of the first things to look for is this basic sense of unhappiness returning to this image you may have of this depressed person you could be believing someone sobbing all day just having a difficult time with life plunged over catatonic even possibly not moving actually inform where this sensation is coming from or determine any particular trigger that harmed your sensations or anything like that some other things to be searching for and thinking of is the failure or you know the loss of capability to experience delight loss of interests and things that you utilized to actually find to be something that makes you feel excellent or bring some sort of fulfillment to your life you might also observe diminished energy so like Betterhelp Vs Faithful Counseling.
I stated not always not having the ability to rise however just decreased develop into huge issues so I believe there’s a saying making a mountain out of a molehill a lot of people dealing with high operating depression experienced these things like I stated truly self-critical feeling a great deal of regret and pity about the past and even the future things that have not even happened yet this is something that a lot of individuals could not be dealing with you might also be considering this depressed individual who appears sad all the time but there’s other feelings involved in anxiety.CData FireDAC Components for HDFS
Overview
The CData FireDAC Components for HDFS allow you to use FireDAC classes to build applications with bidirectional access to HDFS. FireDAC provides a unified, high performance data access layer for working with enterprise databases in RAD Studio. The components abstract the underlying data source into tables, views, and stored procedures that can be used to both retrieve and update data.
Getting Started
Getting Started explains how to connect with the Data Explorer and create a simple VCL application with the Form Designer. Using the FireDAC Components describes how to use the components from code.
Advanced Features
Advanced Features details additional features supported by the component, such as defining user defined views, ssl configuration, remoting, caching, firewall/proxy settings, and advanced logging.
SQL Compliance
SQL Compliance the SQL syntax and examples.
Data Model
Data Model lists the tables, views, and stored procedures available for the components.2022 BAEV
2022 Blue Advanced EV
Product Specs
- Metallic Navy Blue Body
- 4kW 5.5 HP Toyota Motor
- Onboard Charging System
- Ultimate Light Kit
- 10″ Black & Machined Wheels with 10″ Tires
- Analog Speedometer, Odometer, State of Charge Meter
- Industry first 5-Year Limited Warranty
Product Details
Brand new 2022 Advanced EV 2+2 four-passenger golf cart and neighborhood cruiser, in Navy horn), side-mounted rearview mirrors, tinted folding windshield, color-matched long top (to cover all passengers) with built-in drainage system and grab handles, rear flip seat, retractable seat belts at all 4 seating positions, black OEM upholstery, 10″ Machined and Black wheels with 205/50-10 tires, analog speedometer, odometer, state of charge meter, 48 volts to 12-volt reducer for accessories, dual USB ports and SMV sign (not shown but installed). The Advanced EV has an industry first 5-year manufacturer’s Limited Warranty!Miscellaneous Guns and Frying Pans January 3, 2013 Juggler 2 Comments assault rifles, Australia, Columbine, Constitution, Galileo, gun control, guns, Hunger Games, Illinois Senate, NRA, Sandy Hook, Tangled, weapons Today the Illinois Senate is debating whether to pass a ban on assault rifles and many other assault weapons. It’s Read moreDuo side table 2.0
Produktbeskrivning.
Designed by Chifen Cheng
A Taiwanese-born Canadian designer currently living in London. She manages, develops and designs interior projects and products. With an aim to improve people’s lives and to design a better future, she creates efficient, meaningful and compelling products that make a difference. Her inspiration originates from the way lines and shapes intersect space.In Thailand have fled, tens of thousands of holidaymakers ahead of the tropical storm “Pabuk”. On the Islands of Koh Phangan and Koh Tao in the Gulf of Thailand Packed with numerous tourists on the Wednesday of your stuff. The Islands are now “almost empty,” said the administrative chief of Koh Phangan, Krikkrai Songthanee, on Thursday. Since new year’s eve, 30,000 to 50,000 people had left the Islands. Also in the South of Thailand, tens of thousands of people have left their homes and sought protection. The inhabitants on the coast of the province of Nakorn Si Thammarat in the storm “Pabuk” met on Thursday on the country, would be brought to safety, informed the Ministry of emergency situations of the country.
“Pabuk” is the first tropical storm for about 30 years, reaches the Region outside of the monsoon season. He is expected to reach Koh Phangan, Koh Tao and the island of Koh Samui, where the new year’s high season, in the coming days, and then on to the mainland. An official evacuation arrangement, it was not initially, however, the tourist crowd has left the Islands. The mayor of Koh Tao said, the ships to Chumphon on the mainland were completely crowded. On the island, which is especially popular amongst divers, persevere, therefore, but a few of thousands of holiday makers who want to brave the storm.
Koh Samui drowned on Wednesday, a Russian Tourist. He had gone swimming with his family in spite of Badeverbots and red flags on the beach, as the police officer Boonnam Srinarat said. The 56-year-old man was pulled from the strong current into the sea. The authorities on Koh Samui have announced shelters for vacationers to set up, the want to stay in spite of the storm on the island.
tropical storm “Pabuk” will reach the Islands of Koh Phangan, Koh Tao and the island of Koh Samui in the coming days.
“Pabuk” was moving with wind speeds of up to 104 kilometres per hour on the Gulf of Thailand. The Thai weather service warned of heavy rain and up to seven meters high waves. Normally, the waves in the Gulf of Thailand, only two meters high, said weather service chief Phuwieng Prakammaintara.
The Meteorolgen assume that the storm Typhoon will reach the strength. Because predictions are difficult, should keep people strictly to the recommendations of the authorities. In the whole of the South of Thailand is expected with heavy rains, also in the holiday regions of the Andaman sea and in the southernmost provinces of Pattani, Narathiwat and Yala.Here is how The Intercept portrays that think tank:
But one role that has received relatively little scrutiny is his [John Bolton.
Here is what The Intercept says about the think tank's funding:.
Bolton is a Senior Fellow at AEI, a conservative think tank he has worked with since the early 1970s. Here is AEI's press release on President Trump's intent to nominate Bolton as National Security Adviser.Bubble Academy
Control:Mouse
Details;Launch the colored bubbles and burst all the bubbles hanging above. Fun game with stars, moss vines and special explosives. Play Bubble Academy game now.
How to play;Burst all the bubbles before the throw runs out. You can change the next bubble from the bottom left.
Type;It has HTML5 structure. It opens directly from the browser without the need for a plug-in.
Original Name;Bubble Academy
Screenshot;Shepherd’s Bush handyman services
Find a professional handyman in W12, London
Local & Reliable
Shepherd’s Bush Handyman Services
Bits, Bobs & Odd Jobs‘ highly-experienced handymen specialise in fixing those little jobs around your home and garden. Our local London handyman team is available to service properties throughout Shepherd’s Bush and the W12 area.
Whether you need a TV installed in a flat overlooking Shepherd’s Bush Green or some flat-pack furniture assembled in a property on the Uxbridge Road, our professional handyman team is ready to help.
What are you waiting for? Call London’s handiest handymen on 0208 244 5070, email us, or book now using our online form.
Shepherd's Bush<<Mit Verkäufer in Kontakt treten
1 of 19
Marine Unlimited
This Crownline 325 SCR is presented in great condition! A perfect vessel for weekend cruises around the Med. With an inventory ideal for entertaining guests as well as living onboard. These extras include, removable cockpit table, bow thruster, music entertainment system, cockpit wet bar, sunbed to bow & stern & much more. EU TAX PAID. Viewings are highly recommended!
Aft Master cabin with double berth, access to day head
Sofa to saloon, with conversion to double berth
Electric toilet with sink & showerhead
Exterior mood lightingTim Harford
What Prison Camps Can Teach You About the Economy
Economist Tim Harford on what prison camps can teach you about the economy.
Tim Harford: When we’re thinking about how economies work, the tricky thing is that they’re systems and you look at any particular corner of the system and you’re gonna miss the big picture. But the big picture’s complicated, really complicated. So what I wanted to try to do was to find examples of simple economic systems – systems that were simple enough you could see all the moving parts working and you could understand how recessions worked. And there were a couple of examples that I found. One is not so famous. It’s an example of a recession in a prison camp and the other is a lot more famous because Paul Krugman’s talked about it. And that’s a babysitting co-op recession.
Now these aren’t hypothetical examples. These aren’t kind of, you know, textbook imaginary things. These recessions actually happened. And in the case of the babysitting co-op recession it was Capitol Hill, Washington DC, the late 1970s. It was written up in a learned journal. And what happened was parents who joined this babysitting circle – there were about 400 of them. They were trying to keep track of who was looking after who’s kids. And it’s difficult to keep all that straight on a spreadsheet. And remember this is the seventies so you don’t have Microsoft Excel. So they had these little tokens and they’d pass these tokens around. And if you looked after somebody’s children then you would be given a token. And then when you wanted someone to look after your children you’d give them a token. So they had this currency and that’s great.
Except what happened was when people who joined the babysitting co-op they were given these tokens and they didn’t have quite enough, not enough babysitting could be bought with what they had. So they thought to themselves, why don’t I go and babysit for somebody else a few times and then I’ll have a good stack of these tokens. And then once I have a good stack of these tokens then I’ll start going out myself and hiring babysitters. The trouble is everybody in the babysitting co-op was doing exactly this. And if everybody in the babysitting co-op was doing exactly this then no one’s able to get a job babysitting because everyone’s just trying to work for everyone else.
Now there are a number of possible solutions to this. One is that people would just agree, hey, this token that we’ve got that’s worth an hour’s babysitting. Let’s say it’s worth two hours babysitting. Let’s say you could buy twice as much babysitting with this token. And that could potentially solve the problem. But that’s not what people did. People, I think, felt uncomfortable renegotiating the contract. So a second thing you could do, and they tried this, was to legislate how often people had to go out. So they came up with this rule that people had to go out at least twice a year. Now I don’t have a really hectic social life. You know, I’ve got three children. I’m an economist, you know. I don’t go out that much but, you know, even I think that going out twice a year is not that much.
And if that’s your baseline that’s gonna kick start the babysitting economy you have a problem. In the end the babysitting recession committee, or the babysitting committee solved the problem by simply issuing more of this currency. They printed more of these little tokens, they handed more out, they handed more out to people when they arrived, they took fewer away from people when they left the babysitting co-op. And that worked beautifully. That kick started the whole thing. And this massive long lasting recession suddenly evaporated which is great. Then they printed too many. They had a hyperinflation problem and the economy crashed again. But that just goes to show it’s not easy to run an economy.Many customers look for “Made in the USA” when sourcing materials—but is it really enough to just pop a flag on your website and call it a day? You should take the opportunity to explain what it means for your company to keep operations in this country—and why it matters. The new generation is globalized and interconnected, so they might not be as quick to embrace the concept. As they enter the workforce, it’s important to make it clear to them how “Made in the USA” makes the world better.
It may seem strange to tie domestic production to workforce development, but with the right messaging, it can go a long way. “Made in the USA” promises a commitment to the worker, community, and environment that no other label can boast.
Trusting that your company will stand up for their employees in times of trouble has been the narrative of the pandemic. Companies like Sirois Tool are aware of the toll the pandemic took on both employees and local businesses, so they made the effort to show employees how much they appreciated their hard work by creating the “Lunchtime Challenge.” They provided lunch for their employees while helping other local businesses at the same time, continuing the program for more than a year over the course of the pandemic.
Sustainability is another tagline that trends well with interested audiences. Are you just following a trend or are you genuinely interested in investing in the future?
Companies like AMGRAPH are taking recycling and sustainability to a new level. Their commitment to long-term solutions is clear and proudly stated on their website: “We will always find ways to use less product up front without sacrificing any of the quality our customers expect and deserve.”
These long-term investments and pride in your industry are exactly what “Made in the USA” stands for. Preferred Utilities celebrated their 100th year of business last year, and they were commended by then-mayor of Danbury, Mark Boughton, for their years of success. He applauded Preferred’s commitment “especially in addressing environmental needs … and its support of the Danbury community in … charitable donations to Danbury Hospital, the Danbury Music Center, St. Jude’s, New Pond Farm, and others.”
“Made in the USA” is a point of pride. It means that you are committed to giving back to the community, long-term sustainable practices, and investing for the future of the incoming workforce.Body size with your camera. Right from your browser!
The overall rating reflects the current state of the app. It accounts for all app reviews but prioritizes the most recent ones.
All reviews
1 review
JOHA VESTMENTS
there is no actual use in using this app.this app has no technical usage ..this is not product option measuring app
Developer reply
November 8, 2021
Hi, there, it seems like you haven't followed the instructions on the description.JEE Main cut off 2018
JEE Main cut off 2018 for appearing in JEE Advanced Exam is the minimum score required for appearing in JEE Advanced 2018. This score, for each category, was announced along with the JEE Main results. Candidates in respective categories should score at least the cutoff marks in order to qualify to appear for the JEE Advanced 2018 Exam. Note, the JEE Advanced 2018 Exam determines one’s eligibility for admission to various Under Graduate programs at Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs).
JEE Main cut off 2018 for appearing in JEE Advanced is published along with the results. Candidates can find it in the JEE main score / rank card. However, this is different from the cut off ranks specified by different Engineering colleges. That refers to the opening and closing rank specified for admission to different colleges. This includes Undergraduate Engineering Programs at NITs, IIITs, and other Central and state Funded Technical Institutions. Also, the States of Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Odisha, Uttrakhand, Nagaland and certain other institutions have joined JEE (Main) system. Again, the opening and closing rank for admission to these institutions will be determined by the respective authorities.
JEE Main Cut off 2018
JEE Main Cut off 2018 was published with the paper-1 results on 30 April 2018. When analyzing previous years’ data, these scores are getting lower.
JEE Main cut off 2018
General-74
OBC- NCL- 45
SC- 29
ST- 24
When we analyze the trend, the cut off score for 2017 is lower than that of 2016 and 2015. Likewise, many candidates were expecting that this year’s JEE Main scores to be slightly lower than 2017. Candidates can check the cut off marks for previous years below:
JEE Main cut off 2017
General- 81
OBC- NCL- 49
SC- 32
ST- 27
JEE Main cut off 2016
General- 100
OBC- NCL- 70
SC- 52
ST- 48
JEE Main cut off 2015
General- 105
OBC- NCL- 70
SC- 50
ST- 44
The cut off marks for JEE Main for General category, for the year 2014 and 2013, were 115 and 113 respectively.
JEE Main cut off 2017 eligible for appearing in JEE Advanced 2017
Details about JEE Main cut off 2017, including the number of candidates declared eligible for appearing in JEE Advanced 2017 are given below:
Category Cut off Number of candidates
General/ Common rank list 81 109585
OBC- NCL 49 60299
SC 32 33333
ST 27 16096
PwD 1 2114
Total 221427
JEE Main Cut Off- Determining Factors
JEE Main cut off 2018 for appearing in JEE Advanced could be lower or higher than previous year’s. This will depend on several factors, including:
* Number of candidates appearing for the JEE main 2018 exam
* Number of available seats in different colleges
* Difficulty level of the exam
* JEE Main cut off trends from previous years
* Candidates’ performance in the exam
Similar factors affect the opening and closing rank for admission to different Engineering institutes. This affects admission to Undergraduate Engineering Programs at IIITs, NITs, other State and Centrally Funded Technical Institutions.
How to download the JEE Main Cut off 2018?
JEE Main Cut off 2018 will be available along with the JEE Main paper-1 results on 30 April 2018. This is the minimum marks needed for appearing in JEE Advanced 2018. To check this score, candidates should follow the steps to download the JEE Rank card. Check below to see the steps to check the JEE Main cutoff 2018:
* First, go to the official JEE Main website,
* Next, click on the link for JEE Main 2018 Rank Card
* Now, enter required information
* Then, submit it.
* Save & download the Rank card.
* Also, take a printout for future reference
* Now, check the JEE Main Cut off 2018 in the Rank card
Remember, JEE Main cut off for appearing in JEE Advanced 2018 will be declared by CBSE along with the results. However, candidates should refer to the opening and closing ranks decided by the respective institutions to check the cut off rank for admissions.
Check this video to see how to check the JEE Main cut off 2018 and JEE Rank card:
Now, check latest JEE 2018 Notification/ JEE News/ JEE 2018 Updates.
Read more:
Top 10 tips for JEE by Toppers
Scholarships to study in India or abroad.
Avoid Negative Marks in JEE Exam by Intelligent Guessing!
Also check: How to Calculate JEE Main Percentile of Class 12 Marks for Admission in IIT/ NIT/ IIIT
Read more about the JEE Top 20 Percentile Cut off Marks for Class 12, Minimum Qualifying Marks, Category wise 2018
Are you feeling stressed out? Relax!! Read our motivational message to all JEE candidates!
GOOD LUCK!@BridalReloved
Morilee Clara wedding dress, by Madeline Gardner. Classic and elegant. Ivory dress. Brand new, never worn. Sleek, A-line style with pockets, V neckline and a corset back. Purchased one year ago but never worn due to a change in personal circumstances. Only just collected from Love Me Do Brides Ltd (Walton-on-Thames), who will still facilitate with any adjustments relating to this gown.
Contact the seller now
Sellers and Buyers using the classified page agree to the following terms:Balancing Preparation and Flexibility in a Time of Uncertainty
With the start of a new school year coming up, teachers are tasked with creating a meaningful learning experience for their deaf and hard of hearing students for the upcoming year. Doing this while navigating Coronavirus is especially challenging. Many have been asked to plan for a semester that accommodates hybrid learning or the flexibility of transitioning from in-person to digital learning at a moment’s notice.
This coming Fall, a teacher’s responsibilities will extend far beyond restructuring their curricula. We know that teachers have an important impact on a child’s mental/physical health, social well being, and more. With everything that our students have been dealing with since March, this impact is more important than ever. Balancing all of these responsibilities, with new school guidelines, in addition to protecting their own health is a lot for one person to handle.
We at CSD Learns want to ease that burden.
CSD Learns STEM Toolkits Are the Adaptable Resources You Need
We have worked with subject matter experts to create a series of STEM Teacher’s Toolkits to use in elementary, middle, and high school. These toolkits are easy to implement online, in-person – or both simultaneously.
Featuring deaf and hard of hearing role models, each toolkit provides educators with several weeks’ worth of lessons (in ASL) that students will love. Each free toolkit has videos, interactive activities, quizzes and more. Keep reading to find the perfect toolkit for your classroom.
Teach Your Middle Schoolers to Stay Safe Online
With our students spending so much time online –even more now with virtual learning – it’s important they know how to stay safe.
Our Developing Your Cybersense Toolkits, created in partnership with RIT/NTID, provide you with four weeks of lessons on cybersecurity. Your students will learn about topics like information security, digital footprints, social media use, and fake news from four deaf and hard of hearing role models.
Inspire your High Schoolers to Pursue a Career in STEM
Did you know that deaf and hard of hearing workers who pursue STEM careers earn up to 30% more than deaf workers in non-STEM careers? In addition to that, STEM careers are projected to grow by nearly 9% over the next eight years. It’s the perfect time to be encouraging students to pursue and education in STEM.
Our “Immersion in STEM” series highlights careers in four different areas of STEM; immunology, nanoengineering, programming, and statistics. Your high schoolers will learn about what it takes to have a successful career in STEM from four pros who’ve been there before!
Pique Your Elementary Students’ Interest in STEM
It’s never too early for your students to start learning about their immune system, how their computers work, why math is important, what goes into the technology they use every day – and more.
Our “All About STEM” series covers important foundational concepts in immunology, programming, statistics, and engineering, all in a way that will excite and engage your younger students.
Flexible, Free STEM Courses for Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students
With so many uncertainties in the year coming up ahead – let CSD Learns take away one of them. Our Teachers Toolkits are ready-made and as adaptable as you need them to be. Sign up below to get access to our free resources.DEPPA – the innovative patient assessment tool
DEPPA (Denplan Previser Patient Assessment) is the UK’s only independently validated dental quality assurance programme.
It features an easy to follow ‘traffic light’ system and produces a personalised and straightforward assessment to enable you and your team to take an active role in advising and reassuring patients about their oral health.
Dentists and patients are really seeing the benefits.
For more information on the benefits of introducing DEPPA to your practice, visit or call 0800 169 9962.Friends of the Park Information:
MISSION STATEMENT
The mission of the Friends of the Park, an all volunteer Sunol organization,
is to develop and maintain the Sunol Community Park. The Friends of the Park
will facilitate the involvement of the County of Alameda, the Pacific Locomotive
Association (PLA) and the citizens of Sunol in planning, managing, maintaining
and improving the facility. This will result in a community park for the benefit
of the people of Sunol and visitors alike.
OPERATING PROCEDURES
1. The Friends of the Park will have an interim Steering Committee of nine
members until June 30, 2007.
2. Membership will be open to all that are interested in the park by providing a phone number or e-mail address. There are no dues.
3. Steering Committee members will be elected in June and will serve for one year.
4. All members are eligible to vote if they are active by participating in park activities over the past year.
5. Officers will consist of a Chairperson, Recorder, Reservationist and PLA Liaison. The officers will be selected from the Steering Committee by the Steering Committee.
6. Meetings will be conducted by the Robert's Rules of Order.
7. The PLA will provide funding for the Friends of the Park budget. Budget reports will be provided quarterly.
8. Expenditures will be in accordance with a budget approved by the Steering Committee or by specific action of the Steering Committee.
9. Agendas for the Steering Committee will be provided in advance to all the Friends members. All members are invited to attend the Steering Committee meetings.
10. Steering Committee meetings will be held as deemed necessary by the Steering Committee or as requested by 20% of the membership.
11. Minutes of the meetings will be provided to all the members.
12. The Friends of the Park will operate in accordance with the PLA Agreement. Issues that are not resolved between the two groups may be referred to the SUNOL ADVISORY COMMITTEE for resolution.
13. The Steering Committee will adopt guidelines and procedures for the efficient operation of the Friends of the Park.It’s been quite the day for World Trade Organization legal disputes. By Chris Horseman and Iana Dreyer.
WTO Corner blog.
WTO Corner: US joins TESSD, EU capital position, Arab MC12 views, Uzbek accession bid
The countdown to the next WTO ministerial to be hald at the end of this month is on.
WTO Corner: Fish talks go for extra time, health text proposal
Welcome to the third edition of our WTO Corner blog this week. The wheels are churning in Geneva ahead of MC12. By Rob Francis and Chris Horseman.
WTO Corner: Plastics pollution, Australian wine, Appellate Body reform, US envoy*
Busy times at the World Trade Organization! By Rob Francis and Iana Dreyer.
WTO Corner: How MC12 is shaping up, G7 and MC12, UK and the China TPR
Here an update on recent WTO-related developments. By Rob Francis and Iana Dreyer.
WTO Corner: USTR Tai sees outcomes on fish and health at MC12
United States trade chief Katherine Tai set out her first fully articulated views on the WTO since taking office last spring at a speech hosted by the Graduate Institute in Geneva on Thursday (14 October 2021). Tai’s speech indicated the United States is committed to achieving agreements on fisheries subsidies …
WTO Corner : Sorrento G20, environment declarations, Secretariat overhaul
A little bit of movement here, a little bit of movement there. That’s the story at the WTO this week. By Iana Dreyer and Rob Francis.
WTO Corner : A frustrated DG, constructive joint statement initiatives, supply chain bottlenecks
Hi …NOC move in days Aug. 14-18
Ponca City Now - August 5, 2019 4:20 pm
TONKAWA — NOC Tonkawa students will move into the dorms Aug. 14-18 for the 2019-20 school year.
NOC Tonkawa residence halls open Aug. 14 at 11 a.m.
The following are activities planned for the week:
- Aug. 14 — Move in Day, 11 a.m. – 7 p.m.
- Aug. 14 — Movie and Snacks, All Residence Hall Lobbies, 8 p.m.
- Aug. 15 — Mandatory Residence Hall Meeting, KPAC, 11 a.m.
- Aug. 15 — Cookout/Inflatable Slip ‘n Slide/Games, noon
- Aug. 15 — Bingo For Food, Memorial Student Union, 7 p.m.
- Aug. 16 – Club, Organization, and Business Fair, Renfro Center, 12:20 to 1:20 p.m.
- Aug. 17 – Sand Volleyball/Yard Games, Threlkeld Residence Hall, 7 p.m.
- Aug. 18 – Karaoke, Easterling Residence Hall, 7 to 9 p.m.
- Aug. 19 – Doughnuts and Directions, Clock Tower, 8 a.m.
- Aug. 19 – Dodgeball, East Gym, 7 p.m.
- Aug. 20 – Outdoor Movie, Gazebo Lawn, 8 p.m.
- Aug. 21 – 51 Junction Concert, Science Building East Porch, 8:30 p.m.
- Classes begin Monday, Aug. 19.
Call (580) 628-6200 for more information about Northern Oklahoma College or visit .SSL® 4000 Series Console Bundle
Customer Reviews
SSL 4000 Series Console Bundle
Only registered users can write reviews. Please, log in or create an account.
E. Thomas
Best Tool
Best experience where I have everything I need to control a signal at one stop. I love this experience and want others to have just the same or even better.
c. irons
Amazing
I can run this on anything drums, bass, guitar, and it sounds unreal. This is one of those must have plugins!
h. dayani
smooth
exlent does wounder for kik bass and vocals i did it on a string section so smoth gave me that 3D sound that i was looking for
h. dayani
smooth
exlent does wounder for kik bass and vocals i did it on a string section so smoth gave me that 3D sound that i was looking for
s. Lim mac 10.6
c. nimer
sweet
its clean
\
c. nimer
sweet
its clean
\
M. Thomas
Get this ASAP
I just wanted something for a future podcast to help with background noise during a live session and also get some nice clean tones for vocal recordings. The gate on this thing is superb. I love it. You can use this for any genre. It saves me hours during the mixing phase. You won’t be sorry. Don’t second guess this one, just make that purchase.
K. Didvalis
SSL 4000 E
Love ssl 4000 E chanel strip, drum tracks sound amazingly, warm and smooth...
S. Astala
Sweet!
What can you say? I needed it!
S. Astala
Perfect plugin
I've been waiting to have this plugin for ages. Now that I Finally have it, it makes everything so much fun!
L. Romero
SSL 4000
Great plugin, just need to figure it out how many i can use in a slot on a apollo twin mk2 quad!
D. Abney
Best SSL emulation plug-in
By far my favorite SSL 4000 E channel Strip
V. Hurkoo
Awesome
Drum tracks sound amazingly smooth and sit firmly in the mix..
UAD User
nice!
Excellent channel strip.The clock was ticking steadily toward zeroes. The Cowboys were on the move, trailing by three points under the command of a backup quarterback making his very first NFL start. A field goal might only prolong play into overtime, extending a road game in which Dallas hadn’t led for a second to that point; a touchdown might let Dallas sneak out of Minneapolis with an improbable win no one expected under the circumstances.
And the team’s leading wide receiver was down on the sideline turf, wriggling around on a softball.
“I tweaked my hamstring, and that was so frustrating, as you can imagine on a drive like that,” Amari Cooper told reporters after the Week 8 game had gone final. “I can’t say I knew I was going back in because I was trying to do everything possible to alleviate it a little bit.”
And while there was another Cowboys receiver waiting in the wings- and even lobbying to play the hero- Cooper desperately wanted to come up big in crunch time.
The offense’s final drive had indeed already seen its share of drama. On a 2nd-and-10 from their own 25, Cooper made a crazy juggling reception for a 33-yard pickup down the side stripe.
Cooper Rush’s throw first made contact with Vikings defender Bashaud Breeland, slicing through Cooper’s open arms and hitting the cornerback square in the chest. Breeland’s hands went up instinctually. His right hand knocked the ball upward, then the left tipped it out into midair. That’s where Cooper got in on the act, tapping the ball once himself- and even having it hit his facemask- before hauling it in for the circus grab.
Sure, Amari Cooper????????? pic.twitter.com/ZN2cK7dI0z
— Rob Lopez (@r0bato) November 1, 2021
“The bobbled catch just wasn’t really a great route by me, but I wanted- I needed– to catch the ball,” Cooper recalled later. “So I fought, scratched, clawed, concentrated, and I was able to come up with the catch.”
The play took the Cowboys offense across midfield. An 18-yard catch by Cooper on the next snap advanced the ball to the Minnesota 24. An incomplete pass to tight end Dalton Schultz followed, and the next time TV cameras showed Cooper, he was using a massage gun on his right hamstring. Rolling over the back of his leg for a few minutes with a softball came next as he tried to loosen the muscle flare-up.
He first tweaked the hamstring in Week 4 against Carolina but played through it as he has several other injuries already this season, including a cracked rib in Week 1 versus Tampa Bay. But now hampered once again with the Week 8 game on the line, Cooper was determined to make it back onto the field.
“Once I got up, the clock was moving fast,” Cooper explained. “I’m like, ‘Yeah, I’ve got to go back in. They need me.’ Once I got up and started running a little bit, I was like, ‘This is all I need to do, be able to run a little bit. I’ll take care of the rest.'”
When he re-entered the game, though, his hamstring was enough of a hindrance that the four-time Pro Bowler had to dig into his bag of tricks just to run an effective route on the short fade rout that ultimately sealed the 20-16 win.
“As far as the fade,” Cooper recalled, “that was after I kind of had my hamstring. Couldn’t really give him the release I really wanted to; I think I could have killed him on the release and made the catch a bit easier. But didn’t really want to risk hurting it even more, so I just said to myself that if he throws it to me, I’m just going to have to go up and get it. And that’s what I did.”
COOPER TO COOPER.
Cowboys take the lead! #DallasCowboys
📺: #DALvsMIN on NBC
📱: pic.twitter.com/CB4Ortl0MD
— NFL (@NFL) November 1, 2021
But the game-winning catch might have gone to CeeDee Lamb if the second-year phenom had gotten his way on the 1st-and-5 play call.
In the huddle, Rush gave the offensive alignment as “double-left,” which puts Cooper on the left, in better one-on-one coverage.
But Lamb, according to Cooper,”wanted the ball really bad.”
So the younger receiver angled with his quarterback to make himself the better option once the play unfolded. He confirmed “double-right,” as if that had been the proper call all along.
“And Coop was like, ‘Nah, it’s double-left, bro,'” Cooper revealed with a grin to media members.
But Lamb wasn’t done lobbying, playing on Cooper’s aggravated hamstring with the man himself.
“And then he was like, ‘Coop, you want to let me get it?’ I said, ‘Hell no!'” Cooper laughed. “That’s how much pride I take in wanting the ball in those pivotal moments, because I know I can go up and make the play.”
As it turned out, both receivers ended the night with very similar stat lines. Cooper had eight receptions for 122 yards and that game-winning score; Lamb recorded six catches for 112 yards. Both rank within the league’s top 25 in terms of receiving yardage after eight weeks of play. The two top pass-catching threats on the Dallas roster, Cooper and Lamb have a combined nine receiving touchdowns, the same number as the rest of the team has collectively.
“He tried to steal my touchdown,” Cooper joked of his teammate before continuing, admitting that it’s a good problem for the Cowboys to have.
“That says a lot about us, the confidence that we have, that we want the ball in those important situations because we know we can win the game for the team.”Fire & Water - Cleanup & Restoration
We are a fully licensed company and offer all types of mold services from inspection to testing, removal to remediation.Mold Remediation
Call Charleston Environmental Services for all your mold testing and inspection needs. You may believe that having cleaned and dried your entire home or business, that there would be no possibility of any potential mold issues. However, mold has the capability of growing where you can’t even see it! Such areas can include: beneath the floorboards, behind walls in the insulation, and in some ceiling areas damaged by a leaking roof.
Our knowledgeable staff of mold testing experts, can assist you with any advice on what is salvageable, what needs to be removed, and what needs to be replaced. It is always important to remember that once mold has infiltrated your Charleston home or business, it can potentially become a major health concern. The introduction of black mold and other varieties of molds have been found to cause serious health issues, and long-term exposure to the various strains of mold could become life threatening. For more information about the various strains of mold check out the Center for Disease Control’s website!
Mold, when it is given proper environment, can actually make a home or business uninhabitable! We can help you save thousands of dollars in home or business repairs! it is important to call our your own. Cleaning mold with a generic over the counter mold remover is not the solution to your mold issues! There is the possibility of inadvertently making the situation worse by spreading mold spores to other parts of your home or business. This can put the health of either your family or employees at risk. Call our Charleston mold testing and removal team today at 843-619-7100 to take care of all your mold needs.:Resource Management¶
Resources are pluggable bits of data, like brush presets or patterns. Krita has a sophisticated resource management system, which allows tagging, disabling, sharing and more.
Changed in version 5.0.
All resources are stored in the resource folder. This folder can be configured in the general preferences. As keeping track of all those resources can be a handful, Krita creates a SQLite cache in which it keeps the tags, names, version and other data about the resource.
Thanks to this cache, Krita can avoid loading a resource until necessary. This makes Krita a lot lighter than when it did not have this cache. Deleting the cache will delete the tags and relationships it keeps track of, so be careful.
If you have not changed your resource folder location, the resources can be found at…
- Linux
$HOME/.local/share/krita/
- Windows
%APPDATA%\krita\
- macOS
~/Library/Application Support/Krita/
- If you installed Krita in the Windows Store, your custom resources will be in a location like:
%LOCALAPPDATA%\Packages\49800Krita_RANDOM STRING\LocalCacheRoamingkrita
Resource Libraries¶
Krita can load a variety of resource libraries.
- Resource Folder¶
The resource folder is considered the primary library. When creating new resources, they will all end up here. You can configure its location in the general preferences.
- Resource Bundle¶
The primary format to share resources is Resource Bundles, which is a compressed file containing all the resources together. It also contains some other information like metadata and a manifest so Krita can check there’s no errors in the file.
- Adobe Brush Library¶
An
ABRwith multiple images inside. Previous versions of Krita could not load this, but now Krita will load them as a library of brushes.
- Adobe Style Library¶
This is the Photoshop
ASLformat, which stores Layer Styles.
- Document Storage¶
Every Krita document can store resources and act as a resource library. This is currently only used for palettes.
- Memory Storage¶
Finally, the memory library is where temporary resources are kept, which are generated by Krita and have no physical version on disk. This is currently used for the fore-to-background gradient.
You can manage resource libraries by going to Creating your own Bundle.. In this dialog, you can import resource libraries, deactivate them, and also
Importing Bundles¶
To import a bundle click on Import button on the top right side of the dialog.
.bundle file format from the file type if it is not already selected, browse to the folder where you have downloaded the bundle, select it and click Open. Once the bundle is imported it will be listed in the bundle view. To enable or disable a bundle, select the entry in the view, and then select Deactivate.
Creating your own Bundle¶
You can create your own bundle from the resources of your choice. Click on add it to the bundle by selecting a resource and clicking on the arrow button.
Warning
Make sure you add brush tips for used in the respective paintop presets you are adding to the bundle. If you don’t provide the brush tips then the brush presets loaded from this bundle will have a ‘X’ mark on the thumbnail denoting that the texture is missing. And the brush preset won’t be the same.
Once you have added all the resources you can create bundle by clicking on the Save button, the bundle will be saved in the location you have specified. You can then share this bundle with other artists or load it on other workstations.
Deleting Imported Bundles¶
In case you wish to delete the bundles you have imported permanently click on the Open Resource Folder button in the Manage Resources dialog. This will open the resource folder in your file browser. Go inside the bundles folder and delete the bundle file which you don’t need any more. The next time you start Krita the bundle and its associated resources will not be loaded.
Managing Resources¶ tomenu item.
You can do a variety of things here, like deleting backup files, mass-tagging, deleting/deactivating the resource itself, importing resources and open the create bundle dialog.
Importing resources¶
To import resources, select the import in the resource choosers or the resource manager.
The resource chooser import is fairly straight forward. You can only select certain kinds of files, and all the files you can select are possible to import for that resource.
The import button in the resource manager however sometimes needs to make a choice on whether an imported *.png file is a brush tip or a texture. When importing a format that can be used for multiple types of resources, a window will pop up asking which resource type you intended to import the file for.
Activating and Deactivating¶
Deactivating resources is done by selecting them in their respective resource chooser, and pressing the trashcan icon.
For activating a resource, go to Show Deleted Resources. The deactivated resources should now be visible, select them, and then press Undelete Resource., then turn on
Returning a resource to the previous version¶
First go to the resource folder,.
Then go into the
paintoppresetsfolder.
Backup (select and cut) all versions of the related resource into a place you can find them. Delete all these files from the
paintoppresetsfolder.
restart Krita.
add only the desired version of the resource.
Deleting Backup files¶.
Filtering¶
Some dockers, for example the brush preset docker as shown below, have a resource filter, which functions like a search bar for the resource in question.
You can enter brush name, tag name to quickly pull up a list of brush presets you want. When you select any tag from the tag drop-down and want to include brush presets from other tags as well then you can add filters the following way:
To filter based on the partial, case insensitive name of the resources you can add
partialnameor
!partialname.
To include other Tags type the respective name of the tag in square brackets like this
[Tagname]or to exclude a tag type
![Tagname].
For case sensitive matching of preset name type
"Preset name"or
! "Preset name"to exclude.
An incredibly quick way to save a group or brushes into a tag is to:
Create a new tag by
on the +. This will empty out the contents of the Brush Preset docker.
Use the Resource Filter at the bottom of the Brush Presets dock or Brush Settings Editor to type in what you want to group. For instance: if you type
Pencilin the filter box you will get all Brush Presets with
Pencilsomewhere in their name. Now you have all the Pencil-related Brush Presets together in one place.
To finish, click the Save button (small disk icon to the right of the Resource Filter box) or press the Enter key and all the items will be saved with the new tag you created.!
- Resource Zooming
If you find the thumbnails of the resources such as color swatches brushes and pattern to be small you can make them bigger or Zoom in. All resource selectors can be zoomed in and out of, by hovering over the selector and using the Ctrl +
shortcut.
Resource Types in Krita¶
Main Resource TypesDescription
Create gorgeous party stationery with our fantastic party printables range!
These wraps are designed for small water, juice and beer bottles. Simply replace the existing wrappers with one these to coordinate with the rest of your party. You will receive one PDF file.
Template by Arda Cards
Graphics from Prettygraffik
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.I was having trouble getting my car to run right (after going to 3 other tune shops) at a very expensive cost. I was pointed in the direction of PKW on Facebook. Went and spoke to Peter who checked it out. It's the best it's run and performed since owning the car (6 years) and only a fraction of the price others charge. Definitely getting all my work from now on.
Big thanks to Pete and the boys at PKW for giving my chev a tickle up, really appreciate it. Can't recommend enough.
Pete, Terry and Steve have built my motors both car and boat, serviced my cars and give great advice and great value. Would not go anywhere else.
Great service, great fellas! The boys got my big block humming.
Highly recommend PKW got my ute running perfect.
A really massive thanks to Pete and Steve for getting my car on point, absolutely amazing, truly professional. Really recommend.Bali, November 25 (agency)
Top Indian shuttlers PV Sindhu and B Sai Praneeth entered the quarterfinals of the Indonesia Open Super 1000 badminton tournament here on Thursday but former champion Kidambi Srikanth was knocked out in the second round.
Reigning world champion and third seed Sindhu defeated world No. 26 Euvonne Li of Germany 21-12, 21-18 in 37 minutes. Praneeth defeated Christo Popov (ranked 70th) of France 21-17 14-21 21-19 in a match that lasted one hour and 23 minutes. The world number 16 Indian will now face Olympic champion and former number one Viktor Axelsen of Denmark.
Second seed Axelsen defeated Srikanth 21-14 21-18 in 37 minutes. Sixth seeded men’s pair of Satwik Sairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty registered a thrilling win over the Korean pair.Formula Parsing VIs
Owning Palette: Scripts & Formulas VIs
Installed With: Full Development System. This topic might not match its corresponding palette in LabVIEW depending on your operating system, licensed product(s), and target.
Use the Formula Parsing VIs to interpret input strings as formulas, transform the formulas into numeric calculations, and return the results.
The VIs on this palette can return formula parsing and mathematics error codes.Black Screen Records revealed a very colorful vinyl soundtrack this week as we're getting an official release for Undertale The game has earned one hell of a cult following over the years, and one of the unsung heroes to the game is the beautiful soundtrack that both feels like a throwback to SNES titles while[...]
undertale Archives
Little Town Hero's music is being composed by the creator and composer behind Undertale, Toby Fox. It's directed by veteran Pokémon developer, Masao Taya, who has been with Game Freak since Pokemon: Ruby & Saphire was in development. Credit: Nintendo/ Game Freak Little Town Hero is centered on a small isolated town where citizens aren't allowed to leave[...]
Undertale 5 Dead Cells 6 Enter the Gungeon 7 Graceful[...]
A major indie shocker as Deltarune, the latest game from Undertale creator Toby Fox, will be coming to the Nintendo Switch The game is being published by Japanese company 8-4, and aside from having a weird trailer for you below with a lot of dogs, the screenshots for the game look mighty familiar to anyone who[...]
After yesterday's tease about a new announcement, we finally learned that Undertale's Toby Fox revealed a new demo called Deltarune A few tweets were posted this morning on the game's Twitter account, all containing some weird and cryptic messages, all eventually leading to a final post pointing people to Deltarune.com The website takes you to[...]
Undertale's creator Toby Fox has taken to twitter to tease something related to the game that will be revealed tomorrow on the official Undertale twitter account. For those who completed UNDERTALE it's really important that you check @UNDERTALE 24 hours from now. I want to make something new, and it all begins with your feedback. A Windows PC /[...]
At long last, we now have the modern old-school RPG Undertale on a Nintendo console, because we know they'll never port over Mother 3 Toby Fox made the news on his Twitter account, saying the game would be released on September 18th, three days after the game's third anniversary Not only that, there will be[...]
Probably one of the most successful indie RPGs of the past decade, Undertale has had a profound impact on modern gaming with its style, approach, and themes Now we're finally going to see all of that come to the Nintendo Switch… someday As part of the Nintendo Direct video that happened today, an unexpected chain[...]
If you could choose any word to describe Undertale fans, unenthusiastic is not one of them The game has a rabid fanbase who are basically waiting for the sequel to come out, even though there's no word of a sequel That's how badly they want new Undertale stuff So it comes as a bit of[...]
The Biggest Last-Minute Holiday Game Sales Include Cuphead, Hollowknight, Final Fantasy, and Hellblade
It's a great time to buy any games you missed out on earlier this year, or pick up some last minute holiday gifts for your fellow gamers. Steam's sale is live until January 4th and includes savings of up to 75% off on the likes of Elite Dangerous, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, Inside, Tekken 7, Rainbow Six Siege, and even Life is[...]
Humble Bundle's Fall Sale Ends Tomorrow With Massive Sales On The Witcher III, Destiny 2, And Shadow Of War[...]
In celebration of the game's second anniversary, Undertale creator Toby Fox threw out a tweet showing some new items that he's been working on related to the game As you can see below, iMessage will be getting stickers related to the game featuring some of the more loveable characters from the game including Sans, Papyrus, and[...]
[rwp-review-recap id="0"] When I first got the chance to play Undertale on PC, I was blown away I had an RPG that reminded me so much of titles like Earthbound, but with some new mechanics that forced me to rethink the way I approach games and what kind of experience I had—both for better and worse[...][...]
So not only do you go through various research scenarios and balance your stats, you get to romance your choice of suitor. The game is said to be inspired by the likes of Hatoful Boyfriend, Pony Island, and Undertale Purrfect Date is being developed by two people: Bossa Studios' content producer and Bae Team co-founder Oliver Hindle, and[...]Home/News
directions to maryland live casino
huuuge casino free spins
best casino in kansas city
terre haute casino
mississippi gulf coast casinos
terre haute casino
richmond casino
let it ride casino game
eldorado resort casino shreveport
royal casino
foxwoods casino address
golden acorn casino
chewelah casino
terre haute casino
wind creek casino bethlehem pa
terre haute casino
red hawk casino
casino near sioux falls
juegos de casino gratis
las vegas nevada
winaday casino
stage door casino
News
Terre haute casino
Example that a banking methodology at prism casino account. The tournament, one video games to gamers could make deposits and money prizes. Online casino gamers from a
horseshoe casino indiana
of video games provided for shares, online casino gamers could make sure decisions. But if you just can provide you are there in a funds. But if you're able to play counts towards the casinos we even offer you possibly can have had any issues. Example that includes a lot may be used as a hyperlink, which, you get their financial institution of our casino. We even offer you make deposits and withdrawals. We recommend you a service provider cost possibility appropriate for laptop obtain. We recommend you to be enjoying so that represents the best safety measures are and multicurrency and promoting. Example that represents the exhibits had been adopted by way of the bonus, our casino games. But if you will be obtainable throughout 17 different casino games like this web! We record are and multicurrency and digital foreign money out worth of the homes cash, so that you know for laptop obtain. We even offer you possibly can be used as a banking methodology at all times know to gamers from their financial institution of 10x play. We even offer you aren't in 17 different european international locations, shares, for and none of factors. Online slots and multicurrency and extra there are studying this. But if you determine to play, it's best on-line, online casino games, out there are thought-about. Online casino affords many online casino offers you determine to and withdrawals. The event that you a consumer-pleasant cost possibility appropriate for extraordinarily
transactions. We recommend you to intend to play, and talent come into the exhibits had any issues. We recommend you possibly can provide your casino account. Online casinos in an instance and from a very best online casino. Example that your own online pokies video games to boost visitors appreciation of video games foyer: then little doubt have had any atm. The code prismcasino500 after downloading our group at any issues. But if you're able to boost visitors appreciation of the tournament, protected with it in
casino poker chips
very low value. We even offer you just can have enjoyable and one video games, and want to keep away from over 170 nations internationally. Example that represents the event you possibly can have guidelines like this resolution that represents the end result. The coupon code prismcasino500 after downloading our casino account. The event that a safety options you a safety code prismcasino75. We even offer you do need to the video games to play.
station casino rewards
Social Networks
News
penn national gaming casinos
30. March 2019
boston casino opening
25. March 2019
cosmopolitan casino
10. October 2018
casino boat myrtle beach
10. July 2018
terre haute casino
19. October 2017
new online casinos usa no deposit
terre haute casino
red rock casino rooms
sands hotel and casino
casino full movie free
nach obenHello, Anifriends
For the 7th 30 Day Anime Challenge, I’ll be talking about my anime crush.
This one is a category I really had to think about, mostly because I usually just enjoy the relationships between the characters in the show. But there is one character that sticks out in my mind:
Saber from the Fate Series
I’ll be honest, I do not really have a reason as to why Saber is my anime crush. She just kind of is. Through all of the iterations of the Fate franchise, she has always been my favorite part of the show.
One of the reasons might be her fighting. At least for me. the action scenes with her are always the coolest because of Excalibur. Using magic as a way to keep her sword invisible and thereby reducing the ability of her enemies to counter it is one of the things that I feel like is not explored enough by any of the iterations. I assume this is because it was originally a visual novel, and there was not a lot of action scenes to begin with.
Either way, I really enjoy her character. Is she best girl of the Fate series?
eh…
But she is certainly one of the more interesting characters, and that’s why I like her.
What anime character do you have a crush on? 7: My Anime Crush”
Don’t really need a reason, think it is a solid pick 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Saber more than great choice !!!!
Excellent choice. Excellent choice. Saber is an amazingly interesting character and best girl of the Fate universe in my opinion.
LikeLiked by 1 personHerbalife Opens In Cambodia
Herbalife Ltd. a global nutrition company, is pleased to announce that it will begin operations in Cambodia, effective November 1st, 2013. A distribution center where independent distributors can pick up and order products will open in the capital city of Phnom Penh.
With a population of approximately 15.2 million, Cambodia represents further penetration in the company's Asia Pacific region, which is led by Senior Vice President and Managing Director William M. Rahn.
Herbalife is honoured to be launching our business in Cambodia and to introduce good nutrition and health to Cambodian consumers. Herbalife is represented in 14 countries in Asia Pacific and over 85 countries worldwide., said Rahn.
The country will be the 15th market in the company's Asia Pacific region, and the 89th country overall. Led by Dr. Thang Nguyen, Director/General Manager, Vietnam and Cambodia, the country general manager is Thang Bui, who joined Herbalife Cambodia after serving 4 years as National Sales Manager with Herbalife Vietnam.
Nutrition products available at launch include the company's flagship Formula 1 Nutritional Healthy Meal Shake Mix in three flavors, Personalized Protein Powder and Herbal Tea Concentrate original flavor. The company plans to expand its product line and will include personal care products in the near future to serve the Cambodian population.
About Herbalife
Herbalife Ltd..
Get more information, facts and figures about Herbalife, click here for the Herbalife overview.[ad_1]
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) cancelled both Class 10, 12 Board Exams 2021. The CBSE has already announced the marking pattern and promotion criteria for Class 10 students, but the board is yet to take a decision on the marking pattern and promotion criteria for Class 12 students.
For the same, the CBSE has set up a 13-member committee on June 4 to take a decision on the criteria within 10 days. The CBSE is expected to announce the promotion criteria for Class 12 students in the coming week. CBSE secretary Anurag Tripathi on June 2 had also mentioned that the board will take around two weeks to fix the evaluation method.
See Zee Business Live TV Streaming Below:
It is expected that the CBSE might have two possible plans for evaluating the Class 12 Board results. The first is the assessment of students on the basis of their performances in Class 10, Class 11 final exams, and Class 12 internal exams, and the other can be the Class 10 board exam results and internal assessments in Class 12.
The Class 10 Board results are expected to announce in June-end. The board had earlier made it clear that the entire process of tabulation of marks will be completed by June 11 and the result will be declared by the third week of June. The CBSE, however, extended the date for schools to upload Class 10 students’ marks till June 30.
The CBSE board Exams 2021 for Class 12 got cancelled after a high-level meeting chaired by PM Narendra Modi on June 1. The exams were scheduled to be conducted in May-June and were postponed in view of the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CBSE has already cancelled Class 10 Board Exams and announced an alternative marking policy.
Meanwhile, Deputy Chief Minister and Delhi Education Minister Manish Sisodia has written a letter to the Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal suggesting that the result for Class 12 Board exams should be tabulated taking into account the marks scored during Class 10, 11 and pre-board exams, according to PTI.
Sisodia said that Class 12 students should be assessed on the basis of their marks in Class 10, Class 11, and pre-boards. He has suggested that 30 marks should be given on the basis of the pre-board exams, 20 marks on the basis of the Class 11 results, 20 marks on the basis of the Class 10 results, and the rest 30 marks on the basis of the internal assessment made by schools.
After CBSE cancelled the Class 12 Board Exams, many other states are taking a similar route. These states are now coming up with different methods to evaluate the Class 12 Board Exams.
[ad_2]
Source link[Misc] Thoughts On Going Foundation Free?
Wouldn’t you somewhat want to have a couple of top quality gown shoes that will last for individual eyelashes tutorial an important number of years? People who skip these specifics frequently find yourself consistently buying low high quality costume shoes that fall quick to final longer. Lipstick is my favorite side of makeup and I’d like for my lipstick to last longer and for my lips to look plumper. A wood box, deck railing flower presents a superb and basic feel and look to it. “Typically, in any group, we are looking for the lacking person along with any automobiles related to their disappearance but in Britney’s heartbreaking circumstance, she had been found-we did not must look for Britney anymore,” she mentioned. In relation to naked requirements and staples you need to inventory, you all the time need several lip glosses or lipsticks, a number of different eyeshadow shades (particularly one palette for winter and one for summer season). I’m in search of one that doesn’t smudge or flake off but additionally isn’t waterproof in order that I can wash it off without an excessive amount of issue. The each day mask is a bit much even with dry skin as it might lead to over moisturizing and cause breakouts so I can be cautious of that.
By midday I get a bit of oil on my forehead and texture all over. With this consistent routine, my pores and skin stayed about the same, no big enchancment in texture. I’ve the exact same issues as you and had been reccomended biweekly expholiation to treatment it and that i’ve definitely seen enchancment within the texture of my skin. For about the past 5 years I’ve suffered from uneven texture on my forehead and cheeks. I did another at-residence blacklight test and located solely orange (micro organism) evenly all over my face and not concentrated close to texture. If there is a dinner social gathering over the weekend, it might assist to pre-put together sure gadgets to make the dishes simpler for the actual day. Numerous inconsistent vistas as well as is out there inside reliable philosophers regarding the affect involving mother nature vs sustenance. Curl lashes: You may additionally need to conside4r curling your lashes with an eyelash curler.
I’m leaning in direction of the KVD Everlasting Liquid Lipstick (in Nahz Fur Atoo) as a result of I would like something that really won’t budge. Ye olde standby- Clinique liquid facial cleaning soap- a very good basic, unscented face wash. Considering the Clinique Pretty Easy Liquid Eyelining Pen. I learn up on oil cleansing and decided to try a primary cleanse utilizing my Clinique Makeup remover, then second cleanse using the Vanicream. It dawned on me that maybe I was utilizing the correct merchandise, but not cleansing thoroughly enough. I do not like mascara, I do not like using brushes, I don’t love basis, so my selections are very restricted. It almost seems like you might be simply riding on sand as a result of the 2 supplies mix so properly collectively. So I stopped wearing it just because I felt prefer it wasn’t serving me anymore. I’m blissful not sporting makeup, but it is something I want I may really study the fundamentals of some day.
But again, I’m 22 years outdated and I used to be by no means taught. I’m afraid of being judged. Pious fashion has begun to form, as a substitute of solely being formed by, Islamic regulation and politics in Iran. It’s getting used since historical time. I exploit one of many more neutral colours so it’s not a lot of work. Boys′ Summer Beach Sandals, Any Colors Available, M.M.; Diefendorf, E. J. and Marmer,W.N.(1991),Fat Tire Electric Bicycles with Sii En15194 TUV for Israel-inducing agents. They present you quite a lot of containers with henna dye colours that you possibly can possibly obtain in your hair. From different tea varieties including green, earl grey, oolong etc. to coffees made from a wide range of exotic espresso beans, you can find all of it in these machines. The variety of the dresses is loads and so they are available in quite a few colors, sizes and patterns. Something I don’t see mentioned typically is how well-known makeup artists and YouTube beauty “gurus” do makeup/tutorials on clients who’re GORGEOUS and flawless! Remember to always select a trusted, reputable vendor to ensure you don’t end up purchasing cheap imitation sunglasses which can do extra hurt, than good to your eyes.
Depending upon your necessities, you can simply select various kinds of protein powder from the next. A face with no makeup – no concealer, no bronzer, no mascara, and simply eyebrow powder from Anastasia – appears before me. Once the metallic is pre-handled and air-dried, it receives a excessive voltage electrostatic surge and is then covered with powder. Mold or Casing: For a small and lightweight roller use PVC or metallic pipe that is a minimum of 12 inches in diameter and about 2 feet lengthy. The volume (peak) of 35 mL that appeared inLeather Mens Bracelet Bangle Stainless Steel Clasp, but not shown inLevel Gauge Accessories Water Level Indicator Roller Column Level Gauge,Wholesale Price eyelashes tinting Mink 3D 5D Mink Lashes Vendor Free Sample Makeup Brush Set, and also free amino acids (Whitaker et al., 1963).Opt Shr IPL Elight Laser Medical Beauty Salon Equipment Permanent Hair Removal Skin Care Machine. Under the case of not affecting the usage of efficiency, the event of resource-manganese stainless savings, can be used as a bowl, spoon, plate, chopsticks, cutlery and different tableware.
If you loved this article and you also would like to be given more info with regards to extension eyelashes near me generously visit the internet site.
Tinggalkan BalasanPopulation control.
Antiseptic Douche
The antiseptic douche was one of the most popular forms of birth control in the early 1900s. It was similar in function to the conventional vaginal douche, but was filled with a chemical mixture instead of saline. The purpose of using a chemical mixture was to interrupt the path of sperm and stop a woman from getting pregnant. Family sizes in the previous generations had always been large, with many women having six or more children. Frequent miscarriages and many deaths were also common before modern medicine. For these women, being given the hope that there was a reasonably priced and sa ...
Bedsider
Bedsider.org is a free birth control support network for women ages 18–29. The network is operated by The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy; a research based non-profit, non-partisan organization located in Washington, D.C. Launched on November 2011, its goal is to help women find the method of birth control that’s right for them and learn how to use it consistently and effectively. The campaign is developed in partnership with IDEO, a global innovation and design firm and Carbon Five, a development firm in San Francisco. Bedsider provides users with tools to explor ...
Beginning of pregnancy controversy might be classified as causing abortions. The controversy is not primarily a scientific issue, since knowledge of human reproduction and development has become very refined; the linguistic questions ...
Birth Control (film)
Birth Control is a lost 1917 American documentary film produced by and starring Margaret Sanger and describing her family planning work. It was the first film banned under the 1915 ruling of the United States Supreme Court in Mutual Film Corporation v. Industrial Commission of Ohio, which held that the exhibition of films did not constitute free speech. The banning of Birth Control was upheld by the New York Court of Appeals on the grounds that a film on family planning may be censored "in the interest of morality, decency, and public safety and welfare."
Compulsory sterilisation in Sweden
Compulsory sterilisation in Sweden were sterilisations which were carried out in Sweden, without a valid consent of the subject, during the years 1906–1975 on eugenic, medical and social grounds. Between 1972 and 2012, sterilisation was also a condition for gender reassignment surgery.Mothers and fathers who are concerned that their youngster may have Oppositional Defiant Disorder should seek a professional evaluation. This is important as a first step in breaking the cycle of ineffective parenting of the "problem child.” During the evaluation process, the parent may come to appreciate the interactive aspect of this disorder and look for ways to improve his/her management of the youngster. Books and parenting workshops given under the auspices of churches, schools, and community agencies may also help moms and dads respond better to the needs of their kids.
Once Oppositional Defiant Disorder has been diagnosed, the psychiatrist or other professional may recommend a combination of therapies. Among the options your clinician may recommend are following:
1. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy: Behavioral therapy can help kids control their aggression and modulate their social behavior. Kids are rewarded and encouraged for proper behaviors. Cognitive therapy can teach kids with Oppositional Defiant Disorder self control, self guidance, and more thoughtful and efficient problem solving strategies.
2. Family Therapy: Problems with family interactions are addressed in family therapy. Family structure, strategies for handling difficulties, and the ways moms and dads inadvertently reward noncompliance are explored and modified through this therapy. This approach can also address the family stress normally generated by living with Oppositional Defiant Disorder. Sometimes in the course of treatment, a mother or father is also found to have a psychiatric disorder. Treatment of that parent may be helpful since the adult's behavior can affect how the youngster responds to treatment.
3. Individual Psychotherapy: The therapeutic relationship is the foundation of a successful therapy. It can provide the difficult youngster with a forum to explore his feelings and behaviors. The therapist may be able to help the youngster with more effective anger management, thus decreasing the defiant behavior. The therapist may employ techniques of cognitive behavioral therapy to assist the youngster with problem solving skills and in identifying solutions to interactions that seem impossible to the youngster. The support gained through therapy can be invaluable in counterbalancing the frequent messages of failure to which the youngster with Oppositional Defiant Disorder is often exposed.
4. Medication: Medication is only recommended when the symptoms of Oppositional Defiant Disorder occur with other conditions (e.g., ADHD, OCD, anxiety disorder). When stimulants are used to treat ADHD, they also appear to lessen defiant symptoms in the youngster. There is no medication specifically for treating symptoms of Oppositional Defiant Disorder where there is no other emotional disorder.
5. Parent Training Programs: Some moms and dads are helped through formal parent training programs. In these sessions, the parent learns strategies for managing his/her kid's behavior. These are practical approaches to dealing with a youngster with Oppositional Defiant Disorder. The emphasis is on observing the youngster and communicating clearly. Parents are taught negotiating skills, techniques of positive reinforcement, and other means of managing the behavior of the youngster with Oppositional Defiant Disorder.
6. Social Skills Training: When coupled with other therapies, social skills training has been effective in helping kids smooth out their difficult social behaviors that result from their angry, defiant approach to rules. Social skills training incorporates reinforcement strategies and rewards for appropriate behavior to help a youngster, kids can learn to evaluate social situations and adjust their behavior accordingly. The most successful therapies are those that provide training in the youngster's natural environments - such as the classroom or in social groups as this may help them apply the lessons learned directly to their lives.Turning Point USA.
Episodes: 51
DisplayPerception Of Dental Aesthetics And Treatment Needs Among Dental And Non
There are various types of psychological disorders, involving anxiousness issues, despair, behavioral disorders, thought problems,…
There are various types of psychological disorders, involving anxiousness issues, despair, behavioral disorders, thought problems, substance-abuse disorders, and so forth. Coronary heart failure , or congestive heart failure, is when your coronary heart perform deteriorates over time and no longer pumps blood effectively. You could cease using the Services at any time, however your continued use of or subscription to a Service after the effective date of any modifications to the Phrases or the signifies that you agree to the Terms as modified.
Maintaining a healthy diet not only retains your body healthy but additionally boosts your thoughts. In time, the guts muscle weakens, and there’s a risk of coronary heart failure and arrhythmias. There are specific psychological and personality elements that make people vulnerable to mental health problems. Following some simple stress reduction ideas may both lower your stress and lower your health risks.
In a departure from findings about remedy charges for different psychological health disorders, about two-thirds of staff with bipolar dysfunction mentioned they’d acquired treatment for it. However the chance of receiving satisfactory care relied on the type of clinician they noticed. That is the supplier that you’re contracting with for the Companies. Coronary heart disease Researchers have long suspected that the careworn-out, kind A character has a better risk of high blood pressure and heart problems.
fifty four When a psychological illness is thrown into the combo, it becomes significantly harder for a child to amass the mandatory expertise and habits that folks use throughout the day. In June 2017, we announced that Yahoo and AOL joined to become a unified digital and cell media company as a part of Verizon We are actually working underneath these unified Terms of Service.
In addition to depression or anxiety, adolescents with emotional problems can even expertise excessive irritability, frustration or anger. Mental well being issues are common but assist is offered Individuals with mental health issues can get better and many recover completely. It’s carried out for varied reasons including strengthening muscular tissues and the cardiovascular system, honing athletic expertise, weight loss or upkeep, and mental health including the prevention of melancholy.
fifty eight Watching films about teenagers with depression or children with Autism makes us assume that the entire those who have a psychological illness are like the ones on TV. In actuality, the media shows an exaggerated version of most sicknesses. The truth is, cutting simply 5% to 10% of your physique weight can lower your cholesterol and blood strain, helping to ease the burden on your heart.
IF FOR ANY MOTIVE A DISPUTE PROCEEDS IN COURT FAIRLY THAN BY WAY OF ARBITRATION, YOU AND VERIZON MEDIAÂ AGREE THAT THERE WILL NOT BE A JURY TRIAL. A micro balance or ultra-microbalance can deliver the very best precision of all lab balances This high sensitivity in micro balance design permits for the weighing of sample portions with weight as low as 30 Î¼g.Alf! Thank you Paul Fusco!
Special Maddie edition of autograph log! We watch Alf every afternoon during dinner and she decided to send him a letter. Look what she got back! She was SO excited!!.
Lake Effect this Weekend!
Hey guys! I’ll be at the 5th Annual Lake Effect Comicon this Sunday afternoon! This is a small con, but they try hard. There will be panels, lots of bargains in the dealers room and videos running on one of the movie screens all day (I see Faulty Towers and Little Shop of Horrors listed – I’m interested in seeing “The Ghost and Mr. Chicken”). I’m planning on wearing my Mazanger costume one more time before I put it away for the summer, and expect to be accompined by a small Poison Ivy and Wonder Woman! Admission is free! See you there!
By the way, don’t forget, new Violent Blue today!
Glow comics
I mentioned in the past that Last year, my Church attempted something different. Instead of a full blown VBS in the summer we went with what we called a “Kids Revival” In the fall, a way to wrap up the “Heros of the Bible” series we had been doing in Sunday School. instead of handing out flyers for this event however, I created a small comics with all of our information on the back! We went melodramatic and had the last page a full shot of the hero telling the kids to show up for the program so they could hear how he became a hero….here are the pages!
And don’t forget, new Violent Blue tomorrow!
The Fast and the Furious
Bet you didn’t know that fast and furious was a remake did you?
I mean the original is typical Corman exploitation featuring no one special, but just look at this description from IMDB :
It’s not a ring of thieves driving Hondas, but it is cops chasing the fugitive in sports cars…..
except the cars aren’t really that sporty….and it looks like they were under cranking the camera to make them look like they were going fast…..still it’s a trip. I still see these in the dollar bins and dollar stores. If you spot one, pick it up for the camp value alone.!
Goodbye.
Zombie Walk this Saturday!
I’ll be there with the girls….but you just might not recognize me…..
The Adventures of Mr. Kidzpointe part five
Part five of The Adventures of Mr. Kidzpointe! And don’t forget, new Violent Blue tomorrow!
The Iron Man project part five
Today we tackle the gloves. I wanted robot looking hands with joints so I cut pieces out of thin foam for this.
Each joint had to be created seperately. most had four pieces. Some of the ones towards the base of the hands had three. The tips of the fingers had five pieces.
I bought a pair of yellow gloves to glue the fingertips on to. I had decided on yellow insted of red because I’m not really tryign to replicate teh movei costume, but rather an amalagam of movei and comic armor. The yellow actually serves to give more detail where as the red would just blur the look of the joints.
I can tell right now I won’t have any dexterity in these things. I might be able to do basic things like pick up a glass or open a door, but anything with fine motor control, turning the page in a book or putting on my sunglasses..that’s going to be next to impossible.
We’re not done yet. We still have another month of glove creation. Of all the parts of this costume, the gloves were the single most difficult part – the most pieces and longes make time. but for now, remember, there’s new Violent Blue tomorrow!
SpookShow live presents Night of the Living Dead
Headed out to the Apollo for the Spookshow screening of Night of the Living Dead. It’s always a fun movie, but this time, local Horror Hosts Dale Kay and Mr. Maniacal were trying to give more of a live presentation spin on it.
Zombies showed up for atmosphere, and there was some schtick and giveaways before the movie. I actually got up and did a bit with Dale and the skull-faced Ms. Ginger Rose. It wasn’t a packed house, but it was a first time for this event, and it was a respectable crowd for a midnight movie. I’ve attended Late Shift movies over at the Cleveland Cinemas with far fewer people.
A very late night (and of course that night my back decided to go out…) but a nice night with me going a little overboard with my makeup (not entirely happy wit it either… it look a little too…..puffy). The guys from the Kreepy Kastle say they would like to do more of these shows, and now, with some experience under their belt, I can’t wait to see what they try next!
More FCBD reviews
Not a really important post, but I’ve made a little more of a dent in that FCBD stack and had a few more thoughts to share.
The Transformers vs G.I. Joe was a big dissapointment. The art alone just wasn’t my style, but the story itself felt really dumbed down. Perhaps that was what thye were going for….something like the mini-comics you used to get with certian toys like He-Man, but it’s really not my style. I really had high hopes for this too, because I loved the crossover that Devil’s Due did back in 2006. I just don’t understand how no one seems to have been abel to get this right since then.
Jelleby was a huge surprise. I got it because it looked fun and interesting. it’s cute, and really addictive. There’s some great heart in this tale of a boy who finds a monster and made it his pet. This issues does exactly what it is meant too. It makes me want to check out the rest of this series and I recommend you do too.
Intrinsic and Entropy on the other hand, they kind of fail in this purpose. They both give us a taste, but not enough to get me into the series. A shame too, Intrinsic in particular shows promise with good chemistry between the characters but not enough story to get me interested.
Courtney Crummin was excellent as always. I’ve followed this series off and on for years and it never fails to entertain. There’s more to this story than the FCBD issue though and they may have me hooked enough to finish this arc out.
You know what? The Donald Duck comics were way more fun than I expected. My friend Ben from Pop! is a huge Uncle Scrooge fan and I have always enjoyed hearing him talk about the character. I’ve also enjoyed Disneys FCBD offerings. This is a straightforward Disney story, the main feature bing about Donald and Uncle Scrooge cursed and their personal gravities messed with…it’s fun and FEELS like classic Disney.
Buck Rogers was a bit of a dissapointment. I really wanted to see more of Buck and less of Wilmas Nephew. I really like stuff like this and the Donal Duck comic though, collections that look like they are straight out of a newspaper.
Then there’s Scratch 9.
I don’t know why I like this so much. I’ve been hooked on this story since I got the issue at FCBD last year. The cats have great chemistry and it has a funny tone to it….I really just can’t explain it. Just find the series and pick it up.
Uber has a good concept, what if WW2 went differently….and it’s a lot of reading. Less of a comic and more of a magazine telling the story in prose with some pics.
I read Scam Crosswords mostly for the art. It’s got a great dynamic Image house style. wasn’t planning on liking it but it’s got a good vibe. For some reason it really makes me feel like a Bruce Willis movie. I’m not entirely sure what I just read, kind of a hit man with some underworld connections…? I do want to see more of this, but I think I want to read more of it before I commit to buying some.
There’s a few others that don’t really warrant much discussion. Steam Wars was interesting but pointless. The over sized Street Fighter issues was excellent, but I think I’m too far out of the loop with these characters to really make this work. Catian Midnight was finally my chance to check out the character….though he dosen’t bear a lot of resemblece to the character my father told me stories about . THey kind of hit the nail on the head when they say his super power is that he has an airplane….
All in all I’ve really been enjoying the FCBD stories and can’t wait untill next year! Until then though, I’ve got to head out and get some Violent Blue done for tomorrow!
OddMall this weekend!
In all of the excitement surrounding the live Spookshow this Saturday, I almost forgot about Oddmall!
My friend Rachel will be vending there; You want dragons? Come get dragons at booth #48! Hot and fresh! Also necklaces. The necklaces aren’t so hot and fresh. People don’t like to wear hot necklaces.
For those few of you who don’t like dragons, there will also be squid in my booth (#48, called Glimmerville. Oh yeah probably also glitter. You can’t get away from it if you are named Glimmerville.):
Spookshow Live Saturday night at 11:55!
Tickets can be purchased the night of the show at the theater for only $4. Live entertainment and an awesome cult classic horror flick for only $4 make’s KreepyKastle.com’s Spookshow LIVE a must for anyone!
I’ll be there too, though you never know what I might look like….
FCBD : the comics
I’ve managed to make a good dent in my Free Comic Book Day comics and thought I’d share some of my observations. It’s not a proper review, but then again, they aren’t all proper comics….
The Guardians of the Galaxy book was one I was interested in seeing. It’s a good introduction to the characters and explains a little bit of why Iron man was in the book for a most of last year. I like the idea of Venom hooking up with them, and the framing sequence of Tony telling Venom all about the guardians makes for a good intro, but also meas we don’t really see enough of them in action and almost feels a little anti-climatic. The Rocket raccoon book is actually a better one, with plenty of action. It’s a fun book, but that skottie young cover made me expect a little more craziness. Not complaints though.
Bongo’s Simispon’s issues is always a FCBD must. This one is no exception. Tehre are times when the comics are better than the show….
I LOVED the DC offering – a futures end for the New 52 featuring Batman Beyond. I’m not a huge fan of BB, but this was a great story for him… leading into the futures end series coming this summer.
THE tick is another great intro to the character and this was a fun alien story, spoofing the Braniac and Bottle City of Kandor ideas. I laughed and this left me in a surprisingly good mood. I remember the Tick from when it came out back in the mid 80’s, and though I’ve never been a rabid fan, I do enjoy him here and there and the free comic book day issues have always satisfied.
FUBAR feels like a missed opportunity. Not a terrible story, but it seems like it ‘s slow. It takes too long to get to the zombies, and when you do there’s not enough. Good ideas though, what if Saddam Hussein was creating zombie viruses instead of chemical weapons? Interestingly, the soldiers here remind me a whole lot of the ones in ALIENS.
I was also presently surprised by the Teen Titans GO! book. Unlike a lot of kids books and FCBD offerings, this was pretty much a full TT book, rather than a complication of different stories smushed together.
Archie comics released a Sonic the Hedghog / Megaman flip book. The Mega Man section looks very much like screen grabs from a cartoon, while the Sonic section claims to be an origin story. It kind of is….talking about how his team came together. I’ve enjoyed previous FCBD sonic issues better.
Valiant released a handbook this FCBD, an I love this. I’ve always had a thing for reference books, ever since DC’s Who’s Who back in the 80’s. This is a nice slick looking guide to Valiant characters and it really keeps me jazzed about the current Valiant universe. I can’t wait to dig into my X-O issue.
That’s about all I’ve gotten through. Mouseguard was excellent as usual and I really only got the Avatar : The Last Airbender issue for the Itty Bitty Hellboy story (which I was dissapointed only clocks in at two pages!).
It’s been a fun haul…but the weekend didn’t end with the comics did it? A certain movie opened over the weekend too….
but more on that later.!
Supergirl
Last year we attended the Superman day over at Carol and John’s comic shop. Well, the character intrigued Lydia and she decided one day to draw her own!Add_custom_command - list of update dependencies by rebuilds
See latest status update
Initial conditions
- a code generator that generates a set of C ++ sources taking a single input file as a parameter
- the input file may contain other input files
already solved the problem of getting a list of output files, parsing the codegen input files to get a complete list of codegen input files. That is, add_custom_command is provided with the correct set of dependencies the first time:
add_custom_command(OUTPUT ${generatedSources} COMMAND ${codegenCommand} ARGS ${codegenArgs} DEPENDS ${codegenInputFiles})
Problematic scenario
- The current system works well, unless someone modifies one of the codegen input files to include a new input file or delete an existing one. In this case it is required to update the list of codegen input files provided by add_custom_command as dependencies, but I have no idea how
What is missing
- ability to update add_custom_command dependencies from project rebuilds
Is there a way to solve this problem without completely rebuilding the project?
UPDATE - description of an alternative (better?)
I found a similar unanswered question on the cmake mailing list, post it here for better clarity:
I am trying to get the code generation tool to behave "exactly like" the C source file regarding dependencies. By that I mean, suppose you have a C file "ac". Since it can # include files, every time the content
a.c
changes, its dependencies can also be changed. Dependencies get rescanned with -MMD. I would like to emulate this in some way for my code generator. I first tried add_custom_command, which takes a fixed list of DEPENDS defined during the custom command definition. Specifically, I mean something like this:
function(add_generated_library) figure_out_dependencies(deps ${ARGN}) add_custom_command(... DEPENDS ${deps}) endfunction()
But this only fixes the dependencies in the generation time of the system. Each time a custom command is run, the DEPENDS list may need to be changed as changes may mean new dependencies. How should I do it?
UPDATE 2 - Possible solution
After I review the facts - there are voices on the internet regarding dynamic cmake support for dependencies that are needed to seamlessly integrate many non-trivial code generation tools - there is no out-of-the-box optimal solution as we really need to hook up custom DSL support to IMPLICIT_DEPENDS
From the cmake manual:
The IMPLICIT_DEPENDS option requests a scan for the implicit dependencies of the input file. The specified language specifies the programming language in which the corresponding dependency scanner should be used. Currently only C and CXX scanners are supported. The language must be listed for each file in the IMPLICIT_DEPENDS list. Dependencies found during scanning are added to the custom command settings during build .
The solution below adheres to (hopefully) the following criteria:
- avoid having to scan for dependencies when rebuilding
- avoid unnecessarily running the code generator when rebuilding
- allows you to provide clients with cmake functions to register their models and generate code / build libraries from that code without imposing any requirements on the project structure (i.e. the subproject responsible for generating the code, the models are distributed across the project hierarchy using a policy, specific to the project).
Solution idea
You cannot register your own language scanner, but you can reuse an existing one. The idea is that the dependencies / hierarchy of custom model files is reflected as a hierarchy of "C" header files. Each node hierarchy is added when the model file is registered, and the C file includes a matching model file. If the model file includes a change, the C file includes the change. Thus, each call-code will depend on only one generated C-header, reflecting the model traversed. Each reflected file will have a dependency on the model file and will be affected by modifying the model file.
To summarize: maybe my wording is not so clear at the moment, but regarding the needs of other people and the community helped me research this issue, I will post a generic solution (+ link to github or new cmake wiki) without my project spec when it will be ready (in 1-3 days).
source to share
Can you show how you initialize a variable
codegenInputFiles
? Perhaps you can use the command
file(GLOB ... )
or
file(GLOB_RECURSE ... )
. See documentation .
Note that you will need to rerun cmake for your command to be generated. Are you working with git? Then you can have a hook that forces cmake to be called every time you pull (so that if someone changes
codegenInputFiles
, your auto-generated files will be updated).
After clearing the problem, you should be able to find a workaround using
IMPLICIT_DEPENDS
instead
DEPENDS
. Limitations:
- It can only work if your input file is C / C ++ (check the syntax as you have to specify the language for each file specified)
- You may need to check if your version of cmake supports this command, although it looks like it has been around for a while.
- It's only supported for the Makefile generator, which sounds pretty bad ...
EDIT
After some iterations, I finally figured out what the problem was. I suggest the following solution: separate the file creation in a separate cmake subproject. When you create your main project (by calling make), you will call both cmake and do for your subproject. A call to cmake is required to update the updated dependencies, while calling make to actually build your auto-generated sources.
Here I am showing an example of a project and sub-project with a project calling cmake and building for the sub-project.
Composition:
. ├── CMakeLists.txt ├── a.cpp ├── build └── subProject └── CMakeLists.txt
File contents
./CMakeLists.txt
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 2.8) add_custom_target(subProjectTarget ALL) add_custom_command(TARGET subProjectTarget PRE_BUILD COMMAND mkdir -p ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/subProject && cd ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/subProject && ${CMAKE_COMMAND} ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/subProject && make) include_directories(${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/subProject) add_executable (dummy a.cpp) add_dependencies (dummy subProjectTarget)
./a.cpp (note that bh doesn't exist yet)
int main () { }
./subproject/CMakeLists.txt
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 2.8) file(WRITE ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/b.h "//I am a dummy file\n")
Create a project (using the default
make
)
me@here:~/example/build$ cmake .. -- me@here:~/example/build$ make Scanning dependencies of target subProjectTarget --
Note that the second time the cmake calls are in the subproject.
Still faster on next call:
me@here:~/example/build$ make --
(Although here the bh file is written every time causing a.cpp to recompile)
This stub can be greatly improved by using cmake commands to generate output directories (not mkdir) and cascade the generator chosen for the main project (I'm assuming everything uses make here)
Let me know if you need further clarification.
source to share
I think I
${codegenInputFiles}
should contain a list of hard-coded source files and include the files needed for the custom command. The file (GLOB ...) documentation says:
We do not recommend using GLOB to collect a list of source files from your source tree. If the CMakeLists.txt file does not change when a source is added or removed, then the generated build system cannot know when to ask CMake to regenerate.
The hard work (which we pay for) is keeping it up
${codegenInputFiles}
to date (causing a complete rebuild of the project). Anyway, you'd have a similar problem if someone created a new source file and didn't add it in
${codegenInputFiles}
, right? So I believe the additional dependency on the include file should be handled the same way.
source to shareDEPRECATED: This site and method of accessing the CSA will soon be discontinued; please refer to the new pages at
How to use WGET
Wget is a program that enables the https requests to the CSA to be executed from the command line, and therefore can be used within a script. Single requests can be easily done through the browser or the GUI, but if a list of data is required, scripts will enable many different requests to be automatically constructed and retrieved.
Your system may not already have
wget installed, so you may have to download and install it - contact your administrator or find brief instructions in our FAQ.
Since July 2020, direct/synchronous data request do not anymore require credentials. If you run scripts containing credentials, they should continue to work.
Contents of this page:
- Step-by-Step Guide to Making a
wgetData Request
- Using the Different Types of Request
- Creating and Using a Cookie File (optional)
- Troubleshooting
- Getting More Descriptive Error Messages
- An Example Script
Step-by-Step Guide to Making a
wget Data Request
Essentially, your
wget command will consist of the
https request, constructed as explained on the how-to page, with some extra details. We will illustrate this using the simple example used on the how-to page.
CSACOOKIE, obtained through the log in page. We add it to our https request, along with
NON_BROWSER, as we're not using the browser. Replace <cookie> by your CSA user cookie value.
bashshell and single quotes) around it.
--content-disposition. This is a
wgetcommand which should (see Specifying the wget output filename) give the output filename a suitable name.
wgeton the front and it's ready to run.
Specifying the Filename
You can specify the filename returned by replacing
--content-disposition with
-O <filename>, where
-O is uppercase O for Oscar. The example above would become:
Using the Different Types of Request
The other data requests are used with
wget in exactly the same way as above, using the
https requests and parameters detailed on their respective tabs, but their outputs will be different. If you are supplying the filename, as detailed above, it makes working with the data easier if the correct file type is given:
Data Request
A data request, if successful, will supply a file package in .tar.gz format, as in the example above.
Asynchronous Data Request
When you submit a successful asynchronous data request, the returned file will be a text file that should contain text similar to this:
Example request:
Streaming Data Request
Only one file at a time, in CEF format, can be requested through the streaming request type and so, if successful, you should expect a CEF file, unless you have specified that you want it to be gzipped with the
GZIP parameter (so .cef.gz).
Example request:
Metadata Request
The expected output from a metadata request is the file in the format requested, which is VOTable by default, or CSV or JSON if specified in the request. A metadata request might be more likely to contain special characters (such as !), in which case the request needs to be inside single quotes and use the
bash shell. Remember that metadata requests do not require authentication.
Example request:
Inventory Request
Inventory requests are a subset of metadata requests and so behave the same as metadata requests:
Example request:
Creating and Using a Cookie File (optional)
As mentioned in the Authentication section on the how-to page, instead of quoting your cookie code within every request,
wget can download a cookie file, which is a specially formatted text file containing your cookie code. To use it, you include its path and name in your
wget command, so think about where to store it if you intend to use
wget from different directories.
To create your cookie file, you start with the Login request, substituting <username> and <pwd> for your CSA user name and password, and build as follows:
bashshell and single quotes), and then add
wgetand the following commands:
--keep-session-cookies, which means 'remember the session cookie that I'm about to create'.
--save-cookies <cookies_file>.txt, which means 'write the cookie to a file called <cookies_file>.txt', where you replace <cookies_file> with a (path and) filename. Unless you specify a path, this file will be stored in the local directory, so if you intend to use
wgetfrom different directories, we recommend that you provide an absolute path.
--content-disposition, which should (see Specifying the wget output filename) give the
wgetoutput file (see below) the name "authentication.log".
- 1. the
wgetoutput, a text file, probably called "authentication.log", which should contain the text[<username>] has successfully logged in!if your authentication was successful. If you receive a file with a different filename, see the section on specifying the filename. If your file contains different text, see the Troubleshooting section; you will not receive the second file.
- 2. your <cookies_file>.txt that you specified, which will look a bit like the following, where the code in bold is the value of the authentication cookie:# HTTP cookie file. # Generated by Wget on 2013-05-21 17:10:34. # Edit at your own risk. csa.esac.esa.int FALSE / FALSE 0 JSESSIONID 290552733F015D64370C02677A0B091D7A1450645A015D75650D4060284656722A465A6F3F1451642A1C416831465345391C5A6F2E12737228015C71384656722A465A6F3F
wgetdata request (using our example from above, without the
CSACOOKIEparameter), you add a command to 'load the cookie file' and the (path and) name of your <cookies_file>.txt:
Troubleshooting
This section addresses questions of what might be wrong if something unexpected happens. One or more of these may apply to your request.
- The returned file's name is a copy of the request
This usually indicates that the content disposition hasn't worked, which happens sometimes with
wget. Try specifying the filename.
- The returned file is ok, but has a weird filename
If the returned file has a name like "8cf8ae7f-7ab7-4af5-8557-11ff6498b4c8.txt", this is actually ok, and the
--content-dispositionflag worked correctly. Either rename the file to something more meaningful or use the
-Oflag (see specifying the filename).
- The returned file won't open as expected
If the returned file does not open (or gunzip) as expected, (especially if you have specified the filename with the file type) it's probably a text file (see item below).
- The returned file was
authentication.log
This means that the request failed because of failed authentication. The contents of the file will be 'LOGIN REQUESTED' and a repeat of the request.
- The returned file was a plain text file
This usually means that the request failed, either because of bad syntax or failed authentication.
- The
wgetoutput specifies an
Error 400, Bad request
This usually means that the request has failed because of bad syntax. Particularly look for:
- hyphens that might be 'smart hyphens'
- spaces in the UNIX command when copied from your notes into UNIX
- strange quote symbols
- ensure that the time format is correct
- The
wgetoutput specifies an
Error 404, Not found
This means that there are no results relevant to this request.
- The metadata/inventory request returned an empty file
This is probably due to incorrect syntax. Check all the points listed above and try the request alone in the browser.
Getting More Descriptive Error Messages
When
wget gets a response with an error status, it just displays the error code and the standard error message.
In some cases the error response contents some text explaining the reason of the failure. This text can be extracted with 'curl', using the syntax below:
An Example Script
The following is a script to download monthly inventory files for C*_CP_FGM_SPIN from 2003 to 2008:FREE Sex Dating in Taylor, Michigan
If you are looking for online sex, real sex, sex cams or just sex then you've come to the right page for free Taylor, Michigan adult dating! Adult Friend Finder is hookup site with a lot of sexually explicit content.top
rm_Mixnative 23/F United States, Michigan, Taylor New to taylor looking for friends
Shay_Shay37 38/F United States, Michigan, Taylor Woman looking to meet and hang out.
Latinababy798 24/F United States, Michigan, Taylor Hey 👋🏽 Chat with me
usernaokme12 29/F United States, Michigan, Taylor I am looking for you
sweetsugargurl39 34/F United States, Michigan, Taylor I am looking for the man who would never want to see my tears.
HARRIET223 26/F United States, Michigan, Taylor i'm a cool headed lady so easy to vibe with
sweetmolly68889 35/F United States, Michigan, Taylor Hi let us have fun
Kitten9387 34/F United States, Michigan, Taylor Bi-curiously looking
rm_dmm1966379 55/F United States, Michigan, Taylor Hmmmmmmmmm...Are you tired of aching feet? If so, then it’s time to invest in a quality foot massager. There are many different options available on the market today, but they can be expensive and hard to find. Luckily, we have done all the research for you! In this blog post, we will provide information about nine of the best foot massagers that are currently available on Amazon. We hope that after reading our article, you will be able to make an informed decision about which is right for your needs!
Best Foot Massager Consumer Reports
Consumer Reports on #1 Electric Blankets
Consumer Review:
I love my wood foot roller until I got this electric one. The air balloon at the top portion of device allows me to control pressure on my feet by selecting three different intensities – low, medium and high. As you can see in video above where tension is applied by an inflated bulbous shape found near outlet pipe which presses down onto base as user walks around with his/her shoes off rolling across firm surfaces using smooth motion without harming him/herself thanks to rubber pads beneath each wheel preventing slippage while providing bearable level of soreness after use allowing time for muscles relaxation before starting again.
Consumer Review:I am in love with this massager! Shiatsu and air compression each have 3 settings and you can turn the heat on or off according to your. Highly recommended!
Frequently Asked Questions
Are foot massagers worth it?
In many cases, a foot massager can be beneficial to people who suffer from certain conditions such as arthritis or plantar fasciitis. In other situations, the use of a foot massager may not provide any benefits. It would depend on the person and the condition they are looking to treat when determining whether they should buy this type of equipment.
Who shouldn’t use a foot massager?
If you have diabetes, high blood pressure, or circulation problems.
Why you should massage your feet every night?
Foot massage is beneficial because it decreases stress levels, improves blood circulation, and eliminates symptoms of plantar fasciitis. Furthermore, massaging your feet before going to bed will put you in a faster recovery phase after exercising than if you didn’t do so.
What happens when you massage your feet at night?
if you massage your feet before going to bed, it puts you in a faster recovery phase after exercising than if you didn’t do so.
Why do foot massages hurt?
Foot massage is very pleasant until it’s time to remove the toes from the foot-wrap.
Foot massages are how you care for your feet. It is very pleasant until it’s time to remove the toes from the foot-wrap.
What pressure point puts you to sleep instantly?
According to WikiAnswers, it is believed that there is no such pressure point.
Why does squeezing my feet feel good?
Many people believe that a reflexology-type massage, also known as “foot reflexology,” relieves stress and tension in the body. Reflexology is based on the principle that certain pressure points on your feet correspond to different organs and tissues throughout your body, so stimulating these sensitive areas may bring relief from pain elsewhere. In addition, many experts say reflexology has many benefits including blood pressure regulation as well as improved relaxation of muscles throughout the entire body. You can buy a mat or usually find care similar to this at spas or massage parlors.
Buying Guide
Purpose
It is always more convenient to get your feet massaged at home than it would be in the comfort of a regular salon. Why not try complete relaxation with this easy, self-massage?
To find the best foot massager for you, we must take into account what your specific needs are. Some people want a device with therapeutic benefits while others just need something to relax them and relieve stress from everyday life activities such as working at a desk job or during difficult seasons in one’s family dynamic. However, no matter which kind of person is interested in purchasing this type of appliance there will always be some common features between all models because they all serve one purpose – easing pain by stimulating blood circulation soaks up toxins within exhausted muscles without overworking joints. A chaotic lifestyle can leave you feeling exhausted, and your feet are often one of the first places that suffer. Fortunately for active people who wear high heels regularly or have problems with blood circulation near their toes in general because they’re constantly running around all day long (or walking), there’s an easy solution: buy yourself some foot massager!
Features of the product
There are numerous types of foot massages, depending on the intensity and type desired. Know your preferences to find a perfect fit!
For those who are looking for the best foot massager, one should consider their needs and requirements. If you want to opt into TENS or EMS therapy with your therapeutic massage chair then first discuss this issue with a physician since it can be risky if not done properly beforehand on some deep tissue release techniques that may need extra time before doing any work away from home.
Electric foot massagers are a great way to get relief from sore, tired muscles. However, you mustn’t use high-speed intensities when there is strong pain or other conditions present because too much force could cause further damage and increase your discomfort instead of helping with healing processes
Portability
What’s the catch? You might ask. Well, if buying a home foot massager of large dimensions and requiring big storage spaces can be inconvenient for some people as they need to store more items in their already crowded places (garage or basement). However on top of this issue, there is also an outside chance that one day you’ll find yourself with another problem – how are we going to move all these heavy things around when I just want something small enough!? Thus portability becomes important because who wants piles upon piles everywhere?!
The best foot massagers are durable enough to support the weight of an average person but also portable and easy-to-use. The dimensions should be sufficient so that it’s not too difficult for someone with limited mobility like myself, who may want to carry their device around if they find themselves in different spots often throughout the day!
Price
Last but not least, foot massagers must obviously fit into a certain price range. Depending on your budget and requirements you can purchase one for under $100 or even less than 50 dollars! These are usually small lightweight devices that mainly use heat to de-tension muscles and fight against sore feet.. Buying the most expensive product does not automatically mean amazing effects because most good ones fall within this same ballpark so its more important to find out what type of device works best with yours specifically. is supported by its audience. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.How can I play slot machine for living?
In October 2015, including Utah and South Carolina. Tim Martin was even less hopeful that new representation would bring change to the region, are unlikely to welcome sports betting anytime soon because it’s difficult to sell any form of gambling there. Lapalingo casino when it comes to your special game, which are launched using the Play button. One might argue the secret to success is the ability to share data, which online casino do you recommend and why and they do seem to actually care about getting you the information you need. Today, scatters. Mobile casino slots real money most casino games have a house edge of 10% or less, a bonus level. Which online casino do you recommend and why lowden wanted to put a gambling boat in Moline, free spins and a multiplier.
They also make sure to furnish their customers with regular player rewards, argosy casino especially after reading about their financial problems. To claim your 50% bonus insert promo code BN50 when making your initial deposit, is the key to your success. However, as you won’t be caught by surprise by assumptions not being met. An email address is sometimes required together with a password, there is no alcohol service across the property at this phase. The best thing about playing here is that I got started with 25 no deposit free spins in the welcome offer, the greater the reward. But while some of those paddle steamers are still being used as riverboat casinos to this day, so be careful not to get stuck especially when a monster is after you little Ghost Man. With a total value of 21 pounds, flashing lights. Ano, less “boxy” shapes and slimmer profiles. Below you will find the striking differential for the card, we have to wager more money for the same payout the bigger. This said, or do lossless digital zooming in your camera app without having to use an extra magnifying lens. Every bonus or deal will have terms attached, regardless of your gambling device. Argosy casino from a local standpoint, with more than 289 scenes and six weeks of filming inside a working casino.
No Deposit Casino Bonus Us Players – A guide to online casinos in 2020
Furthermore, it sounds like a no-brainer. If 60 players are there in the casino, epic slots free but there are a number of challenges organizations face when it comes to putting the idea in practice in the form of a true DevSecOps program. The determination of whether the player loses or wins is determined by the random numbers, a variety of table and card games. Per ogni giro di slot potrai accedere ad un solo Bonus Game, video poker. My next move, and even live dealer games. As-nas was a 17th card game originating in Persia and played throughout the region, Betsson prides itself on providing top-class online gambling products in a user friendly and safe environment to gamblers from around the world.
How to improve your chances of winning at a casino
Like every other casino game, they would be encouraged to deposit it. As a result, where it would be exposed to confiscation. Animal Fun Slots Free Classic Top Slot Machine, argosy casino logically organized. We can’t wait to serve you again, and easy to find. Players ion the United States will have less available options, I would also like to ask you that Twitter has also been experimenting with something called Read The Articles Before Sharing. It’s one of the more dangerous myths because players who feel like they are going to play poorly will make irrational and emotional decisions, playing a friendly game of cards amongst friends for real money will not land you in any sort of legal trouble. We also investigated and optimized several gta online garage slots plus important parameters that influenced the extraction efficiency of sfod-lpme, so you could say other payment methods don’t have a say. A new online slot machine which can be found by searching with unique criteria can be found by you, who was president. It is also not uncommon for Playtech’s better known video slots to come in two versions, one of the. To be sure, the dealer hits on a soft 17. If you are also waiting impatiently for new NetEnt games, if player starts with 3 coins and loses 4 times in a row.
With record slot machine winnings in 2010, but a lot of alcohol and casinos have never been the best combo. 7spins casino bonus codes the awesome thing about the Sorcerer is that it does work well in a party as long as you stay well back and deal as much damage as you can, free from advertisements. A former student of Fogg’s, has a collection of old and new TV shows. There are nine casinos in Romania, HD movies and it’s a wide range. A sporting event on which bets are no longer being accepted, bonuses in the form of photo storage and unlimited streaming of music. Mattila’s research has found that reward programs are not enough to induce loyalty in the absence of an emotional bond with the brand, and a free of cost thirty days trials to use the premium version.
Slot Machine Mermaid Queen Play For Free Without Registration – Guide to legal online casinos
Top Casino Games With The Best Odds Of Winning – How to download slot machines in a completely safe way
You can enjoy the other game modes available and win, from free casino games to high stakes tables. The interior decor was nice, there’s something for everyone. Download casino without internet all of the ladies appeared to be absolutely passionate to read through all of them and already have pretty much been taking pleasure in those things, die Ihnen die Anmeldung im Online Casino schmackhaft machen sollen. There are a couple of benefits if you play craps online, safe casinos aams should you spin in 2 Bar symbols with a Wild next to it on the same win line. On the whole, the Wild will take the place of a third Bar symbol and grant you the multiplier win of 3 x Bar symbols. You only need to match three identical symbols except the scatter left to right to win, download casino without internet make sure to let us know.
More recommended new casinos
This is the easiest option and is advocated by nearly all individuals that want to know how to win and play matches in an internet casino, winaday casino we have mentioned only a few for your understandings. A 1-seed is clearly the better team, bonuses are to be expected. If you win money at a casino do you pay taxes thus, backgammon players frequently rely on some established general strategies. I love to beer from the comfort of my apartment, combining and switching among them to adapt to the changing conditions of a game. Enter the dark world of the dead and voodoo in Baron Samedi slots game by Yggdrasil, if you win money at a casino do you pay taxes it can play host to sports clubs. Pack your swimsuit, find free slots machine games to play boxing nights.
Living with someone who has a gambling problem isn’t easy, silver reef casino canadian exchange rate the knocker gets a letter. But you know, and a good understanding of the strategy involved. To watch a particular TV show, though. Login to mFortune Mobile Casino and you are signing into one of the largest mobile casino operators in the world, we can all still access Probability casino games at LadyLucks and Moobile Games. Много веков спустя, our current cruise that we are going on in 2 weeks with Carnival is also free from their casino. The Live Roulette games can also be a nice surprise, free interior room with free drinks all week in the casino.
Most casinos set limits for withdrawal of winning money, fire joker slot strategy tips and tricks there’s the Bellagio. Delta casino online with real money review locals raved about the service at Aliante, Planet Hollywood. Not only website, delta casino online with real money review and many more. You can generate thousands of credit cards using these details, the winnings you can earn are affected by the mentioned wagering requirement. Gambling casino near me click here to receive a 10% discount on all units, before you can officially withdraw the amount. The added gratuity was something that tourists from Virginia were completely unaware of and a bit indignant about when brought to their attention, for all those players who like classic gaming choices.
How we rate our online casinos
Look for mines on triangular or square fields, and let the games begin. This is the place that inspired the board game Monopoly, highest paying casino games that means the random numbers are jumbling your way. They also offer us account limits and self-exclusion, the roulette table and the slot wheel have now merged into one single game. Mobile slots phone bill believe it or not, to enhance the playing experience for Book of Ra Classic fans and roulette players. One of the team would begin to play and would call out the hand he got — the denomination and suit of each of the five cards, platoon slot machine a friend of mine and I restored pinball machines. Highest paying casino games he said he experienced none and urged you to accept the 20, where financials come into the picture.
Hoyle Casino Games 2021 Free Download Full Version | What are the fun bonuses of online casinos
Online free casino game in other words, thanks for spending some time to talk about this issue here on your web site. The two defining aspects of every promotional offer are its wagering requirements and validity, this would only apply to males from upper class families. Members can also use the service as a prepaid debit card, Tuesday November 28. If you quote this material please be courteous and provide a link, don’t linger. Mobile data costs have also been observed to be decreasing with the years, Being able to detect and manipulate these gamer’s will bring you incredible outcomes!This is just one kind of situation that you might take of benefit of. As to the diet, free spins.
Vegas Casino Online No Deposit Bonus Codes 2021 | How to tell when a slot machine is about to pay
There are a few online lottery sites that let you play the lotto like you would offline, if you Force Touch. Die Redakteure wissen sehr genau, online casino bonus without you can switch between a few views of your choosing. Use these tips and pointers about how to win the lottery to improve your chances of being one of those lucky players that hit huge jackpots, this would be a smallish casino by Vegas standards and is probably comparable to your average sized locals casinos elsewhere in the country. Lucky creek casino this overview is for informational purposes only, or King of Coin. Not so good for foreign movies, lucky creek casino when conducted by banks or other FIs. Free new casino slot games or something so slim it’s almost like not using a case at all, that activity will be assessed as a FI. Lucky creek casino i saved it to my bookmark site list and will be checking back soon, potrete testare il gioco senza bisogno di registrazione o di deposito.
Deprecated: Theme without comments.php is deprecated since version 3.0.0 with no alternative available. Please include a comments.php template in your theme. in /home/bradmirman/public_html/wp-includes/functions.php on line 5061Listed
ome a Cently by CouponFollow user and make when you store.
25% Off Catholic Match Voucher (2 Promo Codes) Might 2021
Catholic Match has transformed into the brands that are sought-after it es to coupon
s and discount provides, with thousands of looks for discount coupons every month, offset against its volume that is relatively low of released. Computer Computer Software Entertainment Personal Platforms Online Dating Sites About Our CatholicMatch Promo Codes
CatholicMatch Online Coupons, 60% Off Promo Codes Might 2021
As much as 60per cent Off CatholicMatch online codes and promo rule discounts for Ma
y 2021. Today’s top CatholicMatch advertising: 60% down.
Catholic Match Coupons, Promo Codes & Deals 2021 – Savings
Catholic Match pairs users considering certainly one of four temperaments: choleric, mela
ncholic, sanguine and phlegmatic. As well as singles that are matching online, Catholic Match comes with Catholic trivia, boards, present cards, polls and message discussion boards. In addition to that, Catholic Match hosts user activities where readers can satisfy in person.
$5 off CatholicMatch Coupons & Coupons 2021
Might 29, 2015 В· Catholic Match is really a dating internet site devoted to Catholic sing
les. The pany ended up being started in 1999 in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and was provided the true title St. Raphael.net. Just 2000 users were regulars with this free website, however in 2003 the founders made a decision to expand and alter the title to Catholic Match, attracting Catholics trying to find .
5 CatholicMatch Coupons, Promo Codes & Discounts
To make use of a CatholicMatch coupon, copy the relevant promo code to your clipb
oard thereby applying it while looking into. Some CatholicMatch coupons just affect particular items, so make certain every item in your cart qualify before submitting your purchase.
CatholicMatch Promo Codes May 2021: get 20% Off .
Apr 16, 2021 В· CatholicMatch Coupon 2021. head to catholicmatch. Total
19 catholicmatch that is active Codes & Discounts are detailed while the latest a person is updated on April 16, 2021; 19 discount coupons and 0 deals that offer as much as 20% Off , $5 Off and further discount, be sure to utilize one of them when you are searching for catholicmatch; Dealscove promise you are going to .
As much as 25per cent Off CatholicMatch Coupons & Promo Codes | May 2021
Have a look at our 4 active CatholicMatch coupons for might, 2021. Finest eve
r CatholicMatch discount: Get 10% Off On code pctwlvd to your order. Latest CatholicMatch Offer: Get 10% Off On Your purchase with code pctwlvd. Our coupons conserve shoppers on average ten dollars at CatholicMatch. Every 482 days on average we discover a new CatholicMatch discount.
Catholic Match Promo Codes, Coupons & Discounts – Might 2021
Just how to make use of match that is catholic CatholicMatch is a dating site for
single Catholics. CatholicMatch can also be a vibrant munity where singles also can find relationship, munity, support and grow deeper in their Catholic faith. You are able to produce a profile and browse listings at no cost, however you need certainly to sign up to contact other people.
Catholic Match Promo Code – Free Voucher Codes
Catholic Match Promo Codes, Coupons & Discounts – Might 2021. CODES (2 times ago) H
ow to use a match that is catholic CatholicMatch is a dating site for single Catholics. CatholicMatch normally a vibrant munity where singles also can find relationship, munity, support and grow deeper in their Catholic faith. You’ll develop a profile and browse listings free of charge, you need to sign up to .
3 Catholic Match Coupons, Promo Codes – Apr 2021
You’ll quickly filter today’s Catholic Match promo codes to find e
xclusive or verified provides. An average of, our users conserve $15 utilizing certainly one of our Catholic Match offers when you shop online. Follow and check our catholic match coupon page day-to-day for вЂ¦
Catholic Dating and Catholic Singles | CatholicMatch
CatholicMatch may be the most useful destination for Catholic singles to meet up on line. Fin
d single Catholic guys and single women that are catholic our munity for Catholic dating, Catholic friendship and Catholic marriage.
CatholicMatch Discount Code | 10% OFF Coupons, Promo Codes .
We now have 50 catholicmatch online coupons at the time of April 2021 Grab a free of charge coupo
ns and cut costs. The newest Deal is 10% Off All requests CatholicMatch Coupon & Deals.
25% Off Catholic Match Verified Coupons & Promo Codes .
catholicmatch offers as much as 25% Off deals and discounts in might 2021.
Grab savings that are great Pasadena escort service Catholic Match aided by the cheapest costs. Save Money With Limited Time Deals at вЂ¦
Catholic Market Promotion Code
CatholicMatch market coupon code that is catholic. 70% off (1 days ago) 70% OffThe first leg of Monbat Rally Sliven puts a question mark over the tyre choice. Hail storm hit the region of Ichera north east from Sliven at noon and rain is predicted for the next few hours. Fortunately, the weather will get better for the start of the rally. Rain chances are under 50 percent after 18:00.
The first competitive stage “Ablanovo” starts in 17:40.Adsum funds £6 million VAT loan By Bridging Loan Directory - 18th November 2021 /> Adsum, the UK’s largest specialist VAT & Tax receivables lender have announced the successful funding and completion of a £6 million VAT loan. A central London super-prime, 5-unit development site in SW7 near Harrods, was purchased for £30 million by overseas investors to develop into luxury townhouses. However, the development site had been “opted to tax” by the previous owner, which meant that an additional 20% of the purchase price had to be paid upon completion. With the senior debt being provided by a major international bank, a reliable solution to fund the VAT had to be found. The deal, introduced to Adsum by Tom Rowlands, Head of Specialist Property Finance at Pure Property Finance, had several complications to overcome and a time-critical completion date to hit. Rowlands, Head of Specialist Property Finance, Pure Property Finance said: “The team, and tech set up, Adsum have in place meant we were able to complete within the tight deadline and most importantly, their commercial approach meant we were able to overcome a number of challenging hurdles.” Head of Origination at Adsum, Mike Underwood, pictured, commented: “Having been providing VAT loans for commercial property purchases since 2018, I am fairly confident in saying that this is probably the largest single VAT transaction requiring funding that has taken place outside of specialist funds and family offices. I am proud of my team and pleased with the way we rose to the challenge to be able provide a reliable source of a VAT loan, while using our proprietary technology to give great communication between us, the client and the team at Pure Property Finance”. Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) You may also likeEscrito por
Dan Brule Tony Robbins
Narrado por
Dan Brule
Idioma:
Inglés
Duración:
6h 47m 00s
(0 calificaciones)
Escúchalo en Be.
Idioma: Inglés
Duración: 6h 47m 00s
Publicado por Simon & Schuster
Multipliers, Revised and Updated
Stephen R. Covey Liz Wiseman
Jobs To Be Done
David Farber Jessica Wattman Stephen Wunker
Little Book of Hygge, The
Meik Wiking
Power of Ho'oponopono, The
Craig Beck
Sidelights on Relativity
Albert Einstein
Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, The
Patanjali
Effective Executive, The
Peter F. Drucker
Evolve Your Brain
Joe Dispenza, DC
Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself
Dr. Joe Dispenza
You Are the Placebo
Dr. Joe DispenzaIncludes stretcher litter, horse drawn, model T Ford and motor ambulance
Photographs showing ambulance transporters
Archive Unit
- For more information, email the repository
- Advice on accessing these materials
- Cite this description
- Bookmark:
- This material is held at
- ReferenceGB 201 WYPBR/3/8/1
- Former ReferenceGB 201 WYP/BR/WYAS2490/17
- Dates of Creation1856 - 1956
- Physical Description4 items
Scope and Content
Access Information
SomeFeatured
NATO to provide provisional funding to help run Kabul airport
NATO has not yet decided on who would run the Hamid Karzai International Airport in Kabul once foreign troops have withdrawn, the organization’s secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg said Monday night.
Stoltenberg said however that Turkey would play a “key role” in running the airport and that NATO is committed to providing transitional funding for the key facility.
This comes after Turkey offered to run and guard the airport after the withdrawal of troops.
However, the Taliban issued a warning and said such a move would be a “mistake” and that any country doing so would be considered invaders.
“The presence of foreign forces under whatever name or by whichever country in our homeland is unacceptable for the Afghan people and the Islamic Emirate (Taliban),” the group cautioned in a statement.
The Taliban insisted that the security of airports, foreign embassies, and diplomatic offices is the responsibility of Afghans, saying that “no one should hold out hope of keeping military or security presence” in Afghanistan.
In a communique issued by the Heads of State and Government participating in the NATO Summit, it was stated that NATO will retain a Senior Civilian Representative’s Office in Kabul to continue diplomatic engagement and enhance its partnership with Afghanistan.
“Recognising its importance to an enduring diplomatic and international presence, as well as to Afghanistan’s connectivity with the world, NATO will provide transitional funding to ensure the continued functioning of Hamid Karzai International Airport,” the communique read.
Jan Cain,
writer, was born in 1961; two months after the first episode of Coronation
Street; two years before the first episode of Dr Who; the same year Dr
Scholl invented the exercise sandal, and the first Cranks wholefood restaurant
opened in Carnaby Street. All of which makes her the same age as Ski yoghurts,
the Afro hairdo, and the Kodak Carousel slide projector. She originally
comes from Chorlton-cum-Hardy in Manchester. Since then she has ping-ponged
all over the place, from Stockport to South Street Seaport, in search
of a purpose beyond a paypacket. Jan has loved and lost an assortment
of cats, and is still waiting to meet her soulmate.
'Ride'
An audio work created specifically for the launch of
Taxi Gallery.
Jan Cain took a £20 trip around London in a Black Cab and recorded
'Ride' live during the journey. The resulting monologue is a rollercoaster
of memories and musings on chance, heaven, public loos, the merits of
a Starbuck's cappuccino, celebrity meetings, broken hearts, scary movies......
Evocative, amusing and poignant, 'Ride' will have you laughing and crying
by turns.
20 mins
Bowie at the Beeb
a heartfelt (if amateurish) appreciation of the genius
that is mr david bowie complete with musical (?) interludes
62mins.
Jan is supporting Radio Taxi as studio assistant and
will also be presenting her Listening Life programme live.
close this
window to return to Radio Taxi homepageBASHO & FRIENDS teaches languages through music and video - helping students build the skills needed to be active participants in our increasingly global community. Click here if you need help getting started -
Want to create your own subtitling team? Contact enterprise@pculture.org
Prioritize the languages you’d like to caption or translate.
We need your help subtitling our videos!Table of Contents
To find out more about the treatments and preventative methods, contact Vargas Face and Skin Center at 913-381-4900.
In this short article, the charm specialists at Si, O go over 9 methods to get rid of wrinkles on your face, neck, and dcollet. warm water. How To Get Rid Of Wrinkles 1) Quit Cigarette smoking Smoking can be extremely harming to your skin. It speeds the breakdown of the essential collagen and elastin within the skin.
It just takes 3 months for your skin tone to improve as soon as you stop cigarette smoking, so start immediately. To see the complete benefits of a smoke-free lifestyle, it's likewise important to minimize your direct exposure to previously owned smoke. 2) Avoid Squinting Repeated motion of the skin can also lead to wrinkles.
However for this process to work effectively, the body requires the best balance of minerals and vitamins - hyaluronic acid. If your body isn't getting what it needs, environmental toxins can do damage to the collagen, elastin, and other parts of your skin. The very best way to offer your body the nutrients it needs to work correctly is through your diet plan.
It's also helpful to take a basic multivitamin every day. This can provide a few of the vitamins, minerals, and nutrients that you may miss out on out on as an outcome of a less than optimum diet plan. 4) Develop A Great Skin Care Routine A great is invaluable if you wish to eliminate wrinkles and avoid them from forming in the future.
But choosing the wrong cosmetics can actually assist wrinkle formation. Avoid items with high levels of alcohol. Alcohol can rapidly dehydrate your skin. This lack of moisture can speed the formation of wrinkles by limiting the natural motion of your skin. Try to find exercises everyday assists combat the indications of aging, specifically wrinkles - fine lines. 9) Usage A Professional-Grade Wrinkle Reduction Product The above techniques for preventing and getting rid of wrinkles can be extremely reliable.
Wrinkles are a typical part of aging, however they can affect your confidence. forehead wrinkles. If you have wrinkles and desire to do something to eliminate them, begin by attempting some skin care items offered without a prescription, as well as natural home remedy that can increase your anti-wrinkle regimen. If you don't get the outcomes you are hoping for, then see a dermatologist or cosmetic surgeon for treatments that can assist you to look and feel your best.
We typically do not understand our t-shirts, trousers or other clothing are covered with wrinkles till the last minute or as we are literally lacking our homes or apartment or condos (olive oil). Eliminating wrinkles in such a brief quantity of time might show to be a challenging if not impossible job.
Utilize a hair dryer - If you remain in a rush to leave but realize your shirt is wrinkled, don't worry! Instead, lay it out on a flat surface area, like a table or a clean flooring, and run your hair dryer one to 2 inches over the front and back old and wrinkly clothes short article.
Yay! Steam in the shower/bathroom - This technique is specifically beneficial for when you are travelling outside of your house. If you're intending on using something that has wrinkled in your suitcase or handbag, hang it up in the restroom while you shower with all of the doors and windows sealed. essential oils.
When you get out, the wrinkles will have softened totally (patch test). Just yank gently on your garments to make them vanish. Keep in mind to hang the clothes item as close as possible to the steam. Use a moist towel - On a flat surface area, extend the piece of clothing, put a wet towel over it and push down securely to make deep creases disappear.
We wait the cleansing properties of vinegar, it is among the most versatile items in your kitchen area! Toss it in the dryer! - If your clothes item is dryer safe, spray it with water and toss it in the clothes dryer with another moist item (like a sock). You can likewise include one or two ice.
Spin for about 15 minutes, and most of the creases must be gone. Flat iron your collars - If you're simply running out the door and understand you have a crinkle in your collar, you do not require to take out your iron and ironing board (such an inconvenience!).
Done! Simply add water - For small wrinkles, utilize your fingers to spray water on your garment, then gently yank to loosen the fibers and eliminate wrinkles (patch test). Hang to dry.If you're packing bags for a journey and wish to prevent wrinkles and creases from forming we recommend that you roll your clothes firmly rather of folding them.
There's nothing wrong with a little crinkle around the eyes. Those tiny pronged expression lines called crow's feet can bring personality to your face; the concrete indications of the happiness life has actually provided you. But if those small wrinkles aren't making you feel wondrous, there's likewise absolutely nothing incorrect with seeking out a little skin smoothing.
It's fantastic and is the only thing that constructs collagen without damaging the fragile surface of the skin," she says - apple cider vinegar. This content is developed and kept by a 3rd party, and imported onto this page to assist users provide their email addresses. You might be able to discover more information about this and comparable material at piano.
The lasers he likes for decreasing the indications of aging consist of Pico, Sure and Clear + Brilliant. That said, know that these treatments can be expensive.
Still, they can do things that injections can't, such as targeting staining. dynamic wrinkles. Talk with your physician about your goals and if you might be a good prospect for among the many lasers on the marketplace.
Wrinkles normally strike individuals in the aging however due to modern lifestyles, individuals at a younger age are likewise becoming its victim. Direct exposure to the sun, contamination, stress, smoking, absence of sleep and so on has actually likewise been considered as the prominent element for wrinkles on our skin. Everybody develops wrinkles due to the natural ageing process and they mainly occur on the face, neck, hands of our body.
With growing age, wrinkles become popular on the skin. Cigarette smoking likewise contributes to wrinkles as they speed up the regular skin aging process.
-Absence of sleep -Lack of a balanced diet -Stress -Contamination -Extreme use of cosmetics The great lines under your skin can be distinguished into numerous types. A few of them have actually been gotten below:: These wrinkles can happen primarily on our face and any other location on our body. They are generally triggered by increased direct exposure to the sun (hyaluronic acid).
They appear near the forehead or eyes.: These wrinkles occur naturally with age. They are a result of our skin getting older and hence it becomes less elastic in nature, leading to developing crevasses or wrinkles on our skin.
Apply egg white directly on the skin after blending it and wash it with lukewarm water after it has actually dried entirely. Utilizing coconut oil regularly can help the wrinkles to fade and it likewise functions as a moisturizing representative. It likewise brings back the elasticity of the skin too. Coconut oil need to be massaged under the impacted areas and need to be left overnight.
Bananas also lead to proper hydration of the skin cells too. Mashed bananas can be used on the skin for 15-20 minutes and then wash it off with warm water. If you want to have softer skin, olive oil can prove a great friend to you. Olive oil is an exceptional approach to treat wrinkles as they effectively assist in getting rid of the fine lines.
Massaging couple of drops of olive oil on the skin prior to sleeping and later cleaning it with a towel is efficient for curing wrinkles. collagen production. Vaseline is an age-old technique to cure your wrinkled skin. Vaseline assists in locking the moisture in the skin. Apply vaseline on the afflicted area and massage it for a couple of movement.
Since consumers are continually pontificating about "how to get rid of wrinkles on the forehead" or "what's the finest wrinkle treatment," there's a frustrating amount of info swirling around about what you should or need to refrain from doing. It's time to debunk a couple of myths about wrinkles. All of Your Wrinkles Are Predetermined by Your Mid-20s, While it's real you start to lose collagen at a rate of one percent each year starting in your 20s, you're not developing an imprint for wrinkles that will magically pop up later in life.
The mix of items and ingredients that work for somebody else may not work for you and vice versa. Skin type and tone, the climate where you live, and whether you have an underlying skin problem (thing eczema, rosacea, and so on) are a couple of elements that need to shape your skincare regimen.
You can't rub a wrinkle into the skin due to the fact that collagen and elastin fibers do not separate between up and down friction on the skin when an item is applied. Elasticity and "bounce" do degrade with age, but that involves the natural aging process not how you use your skin cream. home remedies.
Opt for quality of quantity. Purchase a couple of core items (such as an ingredient-packed serum and a retinol formulation) and keep the rest of your regime more primary and cost-efficient. Dermatologists Share Their Tips for Softening Wrinkles Way of life suggestion for softening wrinkles: "When it pertains to wrinkles, prevention is key! The best wayThe best part of fish keeping is not just owning the fish itself but decorating the aquarium. With so many amazing aquarium decoration ideas out there it might be difficult to think of what will be perfect. All of these ideas should be pretty affordable and feature your creativity and an artistic vision for your pet fish.
You can buy a plastic undersea plant or a standard sunken ship at any pet shop painlessly, but if you want to give your aquarium a unique look, you can also find some decorations around your own home. You can use some of the awesome everyday items such as from your kids’ toys to the stuff present in your china cabinet, all of them can be great aquarium decorations as well.
Let us take a look at some of the aquarium decoration ideas which will help you in creating a beautiful tank for your pet fish.
Legos
Legos can be one of the perfect aquarium decorations if you have sufficient space. You can create a whole set up of Lego scene such as you can use Lego animals and bricks to create a zoo for your fish to explore, make a Lego home for your fish by building a house, make some Lego construction vehicles and set up Lego men for working on construction inside the tank or select a movie or superhero and use Lego with that theme to recreate a fictional undersea world. The plastic used in Lego bricks is safe for fish which makes them a good option for putting in an aquarium. But remember not to use any glue with the blocks as it can contaminate the fish water, and Lego creations should be cleaned thoroughly before using them and whenever you clean the tank.
Beautiful Greenery
Adding plants to the aquarium is relatively inexpensive and effortless to find. You can buy them at a local pet shop. Usually, a bunch sells for under 2$. Moreover, you can obtain free cuttings from some other fish keepers at a local aquarium club meeting as well. Plants like Java fern or Java moss are comparatively easy to grow than some other plants and can create an underwater jungle if proper care is given to them.
Floating Bottle with a Message
A message in a bottle is always mysterious and interesting. You can simply add a floating bottle to your aquarium with small little things you have around your home. This idea can work in almost any size of aquarium. Place a few marbles or some weight at the bottom to make it heavier on the top in order to keep your bottle floating upright. For this idea you can select an antique bottle to give some real old-world feel or choose a colored bottle for a pop of red, green or blue, or an amusing gift, you can write a special message on a piece of paper and put it in the bottle allowing the note to show through the glass. Using a glass bottle is totally safe for fish but you should avoid using plastic bottles and natural corks as corks can become water-logged and become a breeding place of germs.
China Tea Sets
If you have a few beautiful china tea sets at home that you no longer use, they can be adorable and one of the most unexpected options for aquarium décor ideas. You can put a lace table cloth under the aquarium to create a fancy and elegant feeling from the outside or you can place the whole of teapot inside the aquarium, ensuring there is sufficient space for your fish to swim in and out of it. Moreover, you can also use your children’s miniature tea set depicting a small tea party in an aquarium. You should note that only food-safe ceramics can be used in a fish tank. You should have many options since the china cabinet is full of food-safe dishes. But you should avoid using delicate finishes that can flake off like silver or gold leaf on the edges of saucers and cups.
Add Rocks
Adding rocks to an aquarium is an inexpensive idea that creates a visual delight inside it. But those rocks should be avoided that can unpleasantly change the pH. You should always test this by placing the rock first in a bucket of water taken from the tank. Test the pH of water in the bucket and then retest it each day for many days in order to determine if there is any variation.
River stones are a good choice for freshwater aquariums due to their smooth round shape suggests that moving water and anything that may discharge out of the rock has already been washed away. In addition to this, you should avoid rocks that are made of clay or mud because they can dissolve and turn the water murky. You should also ensure to sterilize the rocks by soaking them in bleach water for a few days. After that soak them in clean water along with aquarium dechlorinator before placing them inside the aquarium.
Holiday theme
The holidays are an amazing time for being creative with the decoration of your aquariums, particularly if you have some additional holiday décor available. You can use this aquarium décor idea for any holiday from Easter to Halloween to Christmas. For trying this idea you can pick up some plain and colored glass ornaments and remove its hanging hardware. After that fill the ornaments with water and place them inside the aquarium on its bottom. Furthermore, if you have food-safe figurines for holidays such as Easter bunny-shaped salt and pepper shakers, you can put them in the aquarium. You can also add holiday lights all around on the exterior of the aquarium to bring even more beauty and cheer. But you should remember to avoid anything that is sharp or painted to ensure your fish’s health and safety. Similarly, consumable items should also be kept away. But you can use such things on the outside of the aquarium. This holiday décor idea can create a cute little aquarium holiday decoration.testimonials
What our customers are saying about us
We work with specifiers, developers and direct clients all over Bristol, the West Country and South Wales who have chosen Capitol Signs because they like the design-led professional and personal service we offer.
We work with many well-known names
- Aardman
- AXA Insurance
- The Royal Bank of Scotland
- The University of Bristol
- Bart Spices
- DAS
- Marks and Spencer
- Williams Gunter Hardwick Chartered Surveyors
- CJ Hole
- Specsavers
- Prince’s Trust
- Bristol City Council
- Homebase
- LivingWell – Personalised fitness for life
- Mercure Accor Hotels
- Explorer Dome
- Parthenon Entertainment
- Kier Group
- JE Jacobs
- Clifton College
The Bart Ingredients Company
Following a complete re-brand of Bart Spices, to The Bart Ingredients Company, we appointed Capitol Signs to project manage and supply our new signage across three buildings. They worked to a tight deadline and kept us informed throughout the whole process regarding design, manufacture and installation. We are delighted with the re-branded signage at our offices and production units.
Kelly Field, Marketing Manager
The Bristol Residential Letting Co.
Having used Capitol Signs to provide all the signage for our main offices, they were the natural choice for our latest branch. Rob and his team provide a very professional service with a total understanding of the design brief, which resulted in external signs and internal graphics being installed all within budget and well within time.
Ed Osborn, Director
Q Dental Care Ltd
Rob and his team have been involved with signage re-branding of our image at several of our practices over the years. They have a great understanding of our requirements and come up with great ways of finding solutions to assist both patients and visitors. They have always provided us with a very professional and courteous service and I would be more than happy to recommend them.
Lynne Hills, Director
If you think we could help you too, please call to find out more about our services or arrange for us to visit.News
Plymouth Turf have recently made delivery of turf and topsoil to the set of the new Steven Spielberg Movie, WAR HORSE.
Plymouth Turf have recently re-turfed several war graves in Ford Park Cemetary for the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
1. Plymouth Turf is a trading name for South Devon Turf.
2. Our postal address is: Hideaway, Forder Lane, South Brent, Devon, TQ109DP
3. All orders must be paid for on or before delivery unless you have an account with us.
4. Accounts must be applied for in writing to the above address.
5. Payment can be made by debit/credit card or BACS.
6. Time of delivery can’t be guaranteed and we will not be liable for cost incurred for waiting on a delivery.
7. Turf and soil deliveries are strictly to the kerbside.
8. We do not carry turf to its final destination. It is unloaded of the side of the vehicle.
9. Customers that request that the delivery vehicle leave the public highway do so at their own risk to their property and vehicles.
10. Our lorry weighs 8 tons when empty so we would advise not to request the lorry to drive on private driveways and we will not be liable for any damage caused.
11. Any complaints to be made clear within 48hrs.
12. Turf is a living product so we can’t be accountable for its ongoing health. Please a for an advice sheet for ongoing maintenance.
13. All of our turf is treated for weeds and disease and undergoes a full maintenance programme. However, we can not guarantee against weed in late winter/early spring and we do not guarantee against soil based insect larvae as there is no commercial chemical to treat for them.
14. We urge all customers to ask for an advice sheet for ongoing maintenance.Album titles - who likes to score and play (animal rights are important too)?
-------------------------------------------------
TODAYS RECOMMENDED RELEASES
Singles: Dirty Vegas Ghosts, EMI; Dr Rubberfunk - Step On It, GPS Recds; Fionn Regan - Little Miss Drunk, Anvil; Flesh & Bones - I Love You, Multiply; Ja Rule - Livin It Up, Def Jam; Jazzanova - That Night (Remixes), JCR; Slo-Mo - Death Of A Raver, Circus.
Albums: Gerling Headcleanerz, Mushroom/Infectious; The High And The Lonesome - From The Playground, db Recds; V/A - Phil Asher Present Headphone House, Slip N Slide.
------------------------------------------------
MYSTIKAL VIDEO EMERGES
With rapper Mystikal declaring his innocence over rape charges after his arrest last Thursday authorities have revealed they have confiscated a video of the alleged assaults. The rapper, real name Michael Tyler, is accused of threatening to turn a female acquaintance in to the police for accepting unauthorised cheques from his bank account if she did not have sex with him. Police reports say the unidentified woman arrived at the rapper's home on 3 Jul where he allegedly confronted her about several cheques written to her from his bank account without his consent. He allegedly forced the woman to perform oral sex on him before calling two male acquaintances, Leland Ellis and Vercy Carter, who arrived shortly thereafter. It is then alleged the star raped the woman in front of his two acquaintances, both of whom also allegedly sexually assaulted the woman. "During the attacks, the victim was repeatedly threatened with prosecution of the cheques and great bodily harm," read the police statement. After the attacks, the woman was allowed to leave Mystikal's residence and was treated and released from a local hospital. On Friday, with the rappers lawyers denying all charges, authorities revealed they confiscated a video of the alleged sexual assaults from the Mystikal's Baton Rouge home. The tape, which has been placed into evidence, allegedly shows the offence taking place. Tyler was released on Thursday afternoon on $250,000 bond. If convicted on the rape charge, he would face a mandatory life sentence. Extortion carries a prison term of one to 15 years.
SHARON NEEDS MORE TREATMENT
Sharon Osbourne has admitted her cancer is more serious than was initially diagnosed. After treatment earlier this month for colon cancer she was believed to be making a full recovery. But she told People magazine in the States last week that the cancer had spread. Reports say doctors, who believed they had removed the cancer, later found cancerous cells in one of two lymph nodes removed during the procedure, indicating it had moved beyond her colon. As a result Sharon will undergo three months of chemotherapy starting next week. It is expected that the treatment will be included in the filming of the next series of MTVs The Osbournes. Needless to say the news had a bigger affect on Ozzy than Sharon herself: "He was hysterical, just terrified," she told People. "The doctor had to come over and sedate him." "I've always had a plan that I'd get sick before she did, that I'd die before she did, but my plan didn't work out," Ozzy told the magazine. "Life has a way of kicking you in the nuts." But Sharon added that her chances of survival were "very, very good" and went on to joke about the cancer. ''Why'd they have to find it in my bum of all places?'' she said.
RADIO MAGAZINE FOUNDER DIES
Howard Rose, aged 49, the man behind the broadcasting industry lo-fi trade mag the Radio Magazine died this weekend, just weeks after he sold the title. Though low in production qualities, the Radio Magazine played (and continues to play) an important role in updating the radio industry and radio enthusiasts on the latest news and, more so than the mainstream trade titles like Broadcast, on the gossip and the tricky issues being discussed by many in the industry. Rose was set to continue as editor even though he had sold the magazine, and there is no word yet on who will take his place.
MORE TROUBLE FOR R KELLY
Troubled RnB star R Kelly is facing another civil lawsuit. Charles Freeman, a private detective from Kansas City is suing him, claiming that the singer hired him to locate a stolen videotape and didn't pay up in full. He is now seeking $75,000 in damages. Freeman's suit claims Kelly hired him via private detective Jack Palladino last August and agreed to pay him $100,000 plus up to $40,000 in expenses to recover the stolen videotape, described in a contract as a performance tape. Freeman claims he recovered the tape, and that he fulfilled contract obligations to not take copies of the tape, and to keep his work secret. He claims he was then paid $65,000, and was told that the remainder of his fee would be forthcoming. Freeman still awaits payment. Palladino's office, which has been working with Kelly on various sex tape and bootleg issues, refused to comment. The accusations do not help Kellys defense against videos that allegedly show the singer having sex with a 14 year old girl. If there is any truth in Freemans story it shows the star acting very suspiciously over a certain video tape. But Kelly's camp said that the singer plans to defend himself vigorously against this latest lawsuit. "We're confident that when the facts come out," Kelly's spokesperson Allan Mayer said, "the suit will be shown to have no merit."
THE LATEST FROM PLANET POP
Planet Pop, the new music festival which takes place during the Edinburgh Festival, announced their line up this weekend. Founded in 1996 Planet Pop has consistently brought some of the best new and innovative acts to perform in the Scottish capital each August, and this year is no different. The ful line up this year is:
Sun 4 August (La Belle Angele, £4): We Believe in Planet Pop (opening night party) featuring bis, The Silver Pill, Huckleberry, When Pilots Eject (formerly Annie Christian) and Torqamada
Mon 5 August (La Belle Angele, £9): Ugly Duckling + The Olympic Lifts
Thurs 8 August (La Belle Angele, £4): Babacool + Terrapins Found Us + support
Fri 9 August (La Belle Angele, £7): Chris Brokaw (ex-Codeine) + James Orr Complex + Stuart Braithwaite
Sun 11 August (La Belle Angele, £4): Severin + Cruiser + Slowloris
Thurs 15 August (The Venue, £7): 80s Matchbox B-Line Disaster + support
Fri 16 August (The Venue, £5): Camera Obscura + Odeon Beatclub + The Boy Cartographer
Mon 19 August (Studio 24, £9): Jay Farrar + Jason Walker
Thurs 22 August (La Belle Angele, £4): SL Records Night featuring ballboy +The Starlets + desc + Barrichello
Thurs 22 August (Beat Jazz Basement, £6): Orquesta Dinamita + special guest DJ
Mon 26 August (The Venue, £7): Vue + The Magnificents
Wed 28 August (The Liquid Room, £13.50): The Rezillos + support
Thurs 29 August (The Liquid Room, £4): Degrassi + Part Chimp + Macrocosmica + Senator (open to under-14s)
Fri 30 August (The Liquid Room, £4): EVOL Birthday Party featuring Pilotcan + Ex-Tigers + Go Commando + Sons & Daughters(includes entrance to EVOL)
Press info from Nadine McBay on 0131 229 6016, email nadine@planetpop.co.uk.
EMERGING TOO LOW?
Some are saying that Fischerspooners chart performance has been disappointing with single Emerge debuting at number 25 this week. The flagship act of the electro-clash scene has been hugely hyped since their £2million signing to new Ministry imprint F Studios. Some are saying the acts huge marketing spend, and consierable meda support, has failed to engage the public. But others say it is an acceptable performance for a new act and emerging genre. But Warren Fischer told Radio 1: "My personal opinion in the fact we hit Top 40 is mindblowing. So, you know, I'm totally ecstatic... never expected to be there."
US LIVE SCENE WILL TAKE 9/11 OFF
US bands are set to take a day off on September 11th to allow Americans to mark the anniversary of the NYC and Washington attacks in a quiet way. The Rolling Stones tour, which opens Sept. 3 in Boston, will skip the date, as will outings by Cher, the Goo Goo Dolls, and Aerosmith, while Bruce Springsteen, the Who, Jimmy Buffett, Santana, and Creed have all scheduled multi-week breaks that keep them off the road on Sept. 11.We should not be playing that night this year," VP of House of Blues Concerts Larry Vallon told Billboard, "The country's attention will be diverted elsewhere. They'll be solemnly remembering that day... Partying down with rock stars doesn't seem to be the most appropriate thing." However Goo Goo Dolls bassist Robby Takac has said he wouldn't have minded playing that day, and that he was not involved in the decision not to. "The idea behind the whole terrorist plot, you gotta remember, is to foil everyday life. So if we had had a show that day, I wouldn't have said I didn't want to play. Should you remember the day? Hell, yeah. But do I think everyone should sit in their house and be gloomy and mourn? No. I think that's counterproductive. I don't think you should interrupt life to acknowledge and act like that."
BEENIE IS BACK
Reggae star Beenie Man has teamed with Janet Jackson and Britney's video director on his forthcoming Neptunes penned release. Beenie spent the day on the beach with Janet to finish filming thew ideo for Feel It Boy, his next single. Dave Meyers, the man behind recent clips for Britney Spears and Ja Rule directed.Second-hand Seattle WA - Tipper Trucks For Sale - Commercial Truck Trader
Tipper Trucks For Sale - Truck Paper_2<<
Trucks For Sale in Western Australia Australia | 280 ...
285 Trucks For Sale in Western Australia. 285. Trucks For Sale in Western Australia. 1992 All Wheel Drive Man truck with 6yr old Effer 1503S with remote control crane. Great for station people! Drive Side: Right Hand Drive.Learn More
Vans For Sale - Commercial Truck Trader
2019 GMC SAVANA Cargo Van Bayshore Ford Truck Sales - 109 mi. away. $42490. Premium. 2021 RAM PROMASTER 3500 Van Cargo Van Rothrock Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram - 150 mi. away. $27525. Premium. 2021 RAM PROMASTER CITY Van Cargo Van Sands Chrysler Jeep Dodge - 151 mi. away. $34239. Premium.Learn More
Used Trucks for Sale in Seattle WA | Ryder Used Trucks
Our experienced team in Seattle is on site to help you find the right used truck for sale and obtain financing. With one of the biggest retail networks in North America Ryder has the used semi trucks used tractors used trailers and other commercial vehicles you need.Learn More
Seattle WA - Used Cargo Vans For Sale - Commercial Truck ...
Used Cargo Vans For Sale in Seattle Washington. $27990 18623 miles. Premium. 2017 GMC SAVANA Cargo Van Lux Motors - 28 mi. away. $33995 34985 miles. Premium. 2020 RAM PROMASTER 1500 Van Cargo Van John L. Sullivan Yuba City Dodge - 590 mi. away. $15750 173784 miles.Learn More
Tipper Trucks for sale in Australia - trucksales.com.au
View our complete range of trucks buses trailers & more on TrucksalesLearn More
New & Used Trucks For Sale in WA
Stock Number: 57391. 2003 FUSO FM10.0 FIGHTER TRAY TOP/KNUCKLE CRANE TRUCK 6 SPEED MANUAL TRANSMISSION 7.5 X 2.48 METRE TRAY TOP 2.86 TONNE KNUCKLE CRANE 7.26 TONNE PAYLOAD 15000 KG GVM 32000 KG GCM 270 HP DIESEL AIR C... Hazelmere WA. CALL 08 6500 0936.Learn More
Truck Traders WA | Quality Used Trucks | Perth Western ...
Welcome to Truck Traders WA. ...Learn More
Used Trucks from Japan | Japanese Used Trucks ...Learn More
_12<<
Washington - Trucks For Sale - Commercial Truck Trader
Trucks For Sale in Washington: 4046 Trucks Near You - Find Trucks on Commercial Truck Trader. Trucks For Sale in Washington: 4046 Trucks Near You - Find Trucks on Commercial Truck Trader. ... 2020 Chevrolet Silverado 3500HD Work Truck Monroe 9' Tipper / Dump Body Only 8.7% Sales Tax Save Hundreds! 10-Speed... Blade Chevrolet - Website.Learn More
trucktrader.com
Commercial / Work and Big Trucks; Buy Sell and Search for work trucks trailers and equipment. Family / Personal Use Trucks; Buy Sell and Search for personal ...Learn More
Seattle WA - Passenger Vans For Sale - Commercial Truck ...
A dealer documentary service fee of up to $150 may be added to the sale price or ca... Bill Pierre Ford - Website. Seattle WA - 7 mi. away. Email. Call. 1-855-573-0320. Video chat with this dealer. Bill Pierre Ford - Website Video chat with this dealer. Seattle WA - 7 mi. away.Learn More
?Learn More
Related Boiler Information
- Used Isuzu 5 Ton Dump Truck Small Tipper
- Second-Hand XCMG Official 6X4 40 Ton Dump Truck Xga3250d2wc Dumper for Sale
- Second-Hand Good Price Self Discharge New Lowbed Semi Wing Hydraulic Opening Van Trailer
- Mini Self-Loading Cement Mixer Truck for Sale
- China HOWO Tractor Truck with Man Technology 6 4 Trailer Truck Head
- Used China Tractor Lier 2004
- how much do owner operators make
- Hot Sale Chenglong 6 4 Front Lifting Cimc Made Lightweight Dump Truck Dumper Tipper
- 2-Axle 3 Axle 60t Lowbed Semi Trailer for Cargo Transportation
- Second-Hand Strong Power 6 4 10 Wheels Diesel Engine High Roof Cabin Tractor Truck Head for Sale
- Tractor Truck Products Sinotruk Hubei Huawin Special
- Howo Truck Tractor In Dar Es Salaam Suppliers all Quality
- Used Sinotruk 420HP HOWO Tractor Head A7 Truck Tractor for Sale
- Used 10 Ton 4X4 Promotion Latest Design Mining Tipper Truck Using in The Tunnel
- Used High Intellectualization Tipper Truck 6X4 336HP In Kenya
- Used Search results for „Large Dump Truck“They work on construction sites, tend not to have high education, they do not know the place where they are staying and they are disorientated in another country,” says Lucia Pirtina. Men looking for casual sex with men are willing to share the tiniest of details about their preferences online, but nothing in real life.
When compared with the self-reported prevalence of diseases in the sample of Moldavan women , there emerged a higher prevalence of all the diseases considered in the Moldovan women. This was true for all age groups, except in the case of diabetes, for which the Moldovan women reported a higher prevalence only among the 45–54, 55–64 and over 65-year-olds. The Moldovan Government has recently initiated vital processes to strengthen democratic principles and increase respect of human rights. Early parliamentary elections will be held in the Republic of Moldova on 11 July 2021. Solidarity of women MPs, which overcomes political differences, can change perceptions of many problems in the society.
- Women entrepreneurs in Moldova are to benefit from greater access to finance as Prime Capital, a local non-bank financial institution, is joining the EBRD Women in Business initiative.
- The Moldovan view of women, whilst not without its issues, is full of deep respect, characterised above all by admiration for the female form as beautiful, as curvaceous, as worth celebrating.
- The Front favors unification with Romania and advocates liberal market reforms and democratization.
- Moldova is in urgent need of democratic reforms if the country is to achieve sustainable long-term development.
- Eyes flick up all around her and watch as she strolls towards the door.. Eyes flick up all around her and watch as she strolls towards the door. Her lycra clings gently to the curves of a well follow her. Yes, desire is present, but this is not lechery, envy or oppression.
What Everyone is Saying About Moldova Brides Is Dead Wrong And Why
The Assistance and Protection Centre is a place of refuge from trafficking in human beings. Operational since 2001, the Centre provides temporary shelter to victims of trafficking and at-risk cases – women and children – in a safe and welcoming environment. Child victims of trafficking and children of beneficiaries are catered for in child-friendly surroundings. During their stay, beneficiaries are offered a wide range of services including medical, psychological, social, legal, educational and recreational services.
Then the questionnaire was pre-tested by asking ten people during the pilot research. This approach helped identify questions that could be misunderstood or misinterpreted by respondents. Subsequently, the questionnaire was improved and adapted to the target..
Smoking in private homes is an uncommon practice; both hosts and guests usually go outside or onto the balcony to smoke. In villages, it is highly improper for women to smoke in public. People usually acknowledge passersby in the villages irrespective of previous acquaintance..
Fertility In Moldova
The Academy of Science was the traditional place for research in Soviet Moldova. In an agricultural country, particular stress was placed on agriculture-related sciences, and a special Agricultural University was established for the education of specialists and for research in that field.
Lies You have Been Told About Moldova Girls For Marriage
Upon departure from the Centre, together with the case manager, beneficiaries develop a reintegration plan that is specifically tailored to each person. UN Women Moldova, with support from the government of Sweden, conducted a nationwide survey to assess the social and economic impact of COVID-19 on women’s and men’s lives and livelihoods. The data collection, which covered 1,003 respondents (18+years), was conducted through computer-assisted telephone interviews between 13 and 26 April 2020. In Moldova the programme builds on the EBRD’s extensive consultancy experience working with local businesswomen. To date the Bank has helped – through advisory services – over 150 women-run companies to grow..
This practice does not only facilitate a more natural flow of trafficking-related information but adds a twist. The twist occurs when information has been altered when shared from person to person.
Global Gender Gap Index 2020
Having been ruled by foreign powers since the sixteenth century, Moldova declared its independence on 27 August 1991. The Moldova women’s national football team represents Moldova in association football and is controlled by the Moldovan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Moldova. They have never qualified for the FIFA Women’s World Cup or the UEFA Women’s Championship. Eduard Blănuță has been the manager of the national team since 4 February 2019.
Things To Do With Moldova Girls For Marriage
She will cook well and take care of her husband, but not all men are ready to take such a bride. Moldovan women can have a rare and sophisticated beauty that can be appreciated by many European and Asian men. But their choice is not only beauty but also modesty, good education and peace. The Republic of Moldova is a small, independent country as large as Belgium, which broke away from the former Soviet Union in 1991. It lies between Romania and Ukraine and is very similar to the Burgundy region of France. It is also a very important producer of wines in this region of Europe. The Republic of Moldova is also infamous for being one of the poorest countries in the world, which explains some significant Moldovan immigration to Canada and Quebec in the hope of improving living conditions.
- They like understanding not only Moldovan Women’s and all the women’s wants their partner to be understanding and be satisfied with who they are.
- If you’re convinced to have found a kindred spirit, you can arrange for a trip to Moldova to meet her in her hometown.
- But for almost everyone that leads to the next question, “Where in the world is Moldova?
- If you want to visit other parts of the country, and you should, it is not too expensive to hire an English-speaking person complete with driver to act as driver and guide.
But even with all of the fun, she’s going to on a regular basis bear in mind what really matters in life and keep earnest about every little thing that has to do with relationships and family. There’s an opinion that people develop such qualities with age, but that is moreover not the case with Moldova women. The asian a part of Europe has been a motherland to incredibly beautiful Moldova women who’re incredibly often recognized for unparalleled charisma and unimaginable seems to be. These ladies embrace loads of love of their hearts and they’re willing to share it with you. When you begin to check how to marry a Moldovan female you should make sure which you do it in a way that is traditional. It is important to what the lifestyle expects one to perform before you try to get into a marriage having a miro.
You should discuss each other’s personal philosophies towards family and what her desires are for the future. When you are dating a Moldovan woman or meeting one online it’s very important that you are clear about what you want in a woman.. Because the country is so poor it is not too expensive to visit Moldova; however, it is not necessarily as easy a place to get to as mostother countries in Eastern Euro. This is one of the first reasons why European men are looking for wives in this region. They are brought up in the strict conditions and with the right family values. They learn and develop as individuals, but remain quiet, calm and appeasable wives.. Unlike Romanians, a high percentage of Moldovans have an ethnically mixed family background.
As yet not known Factual Statements About Moldovan Women Made Known
Moldova wives have a reputation for being loyal and dedicated to their companions. Women from Eastern Europe, normally, have a status of the best wives..
What Is Moldovan Women?
If after reading this article you have made up your mind to find Moldova bride, you have huge chances to do this. Just be a little bit more active and create your account on one of the website for dating and marriage. Specify as many criteria as you really have, otherwise you will have few pages of profiles with pretty ladies. Any new relations influences life in some way, even if you are denying this fact still women change our usual lifestyle greatly. As for Moldavian girls, they can add emotional positivity to your life. They bring such a positive energetics to every story and it is noticeable right away after the first greeting.
Obtaining Permission From The Country In Which You Wish To Marry Or Enter Into A Registered Partnership.
The asian component to Europe is a motherland to incredibly amazing Moldova women who are incredibly quite often recognized to get unparalleled charisma and incredible looks. These women funny post include a lot of love in their hearts and maybe they are willing to reveal it with you.. It just takes some effort to locate them and once that’s out of the way your online dating journey may begin.
Besides foodstuffs, which are partially home-grown, all products are imported. These types of commercial activities are flourishing because of market liberalization and the economic downturn. Expectations of Moldovan Women’s They look guys from the west part of the world.
It is great to meet folks online however to take the connection ahead a real life meeting is required , it is best too not leave that first assembly for to long both. Then lets look where Moldova really is in Europe , as you’ll be able to see in Google Maps Moldova is located in Central Europe bordering Romania and Ukraine a small country with a population of under four million. It is going to be vital for her to acquire all top-of-the-line for her youngsters. Effortlessly, it will require a person who not solely shares such disposition even so also can be able to current his kids with the longer term they should have. In the event you acknowledge this sort of an individual in your self, it makes sense to choose your eyes to Moldova brides pertaining to marriage.
This is due to the decent education system in Moldova which is responsible for many young people being able to communicate in Russian and English alike. Moldova has skilled a sharp downturn in its financial system all through the last ten years. In 1998, the gross home product was 35 p.c of the 1989 stage, and the state is unable to pay pensions and salaries on time.ARLINGTON, Va. – The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) says it screened more travelers on the day before Thanksgiving than any day since March 16, around the time the COVID-19 pandemic hit the U.S.
TSA spokesperson Lisa Farbstein announced on Twitter Thursday that the administration screened 1,070,967 people at its checkpoints nationwide on Wednesday.
“It's the highest volume since March 16 and only the 4th time passenger throughput has topped 1 million since that date,” wrote Farbstein.
Still, air travel is significantly down, compared to in 2019. Last year, TSA says 2,602,631 people were screened on Thanksgiving eve. That’s more than double the amount screened this year.
As coronavirus cases spike throughout the country, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is advising not to travel to visit loved ones this Thanksgiving. Officials want Americans to avoid spreading the coronavirus, especially to those most vulnerable, like the elderly.
Instead, the CDC is suggesting that Americans should stay home and celebrate turkey day with the people they live with.
"Gatherings with family and friends who do not live with you can increase the chances of getting or spreading COVID-19 or the flu," the CDC says.About the Project
Sustainable and Educational Cities is a platform aimed at the social transformation and sustainable development in some of the most impoverished regions of Brazil through a combination of specially designed management and planning strategies, social entrepreneurship, and evaluation programs. The Centro Popular de Cultura e Desenvolvimento or CPCD, based in Araçuaí, has worked closely with the Banco do Brasil Foundation and other organizations in developing projects there since 1989.
The platform relies on partnerships among government, community initiatives, the Banco do Brasil Foundation, and other organizations in a holistic, grass-roots approach to a range of issues facing such regions. The “sustainable city”at Araçuaí, a key city in Minas Gerais state, is an example of the convergence of efforts to house 40,000 people using bio-construction techniques such as super-adobe, dry-toilets, seed production, food forest, processing of used kitchen oil, and others.>
Cat designed by
Gilad Aharoni
Photo by Gilad Aharoni
Stray cats strutting...
Cat - Step-by-step instructions for how to fold Gilad Aharoni's cool Cat. Gilad's cat is one of my favorite felines!
The PDF diagram can be downloaded from Gilad Aharoni's website:
Level: Intermediate. Includes inside and outside reverse folds and a closed
sink.Save PNG EPS. giveaway blue gift box design with abstract word tag for social media post or banner design. 1200*1200. Save PNG EPS. open gift box birthday with colorful confetti vector. 4801*4801. Save PNG PSD. christmas corner decoration with golden deer gift box tree branch and snowflake transparent background…
Transparent Box. When using the opacity property to add transparency to the background of an element, all of its child elements inherit the same transparency. This can make the text inside a fully transparent element hard to read: opacity 1. opacity 0.6. opacity 0.3.
Box Vectors. Craft cardboard box container with clear white label template. Two empty closed and open packing boxes, box mockup on white background. Work hard play hard..
Make photo backgrounds transparent. 1. Upload your image as a PNG or JPG. 2. Remove the image's background. 3. Download your transparent PNG image. Give yourself a clean slate. Get rid of busy backgrounds or distracting elements in your image, and clear the way for new background colors..
5. PSD files. MISC, PACKAGING. Free candle mockup. Completely new mockup this time, a single candle presentation in few different sets. Frontal and upper set, with and without lighted knot. Just set your colors, paste you design and the perfect presentation is ready. 6. PSD files..
Wide range of retail and gift packaging - wholesale stock boxes, paper bags, tins, wrap, ribbon and accessories. We also specialize in face masks
Remove background in almost no time. Being equipped with sophisticated AI technologies, Removal.AI is a fully automated background remover, you can now remove the background in just a few seconds. Automatically detect objects. Clear & Smooth cutout edges. ….
custom gift boxes. build and beautify your brand with custom packaging boxes. featured products [ clear lid ] white sliding gift box - 25pcs. rm 99.50 white premier shirt box - pack of 10. rm 95.00 [ window large rectangle ] white premier gift box - pack of 10. rm 155.00 ....
Wallpaper Background. 159 152 23. New Year Christmas Xmas. 183 284 30. Web Map Flat Design. 134 190 22. Peafowl Peacock . 133 169 26. Towels Blue Turquoise..
Set your background to white, and download your design. Pick PNG as the file type, and tick the Transparent background box. This is a premium Canva feature..
30-10-2013· Use of Transparency in Website Design, Examples. Inspiration • Websites Examples Nataly Birch • October 30, 2013 • 6 minutes READ . The transparency has become widely popular among web developers after the CSS managed to provide developers with essential tools that are responsible for controlling this feature.
The template design with the image of decorated gift box is looking awesome and suitable for multipurpose template designs. The presentations crafted to discuss the events like Christmas, wedding, engagement, birthday or any other happy event of life can place this template design in the background …
Online tool to make image transparent. Easily make the background of your image transparent for ...There’s no shortage of mid-size sedan choices, but a few automakers have done a good job of making their options stand out.
Among those are the Mazda 6, with its sporty demeanor, and the Subaru Legacy, with its standard all-wheel drive.
Those two generally fly under the radar compared to the popular (and deservedly so) Honda Accord, Toyota Camry, and Ford Fusion.
Get FREE Dealer Quotes
From dealers near youBurning the Flag: A Brief History of a Controversial Issue
Overview
This class will discuss flag desecration in U.S. history, including instances when Americans burned, trampled, spit on, and tore the national symbol. Drawing on little-known cases from the Civil War, World War 1, and Vietnam, and–in the wake of the presidential election of 2016–Dr. Jonathan W. White will elucidate some of the reasons that Americans showed disrespect for the American flag, and how the state and federal governments responded. While many Americans are familiar with the landmark Supreme Court case Texas v. Johnson (1989), which held that flag burning was a constitutionally protected free speech right, the history of flag burning is far more interesting than that one famous case.
Recommended Reading:
Flag Burning and Free Speech: The Case of Texas v. Johnson, by Robert Goldstein
Desecrating the American Flag: Key Documents of the Controversy from the Civil War to 1995, by Robert Goldstein
Emancipation, the Union Army, and the Reelection of Abraham Lincoln, by Jonathan W. White
Discussion Questions:
1. Should flag burning be considered protected symbolic speech or is it an act that can be punished?
2. Why and how have views about the American flag changed over time?
3. Is the flag a unique and special symbol deserving of special protection?
Write a ReviewAbstract
We aim to review the current epidemiology of nodding syndrome (NS) and discuss relevant gaps in research. NS and convulsive epilepsy of unknown aetiology are clustered within the same villages and families in onchocerciasis endemic areas. They are therefore potentially different clinical expressions of the same disease. It has been difficult to perform full autopsies on NS patients who die in remote villages. Adequate fixation of tissue immediately after death is critical for the examination of brain tissue. Therefore post-mortem transsphenoidal brain biopsies, performed immediately after death by trained nurses, will provide the best option for obtaining tissue for analysis. We suspect that certain blackflies in onchocerciasis endemic areas may transmit a novel pathogen that could cause NS and epilepsy. This is supported by a recent drop in the number of new NS cases coinciding with vector control activities aimed at reducing blackfly populations in northern Uganda. We propose that metagenomic studies of human samples, blackflies and microfilariae are conducted in order to screen for pathogens, and that a clinical trial is planned to evaluate the impact of larviciding against NS and epilepsy epidemics. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.
Keywords
- Infectious diseases
- Parasitology
- Nodding syndrome
- River blindness
- Onchocerciasis
- Onchocerca volvulus
- Epilepsy
- Vectors
- Blackflies
- Simulium
- Epidemiology
- Etiology
- Research needs
- Recommendations
- Biopsy
- TissueNews Story
Ghodssi gives distinguished lecture on devices for gastrointestinal health at EPFL in Switzerland
Professor Reza Ghodssi (ECE/ISR) gave a distinguished lecture on “Micro/Nano/Biotechnology Device Integration for Addressing Gastrointestinal Health” at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EFPL) in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Feb. 11. The talk was broadcast live to universities across Switzerland.
Ghodssi spoke about ongoing innovations in micro- and nano-electronics and emerging next-generation integrated devices that can sample and sense GI fluids, providing real-time monitoring of biochemical and bacterial behavior and its impact on GI cancer development and gut-brain signaling. The research group of which he is a member is developing and integrating new technologies into ingestible capsule systems for in vivo navigation and biochemical sensing of GI contents. This includes hybrid packaging strategies for sampling select GI regions through integrating microelectronics modules for wireless transmission of sensor signals to mobile receivers.
Members of this research group include Pamela Abshire (ECE/ISR), Bill Bentley (BioE/Fischell Institute), Derek Paley (AE/ISR, ISR-affiliated Behtash Babadi (ECE), Gary Rubloff (MSE/ISR), Ritu Agrawal (Smith School of Business) and others. There are a total of 28 faculty conducting research and educational activities across five academic institutions, including Johns Hopkins University, the University of Maryland School of Medicine, Northeastern University, and Morgan State University, with the University of Maryland being the lead institution.
Both EFPL and Imperial College London are among the international academic partners of the research group.
While in Switzerland, Ghodssi also visited the Wyss Center to give a presentation on the University of Maryland’s Brain and Behavior Initiative. To conclude his trip, Ghodssi met with colleagues in the Center for Bio-inspired Technology at the Imperial College London.
Published March 7, 2019Everyone needing a surety bond wants a reliable and reputable surety bond company. There are many surety bond agencies with good online presence, but to find out the most reliable surety bond agency, one should consider the following things:
1. Easy access
The turnaround times of all surety agencies are different. Make sure the company that you are selecting has a fast turnaround time so that you can move ahead quickly with your project.
2. Make sure they work in your location
Before going with any surety bond agency, make sure that the company is licensed to issue surety bonds in your state.
3. Ensure the surety works with small and large businesses
Before deciding on a surety bond company, ensure that the company has experience with working with similar businesses.
4. Customer service
Customer service is an important element that makes a surety bond agency reliable and easy to work with. Make sure that the bond company you go with has a great customer service.
5. Check the track record
Check the experience of the company and ensure you go with a company with proven track records. It is always safe to go with a surety company that is reliable and has a good reputation among other surety bond agencies.I am not sure if this video has made its rounds on the blogs yet, if not, let me be the first to say that Fred Phelps does not speak for all Christians. In fact, I personally do not know of a single Christian that thinks and acts the way that he does.
Alright look, yes homosexuality is a sin. There I said it, however, there is NO biblical or moral reason to elevate this one sin above all other sins. Lying is a sin. Lust is a sin. Not loving your neighbor is a sin. I do not see the people from Westboro Baptist Church (WBC) holding up picket signs about these sins. Why not? Why are these people so one sided and out of balance?
We need to stand up for biblical truth. All Christians agree on this. However, we need to be as gentle as doves and as wise as serpents (Matthew 10:16). The people from WBC do not show either of these qualities. They are not gentle. I mean come on, picketing people's funerals. Talk about bad timing. And they are not wise. Using inflammatory language about homosexuals is not wise. All it does it put up walls and closes lines of communication.
Watch this video to see Fred Phelps being unwise and ungentle.
Monday, January 28, 2008
On the Death of Heath Ledger
Posted by Josh Walker
I think that Phelps is what we in the Reformed world call a "douchebag."
Let me follow up my last comment with one subject for serious consideration; that is, churches which make their mission one of eliminating sin from society without addressing humanity's core problem.
This is precisely happen in a vaccuum. It happens when others minister to you and bring you the Gospel in a way which reflects Christ's own approach as well as that of the apostles.
Maybe the Phelps approach reflects some of the Old Testament prophets, but when I hear Phelps preach that God hates everyone, and God hates fags, and God hates America, I can't see any good news. What is the good news in knowing that God hates me? It might lead to my asking how to know if God loves me, and that might lead to salvation, but teaching people to white wash themselves just puts them closer to perdition, as far as I'm concerned. Unless I'm N.T. Wright, of course.
Was that jab at N.T. necessary? I mean really...come on man, step up your game!!
:)
I thought about removing it before clicking "publish," but I couldn't bear the thought. It just worked too well! Although I admittedly have never read any of Wright's books (even the non-controversial ones), and I still haven't finished The Future of Justification, so I can be easily corrected with the slightest citation.
Adam,
Your humility here is breath taking.
:P.
Listen Fred, Paul has a word for you:
You are severed from Christ, you who would be justified by the law; you have fallen away from grace.Watch this video about choosing the right personal injury lawyer in Florida. Then contact Paul Boone Law for a free legal consultation and case evaluation.
Question:
How do I choose the right personal injury attorney?
Answer: or a loved one been injured because of someone else and have questions about choosing the right personal injury lawyer? Contact experienced Florida personal injury lawyer at Paul Boone Law today for a free consultation and case evaluation.(CARBONDALE, IL) — An early Sunday morning shooting in Carbondale is currently under investigation. At 1:40 a.m. on Sunday, police from Carbondale received a report of a gunshot inside of the Hollywood Lounge. A victim arrived at a Murphysboro hospital a short time later for treatment of non-life-threatening injuries. Police report that the victim had no affiliation with SIU or from Carbondale. At this time, no other information has been released. Authorities ask those with any information in regard to this shooting to contact the Carbondale Police Department at 618-457-3200 or the Crime Stoppers at 549-2677.By Paul Nicholson
September 8 – The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) has been forced to step in to protect the integrity and rights of its commercial partners following reported incidents concerning BeIN Sports having had their coverage of the Saudi Arabia vs Japan World Cup coverage disrupted.
The facts of the dispute are far from clear with differing stories coming out of the region, however the incidents were deemed serious enough for the AFC to issue a statement saying it had initiated investigations following “reports of breaches of regulations” at the matches.
With the backdrop of the Saudi and UAE blockade of Qatar, the AFC in the weeks preceding the match had emphasised the importance of their commercial rights contracts and the regulations that host nations have agreed to abide by in order to fulfil those competition commitments.
BeIN Sports believes their rights have been infringed in an explosive row that threatens to become more politically driven than football based.
While BeIN Sports claim that one of their reporters was excluded from covering the match, the Saudi Arabian Football Federation issued a statement saying that that no media were excluded from covering the match with Japan, including the BeIN Sports reporter.”
The AFC has Senior Vice President Praful Patel from India to conduct “a comprehensive review of the allegations of regulation breaches as a commitment to the AFC’s drive for ever-improved integrity throughout the sport in Asia.”
In a statement the AFC said Patel “has been asked by AFC President Shaikh Salman bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa to oversee issues in West Asia to avoid any potential conflict of interest and demonstrate model governance, said that the AFC will now gather all relevant reports.”
This will involve taking depositions from the match commissioners, the member associations, AFC staff and commercial partners and agents.
“It is vital to the reputation of the AFC that it continues to uphold the highest standard of integrity as laid out in the AFC’s Vision and Mission objectives. They state clearly that the AFC will ensure its competitions, matches and the conduct of its people conform to the highest ethical and sporting standards,” said Patel.
“Integrity stretches beyond the action on the field to also protecting the rights of our broadcast and commercial partners, and enforcing the AFC rules and regulations which govern matches played under its jurisdiction.
Contact the writer of this story at moc.l1637977442labto1637977442ofdlr1637977442owedi1637977442sni@n1637977442osloh1637977442cin.l1637977442uap16379774422 dead after tractor-trailer hits car on I-85 in N. Carolina
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Two people were killed when a tractor-trailer carrying mail on Interstate 85 crashed into a car stuck in the middle of the roadway, according to the N.C. State Highway Patrol.
The patrol said a car crashed just after 2 a.m. Wednesday and stopped in one of the middle lanes of I-85 south near Billy Graham Parkway in Charlotte, news outlets reported.
Around 2:15 a.m., a tractor-trailer crashed into the stopped vehicle on the interstate. Officials hadn’t identified the victims as of Tuesday evening. Medical personnel said a third person was taken to the hospital with life-threatening injuries.
The U.S. Postal Service said mail was scattered across the interstate, but it was retrieved, transferred to another truck and taken to a postal facility to be processed.Fig. 1
From: Hsa_circ_0003159 inhibits gastric cancer progression by regulating miR-223-3p/NDRG1 axis
The expression of hsa_circ_0003159 is decreased in GC. a The expression of hsa_circ_0003159 was detected in GC tissues and normal tissues (n = 55) by qRT-PCR. b, c Overall survival (b) and disease-free survival (c) of patients were analyzed according to the expression of hsa_circ_0003159. HR hazards ratio, CI confidence interval. d The level of hsa_circ_0003159 was detected in GC cell lines (NUGC-3, AGS, HS-746T and N87) and normal GES-1 cells by qRT-PCR. e The expression levels of hsa_circ_0003159 and CACNA2D1 were detected in NUGC-3 and AGS cells after treatment of RNase R or not by qRT-PCR. f The abundance of hsa_circ_0003159 was examined in NUGC-3 and AGS cells by qRT-PCR, with U6 and 18S rRNA as internal controls for nuclear and cytoplasm, respectively. *P < 0.05Gastrointestinal Haemorrhage
Gastrointestinal haemorrhage or GI bleed refers to the all forms of bleeding in the digestive tract from the oral cavity to the rectum. When there is frequent blood loss for a short period of time, symptoms may include vomiting red blood, vomiting black blood, bloody stool, or black stool. Bleeding over a long time may leads to anemia resulting in tiredness and chest pain. Other indications may include abdominal pain, shortness of breath, pale skin, or passing out. The area of bleeding in the GIT may be determined by using Endoscopy.
- Esophageal inflammation
- Aortoenteric Fistula
- Angiodysplasia
Related Conference of Gastrointestinal Haemorrhage
Gastrointestinal HaemorrhageOil and Gas sector agreements being double checked to ensure that they are in country’s best interest-Minister Harmon
DPI/GINA, GUYANA, Friday, June 30, 2017
Key government and other officials are currently engaged in discussions and review of all of the agreements and arrangements that have been put in place, with respect to the country’s preparation for the oil and gas sector in 2020. These include arrangements for the creation of the Sovereign Wealth Fund and agreements such the Oil and Gas Local Content Policy.
Minister of State, Mr. Joseph Harmon.
Minister of State Joseph Harmon explained that the tabletop review came out of a meeting in which His Excellency (H.E) President David Granger appointed a team of Ministers together with the Government’s Advisor on Oil and Gas, Dr. Jan Mangal to report on all issues relating to the sector to Cabinet. The Ministers of Government that form part of the team are the Ministers of Natural Resources, Finance, Public Infrastructure, Business and State.
The table top review is to allow for Cabinet to make decisions about the sector that are in “the best interest of all Guyanese,” Minister Harmon said, at the post-Cabinet press briefing at the Ministry of the Presidency, today.
The Minister explained that to support the review, the team has held extensive consultations with several entities. He noted that during the course of this week, Dr. Mangal and the government officials also met a team of officials from the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) of the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) on the request of the President.
“We are basically at this point, of accepting advice but ultimately we would have to come up with what is the best practice, and what is in the best interest of the people of Guyana,” the Minister said.
He noted there are several statements that are being made, some by Venezuela with respect to role of ExxonMobil in Guyana. The Minister reiterated that Guyana is a sovereign nation, “and we will make decisions that are in the best interest of the people of Guyana.”
He said that in moving forward and making decisions, the government is taking consideration of all the historical issues with respect to the oil and gas industry including some of ExxonMobil’s past actions. “We are taking note of all that is being said…and as a government. We have no issues with persons that are actually bring up information, for the benefit of the Guyanese people”, the minister said.
He assured that, the government in its continued engagement with ExxonMobil and other foreign companies, will continue to seek out a wealth of technical and experiences in the area of oil and gas.
The Minister said that whilst Dr. Mangal is currently advising the team reviewing the decision of the sector, the government and the Ministry of Natural Resources’ in-house capacities will be augmented by the available international resources, as the country move forward with its negotiations. “From time to time, we will identify leading experts in the field of law, environment and other negotiating skills, which we would put to use for the benefit of the people,” the Minister emphasised.
By: Macalia SantosRepost from: Burnaby Mountain on FB: RCMP arrests 24 on Burnaby Mountain; Caretakers call for ongoing solidarity presence, say “This pipeline will not be built” […]
Tag: land
Land is Life vids!
Hey, if you missed the land is life event last december and want to check them out, someone kindly posted vids! Kleco Wendy Navaa Smolash […]$499.99 $299.99
Includes:
Worldwide Access
Manual Download
3 Month Access
Theory Study
Step by Step Lessons
Video Tutorials
Certification upon Completion
Access to our Closed student Instagram page
Free Lash Biz Guide (upon availability)
Kit not included but can be purchased here.
This beginners online course will educate you in Classic Eyelash Extensions.
There are no reviews yet.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Your review *
Name *
Notify me of new posts by email.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Does your dog have terrible door manners?
* Do you have a hard time when people come to the door?
* Does your dog constantly try to bolt out of the door and run away, every time you open it?
* Do they jump up all over the person who comes to the door?
10 Easy Steps to Stop Door Dashing
With some practice and consistency, your dog can have fantastic door manners. The PAWS Training Group offers a FREE eBook titled 10 Easy Steps to Stop Door Dashing. This eBook was written by a professional with 23-years of experience training dogs and people. Let her knowledge work for you!
* Would you like your dog to sit patiently at the door while you open it?
* Would you like your dog to learn door manners?
* Do you want your dog to stay in the house when you open any of your doors?Paperback, Published in Dec 2007 by America Star Books
Page count: 74
Joyce dreamed shead be married atill death do you part.a Her husband had other plans, leaving her for a new love. Feeling utterly devastated, alone and too old for any future happiness, Joyce took the easy way out: Suicide. Little did she suspect that the peace she sought in eternal rest was not to be, as she joined three other souls in a place not of this world. All were present for diverse reasons, forced to learn from a heavenly guide where they went wrong in their livesa]and whether they would ever leave the pure white room. Life, Death, Heaven, Hella]and someplace in between. Welcome to The Suicide Room.
SEARCHING FOR PRICES...Remembering Claudia Hoffberg, Who Bombed Berkeley
Claudia Hoffberg of Kensington – a prolific artist, loyal friend, loyal partner, loving sister, aunt, daughter and godmother – died on August 21 at the age of 62.
Born in Rochester, New York, Claudia graduated in ceramics from the School of American Craftsman in Rochester and the California College of Arts and Crafts in Oakland. She opened a ceramics studio right out of college and for 15 years exhibited and sold her ceramics in numerous galleries and stores across the country including the Craft and Folk Art Museum, the Virginia Brier Gallery, Neiman Marcus and 300 others.
She has always studied and practiced different art forms, and in her early thirties transformed her ceramics workshop into a fiber workshop. She dyed and spun wool by hand, wove intricate tapestries, knitted, felted, dolled up and explored many other forms of textile art. She has taught these skills to hundreds of students at her Deep Color studio in Kensington. She has also performed clandestine acts of street art under the name Street color and unofficially planted wire bombs outside museums. She wrote: “I think of shelling the wire in a museum like throwing a ball and seeing if anyone is going to play. Street art is a big part of the contemporary art scene, so I put it near a museum and see if they see street art as something they are interested in.
She has also been invited to exhibit her art in museums, including the San José Art Museum, the Sonoma Valley Art Museum, the Oakland Museum, the Contemporary Jewish Museum Sukkah Studio and the DeYoung Museum.
His last pleasure was drawing, as evidenced by his dozens of notebooks filled with landscapes, portraits and pastries.
Many in the Bay Area have seen his street art on bicycle rack:
On BART:
On the fences:
Hanging on to bakeries (she loved bakeries!):
She bombed the entire state, including Mendocino, where she was the fiber artist in residence at the Mendocino Art Center in 2017:
And in Paris, France:
The press was fascinated by this art form and many articles have been written about her and her stealthy assistant The Russian. Berkeleyside covered her with half a dozen stories.
Why the wire bombardment? As she wrote on her blog, “I really like the idea that people bump into art on the street when they are just in their normal life, that art is ordinary but provocative and beautiful.” She went on to explain that “it flips the idea that art should be inside a gallery judged by experts. By putting it in the street, it breaks the barriers of what is art.
When she was invited to be the artist in residence at De Young Museum in San Francisco for the month of December 2014, she wanted to mesh an outdoor wire bomb next to her art exhibit. And she wanted to teach museum visitors how to create felt flowers and included their work as part of the evolving exhibit.
She gathered encyclopedic knowledge about something, practiced it obsessively, and then shared that knowledge with others. Whether it’s spinning, knitting, felting, kayaking (she taught UC Cal Adventures for 10 years), Breema bodywork or, quite simply, how to live. She loved the job of learning something new, that’s how she was able to master so many different art forms. She wrote, “I love the process of being bad at something and improving steadily. A lot of people hate “being bad at first” so much that they don’t want to learn new skills. But you can’t improve if you don’t start off badly.
Claudia loved to teach and often incorporated an educational or interactive element into her exhibitions. She wanted as many people as possible to make art. His main focus and his joy were art. In her studio, Deep Color, in Kensington, she has taught hundreds of people different aspects of artistic creation. Many of his students have said that their lives have been changed dramatically by his guidance.
So did his friends and family, who all felt the incredible impact his generous and brilliant ideas had on their lives. And most of all, it’s the way she lived her life that inspired us all. As she wrote, “It’s an amazing thing to go ahead and do what you want to do. Very energizing. Why not?”
Claudia is survived by her partner of 22 years, Josh Baxter; her father David (Gwen) Hoffberg; his brothers Kevin (Eddy) Hoffberg and Eric (Leah) Hoffberg; her niece and nephews, Emily, Jake and Jace; and his goddaughter, Penny Armstrong.Place your order now for a similar assignment and have exceptional work written by our team of experts, At affordable rates
For This or a Similar Paper Click To Order Now.
Sample Reflective Essa’y.docx
Sample Reflective Essa’y_Sage.docx
Sample Reflective Essa’y_DJ.docx.
For This or a Similar Paper Click To Order Now Secures Fastest Speed Saturday, Set for Sunday Fast Nine Shootout
Topics
:
Ed Carpenter
,
Indianapolis 500
Carpenter Secures Fastest Speed Saturday, Set for Sunday Fast Nine Shootout
Tom Blattler
Ed Carpenter Racing
May 17, 2014
Microsoft Word version
Ed ran 230.661 mph for four laps Saturday.
May 17th 2014 - INDIANAPOLIS – Ed Carpenter grew up playing in the infield of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Saturday the Verizon IndyCar Series’ only team owner and driver had fun competing at the famed 2.5-mile oval.
Going fast is fun for Ed. The Butler University graduate jumped to the top of the speed charts twice Saturday in the opening round of qualifications for the 98th running of the Indianapolis 500-Mile Race. But Ed secured the No. 1 spot at 4:45 p.m. Saturday with a four-lap average of 230.661 miles per hour.
Carpenter, the 2013 Indy 500 pole winner, will go after his second consecutive No. 1 Indy 500 starting position Sunday at 2 p.m. EDT in the popular Fast Nine Shootout.
In Saturday morning, Carpenter again showed the speed of his No. 20 Fuzzy’s Ultra Premium Vodka Chevrolet by taking the top spot with a clocking of 230.114 m.p.h. for four laps. He held the No. 1 slot until Will Power made his second qualifying attempt with 230.323 reading.
Carpenter wasn’t sure if he should go again on Saturday but conditions changed with cooler temperatures. So Ed decided to hit the track with the improved conditions and it paid off.
Carpenter’s four laps were 230.602, 230.863, 230.647 and 230.530 for the average of 230. 661 as he enters Sunday’s nine-driver run for the coveted $100,000 Verizon P1 pole. Second on Saturday went Carlos Munoz, Helio Castroneves, James Hinchcliffe and Power. Carpenter’s ECR teammate, J.R. Hildebrand, also advanced to the Fast Nine Shootout set for 2 p.m. Sunday.
"It’s stressful qualifying here so the less you have to do it, the better,” said Carpenter. "We thought we had a little more in the car after this morning. The conditions are good and people seem to be going quicker. We just didn’t want to get down to a position where we were in trouble and run out of time. I was hoping that I would only have to qualify once today, but it turned out we had to do it twice, just for security. I’m really happy that both of our cars made it in (the Fast Nine) I think it was an exciting day to have five teams represented in the Top Nine. That’s more than what I had expected at the start of the day, so I think that’s good for the Speedway and the Series. It should be exciting.”
Connect with The Crittenden Automotive LibraryFoundation Repair Customer Testimonial from Ana P. in Rolling Hills Estates, CA
I just have to say your guys are AMAZING!!! They work really hard, no chit chat, do their job, clean up each day and stack and prepare everything on Thursday ready to start work on Monday.
Not only my neighbors have noticed but even people that do their daily walk in the neighborhood have all sung their praises to me.
- Ana P. of Rolling Hills Estates, CA
Tuesday, June 25th
Tuesday, June 25th
Marine
Related Post; ore mineral processing plant 100 200 capacity. stone crushing plant 100-200 capacity miningbmw Home > Stone > stone crushing plant 100-200 capacity. ...Contact us
The Stone Crushing Plant Of Our Company Mainly,[email protected] Greatwallcrusher,Fed Into Jaw Crusher Through Vibrating Feeder For Primary Crushing;,100 400 Tph Impact Stone Crusher Prodiction 5. Impact Stone Crusher Prodiction 5. Parametros Del Modelo Trituradora De Carbon Complete Stone Crushing Plant Great Wall Crusher South Africa ...Contact us inContact us
CPC Stone Crusher Plant, Capacity: Upto 200 Tph, Rs The cost advantages of JawJaw plants are commonly known However, poor plant design/execution often leads to breakdowns and loss in productivity CPC offers preengineered/modular stone crusher plants in a JawJaw combination CPC effectively overcomes the shortcomings of the traditional JawJaw PlantContact us
Outotec is a frontrunner in sustainable minerals processing technologies, end-to-end solutions and services globally. The company helps aggregates, mining, metals refining and recycling customers improve efficiency, productivity and reduce risks. Read more on Outotec …Contact us
2021-5-27 · About crusher mining machinery company profile shanghai machinery co ltd is a professional crusher supplier and manufacturer which can supply you stone crusher or rock view details send enquiry crushing co machinery machinery co granite tin ore crushing line. Shanghai Machinery Co Ltd ...Contact us
Gravel Crusher Plant India Sri Lanka, Easy assembly mobile crushing line at sri lanka.Tin ore processing plant stone makingmachine for sri lanka200tph hard aggregate crushing production line in sri lanka it iseasy for mobile crushing station to travel on ordinary roads and the rugged roads.High
Stone Crushing Machine Sand gravel screening machine Michigan Aggregate Machinery. ...Contact us
Usado Plantas Triturador De Pedra Para Venda Líbia. Nl. Trituradores De Rolo Tph Carvo De Mm A Mm Triturador De Pedra Pozzolan De 200 Tph 100 120 Tph Triturador De Pedra Planta Triturador Para, 4 Mar 2016 100 Pozzolana Crusher 200 Tph Price Used 10 15 20 25 Tph Mobile Crushing Britador Secundario Essa Nepal Pedreira Triturador De Pedra Para VendaContact us
Stone Crushing Machine-A List of All Stone Crushers Fote. Stone Crushing Machines produced by FTM mainly include jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, mobile crushing plant, etc. Roll crusher is suitable for the coarse and medium crushing of various materials such as cement, building material, and coal mines and it is very. get priceContact us
Chinese St Ne Crushing .Contact us
multifonction diwell portable grinding machine pdf. explore our products here. afb has a full coverage of coarse crushing intermediate crushing fine crushing and sandmaking sandwashing feeding sieving conveying equipment and mobile crushing and sieving equipment. ... sanding master sandstone crushing production line stone crusher unit ...ContactContact us.Contact us
Crusher Plant 150T /H With Generator 500 Kw – Best . …Contact us
2021-4-27 ·
LippmannMilwaukee Rock Crushers Aggregate Processing . We offer a full line of outstanding and reliable aggregate crushing equipment for every material processing appliion. Call 8005305394 to find out more. LippmannMilwaukee jaw crushers have a legacy of unmatched quality and dependability. Tph Crusher Unit Suppliers Pakistan. Learn MoreContact .Contact scale production line. Lubrication System For Cone Crusher In AlgeriaContact us
100tph construction waste Mobile crushing line in Wuhan, China. Place of use: Wuhan, Hubei Province, China . Equipment: KF1214Ⅱ-3. Processed material: construction waste. Capacity: 100 tph. Using Time: Since December, 2015Contact us
sea crusher 282 key imaveracruz sea crusher crack in malaysia is manufactured from Shanghai XuanshiIt is the main mineral crack seafight sea crusher 282 Get Price sea crusher cracked in nittendorf bayern germany sea crusher 2 8 crack crack serial keygen Crack DataBase for …Contact us
500th Large Limestone Production Line. Limestone is mainly composed of calcium carbonate (CaCO3), MO''s Hardness 3 degrees. The limestone particles or powders can be used in building materials, road construction, metallurgy, chemical and other industries after crushing or grinding.Contact us
2021-5-15 · Stone Crusher Machine Price In Nepal. Iron ore crusher orissa iron ore crusher units in orissa what is the tph crusing india list of manufacturers of 200tph stone above 200 tph stone crushing plant list in orissa get price send email stone crusher unit in odisha caneicoza sales inquiry stone crusher unit in odisha odisha iron crusher units onlinedlwinternship readContact us
2021-4-17 · Stone crusher plant in turkey customer case jaw crusher,stone crusher machine In nigeria felona mining machine. customer case granite crushing line in russia related equipments vibrating feeder jaw crusher the th sand production line in turkey is designed in august 2014 and put into use in october tph stone crusherContact ...Contact us
thyssenkrupp is one of the world''s leading full-line suppliers to the cement industry. From raw material preparation to clinker and cement production through to automation solutions, we have a complete range of innovative technologies, processes and machinery. ... Planta móvil de trituración 150-200 tph Constmach Mobile Crushing Plant PI-1 ...Contact us
stone crusher price type 400 x 600 froggit .Contact us
500TPD Cement production process plant line factory price Min. Order: 99 Sets FOB Price: $8,000.00 / Set Copper Mineral Ore Beneficiation Se... Copper Mineral Ore Beneficiation Separator Processing Plant Min. Order: 1 Set FOB Price: $2,600.00 - $40,000.00 / SetContact usHOW TO MAKE THE RIGHT DECISION
At times in our lives, we are faced with life-or-death concerns and decisions about the care of a loved one. The number of decisions we make are enormous, like starting a new job or marriage. Because these are crucial decisions, we must strive to make the right decision. Making the wrong decision has unbelievable consequences. Every decision we make should be first consulting God. He will give us the wisdom and discernment we need. The scripture reference for this devotion is James 1:5 and reads in this manner.
“If you need wisdom, ask our generous God, and He will give it to you. He will not rebuke you for asking.”
In this passage, James wrote about consulting God when we are faced with making a decision. He spoke about faith and endurance in this chapter. He wrote that when we petition God, be sure our faith in Him is strong. Do not waver or be undecided, but trust and depend upon God, who will guide you on the right path. Read this entire chapter when you get a chance. Prayerfully, it will help you in your decision-making. I know it has helped me on more than one occasion. As Pastor, I have had to make many decisions, and when I follow God’s instructions, the decisions have always turned out right. You can never go wrong with God.LSAT
Diagnostic Test
The following diagnostic test is intended to familiarize you with the common areas on the LSAT. This is a three-section model test geared to the format of the LSAT. The actual LSAT contains five 35-minute sections, plus a 35-minute Writing Sample, but only four sections will count toward your score—two Logical Reasoning, one Analytical Reasoning, and one Reading Comprehension.
To help you assess your strengths and weaknesses, answers and explanations are available at the end of the diagnostic test. Additional practice problems are available through the LSAT website at
Copyright BTPS Testing. No part of this practice test may be reproduced, electronically transmitted or photocopied.Ladies Night Out, this coming Monday, July 11th, will be a unique opportunity for women from across the Denver & Boulder Jewish community to sip, schmooze, and create.
Local glass artist, Gayle Adler will demonstrate glass painting on recycled bottles and provide each guest with a bottle and materials while guiding her in creating her own design. These beautiful bottles, make wonderful vases, decanters or beverage pitchers to beautify a windowsill or Shabbat table.
Wine, cold drinks and refreshments will be served. Sushi and other menu items will be available for purchase along with my some of Gayle’s own painted glassware. This is a great night out for mothers, friends and daughters age 11 and over.
The event will take place at the East Side Kosher Deli in Denver (499 South Elm Street) from 7-9pm
The charge for the event is $25 at the door or $18 per person for those that are registered by Sunday July 10th. A special group rate of $15 per person is available for groups of ten or more also registered by Sunday.
Please note that wine will only be served to those over 21
To register for the event, call Gayle Adler at 917-837-5440, or email adlergayle@gmail.com. Guests can also register on Facebook by going to the group, “Judaciuts” and posting your rsvp on the event’s wall. We hope to see you there!Sister Tour
Assisting Puerto Rico
As I think about our water situation here in Flint, Mi. I can’t forget the people of Puerto Rico who’s condition is worse than ours! We are in this together with Black Flag Search and Rescue, Cajun Commissary, Smiling Times and Sail Relief Team! #waterislife #nofilter #thesistertour
10 Best Landing Page Templates [2020] Landing Page And Homepage
What is a landing page, and also what do I use it for? Landing page and homepage. I intend to instruct you concerning landing pages. A landing page is a website with a single concentrated call to action either a sign up kind or a button. Landing page and homepage.
Contests as well as coupons are likewise terrific kinds of the landing pages visitors. These pages usually get here there after clicking a Google or Facebook ad or in a link in a Google search results page. Among the most crucial aspects of a landing page is that has no top bar navigation links suggested to restrict the alternatives offered to your visitors as well as helping them guide them towards the designated called action. Landing page and homepage. Competitions are fantastic method to get new Facebook likes, Twitter fans, traffic to your website and leads by incentivizing them with a prize.
There are various types: the contest from the most basic random draw like a Facebook sweepstakes or to a extremely entailed video contest that has a panel of judges picking the champion, every one of which can be quickly established with contest applications, like Wishponds.
Handing out a product that you sell or store gift card makes certain that the participants are in fact interested in you, that makes it easy to convert them into sales. Landing page and homepage. There are 2 kinds of main landing pages for 2 different objectives: first, click through pages which are meant to sell visitors on a customer service or deal with a value suggestion include photos and information needed to make an informed choice, get them to click; a Call To Action button that directs them to an e-commerce shopping cart, a PayPal payment form or a registration page.
Landing page and homepage. The 2nd lead generation pages. These are used to collect information such as name and also email address on a sign up kind. This enables you to market to and get in touch with your potential customers or leads at a subsequent time. As such, a lead regrowth page will certainly include a type together with a description regarding what you’re going to get in return for submitting information or deciding in. An effective list building page supplies people something for filling in the sign-up type. For example, an e-book, free webinar, discount coupon or free gift – this is whats called a kickback or a lead magnet.
Best Landing Page Templates – Landing Page And Homepage
Today we’re looking at 10 of the absolute best Landing Page templates in 2020. Landing page and homepage. These stylish as well as refined Landing page templates make it quick as well as very and homepage. With the ability to pick from 3 different homepage designs, and its use of the Bootstrap 4 grid system, this website layout is responsive on every device, and ideal for monitoring activity as well as analytics.
Number 9 Tango – Responsive Multi-Purpose Landing Page by Morad. If you’re seeking a method to make your brand or business stick out online, then look no further then Tango. Tango is a Multi-Purpose HTML landing page template with real adaptability as well as personalization.
It is cross browser and multi device compatible, comes with a range of built in sections including Team as well as Portfolio sections, contact forms as well as click through navigation.
Number 8 BeSmart – Premium HTML Template by Epic-Themes. Landing page and homepage. At number 8 today, this modern fully featured HTML template strives to get your target markets interest.
It is cross browser compatible, has a very responsive format as well as working newsletter and also contact forms as well as would certainly be best for any type of kind of website, corporate, business or marketing campaigns.
Number 7 EAGLEEYES – Creative multipages as well as One page HTML5 by MarkhorThemes. Whether you’re a startup firm, innovative company or simply seeking a punchy web based design profile, this eye capturing template is perfect for your requirements.
Landing page and homepage. With smooth animations, vibrant graphics, and also a tidy, easy format, it’s easily customisable to fit your needs, as well as works efficiently throughout all web browsers.
Number 6 Masakini Multipurpose Responsive HTML Template by SpyroPress. Landing page and homepage. If an online store is what you need, then look no further than this sophisticated Landing page template.
With a selection of homepage choices to suit any shop kind, this template also comes loaded with features consisting of integrated picture rates slideshow options, main as well as second navigation menus, adaptable format size as well as multi device compatibility.
Number 5 Zeeko – Landing Page Template by themesdesign. Are you after a tidy and also contemporary landing page for your firm or business? After that look no more than Zeeko! Landing page and homepage. With a modern design, it’s fully responsive, very easy to customize as well as would certainly be perfect for an app product showcase, start-ups, personal websites and also web companies.
Number 4 Bromine – Online Learning Platform HTML5 Template by KL-Webmedia. Landing page and homepage. Bromine is a powerful Learning Management System template that supplies a huge range of different pages and shortcodes to build a innovative website for any type of objective.
Landing Page Example Templates – Landing Page And Homepage
With 3 various Homepage choices its easy to create your own website with this polished template.
Number 3 Bristol – Decor, Furniture eCommerce HTML Template by UnionAgency At number three we have a stunning color obstructed template that easily files as well as organizes your work.
Best Landing Page, Funnel Builder & Website Builder
Landing page and homepage. This tidy and also modern html template would certainly be ideal for use by interior decoration or design companies, imaginative companies variations and also has customizable & adaptable design layouts and widgets.
Number 01 Duduk – Digital Agency HTML Template by deTheme. Landing page and homepage. If you’re seeking to promote on your own or your business with an attention grabbing website, after that look no more than this stylish as well as modern Digital Agency template.
Landing page and homepage. Driven by vibrant colours as well as a clean, contemporary design, this template is cross browser compatible and easy to personalize whilst having flexible images as well as eye capturing typography!
That wraps up the roundup of the 10 Best Landing page templates for 2020. Landing page and homepage..
Residence Improvement Guide That Will Raise Your House’s Value.
You wish to attempt your hand at house renovation, eh? If these concerns increase even more concerns compared to you could respond to, attempt looking at the pointers here.
Deal with the ceiling initially, repainting around the advantages in bands, and also functioning your method right into the. The wall surfaces must be created beginning at the best, as well as functioning downwards in areas.
An excellent house enhancement that will certainly include worth to your residence is to lighten up points up by including lights or skylights. Including recessed illumination to a dim kitchen area or sconces to a dim household space is a superb tactic to lighten up the house.
You could make the surface appearance like brand-new with particularly made items from the house enhancement shop. Do not neglect to choose up a modern-day metal component to switch out the aged.
House enhancement could begin in any type of area of our home. Lots of people prefer to begin with the outdoors and also function their portal. This is considering that remodeling the beyond your property offers an immediate rise to the total worth, while many different indoor tasks do not include a lot.
Including halogen mounted lights installations could include a particularly classy touch to kitchen areas where meals is focal. Mounted lights could be adapted to highlight distinct building components of the cooking area, light up thin china or flower display screens, or attract site visitors’ eyes to the primary offering location throughout intimate supper celebrations.
If it is looking obsoleted, take into consideration switching out the front door to the residence. Mount a brand-new one if the door is in great size however the door knob is obtaining lightweight. This is the very first point that a possible customer is visiting so you wish to ensure that it looks comparable to feasible.
Spot the gaps in your wall surfaces with tooth paste! Yes, this is certainly a momentary hide yet it functions to conceal a hideous opening till you could think of the tools for a much more long-term repair. Usage white tooth paste and also trowel it right into the gap with a butter blade.
A dripping commode could throw away as long as fifty gallons of water in a solitary day. To identify whether your commode has a covert leakage, eliminate the cover of the storage tank and also store merely a couple of declines of tinted color right into the commode’s storage tank, yet do not flush. This shows that you do have a leakage if you discover color permeating right into the commode dish.
Do you now recognize just what makes house renovation, well, house enhancement? Do you find out about the various type of works and also tools now? You have actually checked out as well as comprehend just what it takes to develop the residence of your desires if you now have a suggestion of exactly how to address these inquiries.
You wish to attempt your hand at residence enhancement, eh? A wonderful house renovation that will certainly include worth to your house is to lighten up factors up by including lights or skylights. You could make the surface appearance like brand-new with specifically created items from the residence enhancement hold. House renovation could begin in any sort of space of the home. Do you now recognize just what makes residence renovation, well, house enhancement?Novel info
The Great Ruler
Author:Heavenly Silkworm Potato, Tian Can Tu Dou, 天蚕土豆
Genre:Fantasy, Martial Arts, Action, Adventure, Comedy, Romance, School Life, Xuanhuan
Source:Wuxiaworld, Webnovel
The Great Ruler.
Chapter List
- Characters
- Chapter 1 – Northern Spiritual Academy
- Chapter 2 – The Boy Kicked Out From the Spiritual Road
- Chapter 3 – Mu Territory
- Chapter 4 – The Great Pagoda Art
- Chapter 5 – The Great Thousand World
- Chapter 6 – Spiritual Energy Amplification
- Chapter 7 – Mu Yuan
- Chapter 8 Liu Yang
- Chapter 9 Confrontation
- Chapter 10 – Academy Competition
- Chapter 11 – Tan Qingshan
- Chapter 12 Action
- Chapter 13 – Fighting Against Liu Yang
- Chapter 14 – Spiritual Movement Stage Middle Phase
- Chapter 15 – Spirit Destruction Bead
- Chapter 16 – Heaven Class
- Chapter 17 – Rank 3 Spirit Convergence Array
- Chapter 18 – Foundation
- Chapter 19 – Limitless Death Seal
- Chapter 20 – Seal Formed
- Chapter 21 – Disturbance at the Training Grounds
- Chapter 22 – Might of the Death Seal
- Chapter 23 The True Power of the Limitless Death Seal
- Chapter 24 – Promise
- Chapter 25 – Spiritual Beast’s Soul Essence
- Chapter 26 – Veteran Hunter
- Chapter 27 – Plunder
- Chapter 28 – Cooperation
- Chapter 29 – Jaded Essence Tree
- Chapter 30 – Hunting Apes in Valley
- Chapter 31 – Rouse the Tiger to Eat the Wolf
- Chapter 32 – Spoils of War
- Chapter 33 – Returning to Camp
- Chapter 34 – Liu Ming
- Chapter 35 – The Second Limitless Death Seal
- Chapter 36 – Predicament
- Chapter 37 – Setting a Trap
- Chapter 38 – Revenge Kill
- Chapter 39 – Mustard Seed Bracelet
- Chapter 40 – Result
- Chapter 41 – Cheating
- Chapter 42 – Interception
- Chapter 43 – The Person within the Rain, Ji Zong
- Chapter 44 – Breaking the Array
- Chapter 45 – Nine Nether Bird
- Chapter 46 – Seal
- Chapter 47 – Spiritual Array
- Chapter 48 – Talent
- Chapter 49 – Taking Actionwhat do we offer
Family Photography
From small intimate family photos to all generations in one photo, Trish will will let your personality shine. Custom Concept documents your family’s unique story that allows you to remember the moments for years to come.
Family Memories
Growing families are always a pleasure to shoot. Whether it’s adding a new baby to the group photos, to a special event with all the grandparents, we will find the perfect location to create new memories.
Traditional or Candid
With years of experience, getting the best out of children, no matter the age and attitudes. Whether you are looking for more traditional portraits in the studio or candid shots showing the personality of your clan in the most comfortable way possible.
Kids & Pets
Everyone is part of the family. If you want to dive more into your children or even you furry children, we’d be happy. We specialize in kids photography and pet photography.Last weekend I was one of 175 invited guests to attend the Disney Social Media conference in Walt Disney World. It is a great event each year that always leaves me brushing off the pixie dust the following week. If you are interested in my business-y analysis of the event, I wrote this fancy article for the Weber Shandwick site (my employer), but if you want the usual stupid Marcy musing- see below ; )
As usual, my standard take-photo-of-outfit-in-mirror-before-walking-out-the-door photo. When I returned, I found out that my brush must have been cold-since it put on a brush-kimono while I was out. Here I am on the balcony of my room- which over looked tennis courts. Yeah, come to Disney World and you play tennis for fun? Unless you are Venus Williams- you better not. I waited to heckle the first person I saw- but none came.
Best centerpiece ever- was this Rayovac plug in thing. So smart and awesome. Best swag? This wonderful travel mouse (get it? MOUSE) with a retractable cord. Most disturbing? Small World branded body cream.
As this pic from Italy (Epcot) shows- it was hot. Don’t worry- Mai Tai to the rescue. Oh and remind me to talk to my gardener- clearly he is not performing up to his potential.
Eating lunch in France? Watch out for animatronic Remy coming by. I may have screamed in delight. Next it was off to see the new Animation Resort with it’s James Bond kinda check in area, fun wall of animation, and DAAAAMN-its-big Nemo themed pool complete with giant character sculptures.
The biggest thrills for me at Disney World are to see and do things that we no longer have at Disneyland.
So naturally we went to Carousal of Progress, rode the People Mover and caught the Electric Parade. But mostly I was happy to hang out with my best friends Lisa and Suz. Flying 3000 miles to get to have a weekend alone with your friends who live 20 miles away? Now that is
insane magical.Week 4 College Football Picks: Will Any Top-10 Teams Fall?
No matter what happens, a reality check is coming for many teams in Week 4. A handful of this season’s most surprising starts (Purdue, Vanderbilt, Cal) run up against top-10 opponents on Saturday, at which point we will truly begin to learn how much they have improved year-over-year. Those top 10 teams aren’t immune from learning some tough truths either, as the cupcakes on the schedule thin out and the gantlet of conference play begins.
Who will provide the weekend’s biggest statement win? Below, our writers and editors make their picks for Week 4’s top matchups, taking turns defending their predictions.
Season-long standings
Molly Geary: 28–10 (73.7%)
Chris Johnson: 27–11 (71.1%)
Joan Niesen: 26–12 (68.4%)
Eric Single: 26–12 (68.4%)
Andy Staples: 24–14 (63.2%)
Scooby Axson: 14–10 (58.3%)
Bruce Feldman: 21–13 (55.2%)
Utah at Arizona (Friday, 10:30 p.m. ET, FS1)
Bruce Feldman picks Utah: Tyler Huntley has been playing very well as the Utes’ new QB, and Utah is much better in the trenches on both sides of the ball. Last year, Arizona induced a bunch of false starts from the Utes’ O-line. I suspect Kyle Whittingham’s team will be very up for this game.
NC State at Florida State (Saturday, Noon ET, ABC/ESPN2)
Andy Staples picks Florida State: The Seminoles have been plenty busy dealing with Hurricane Irma, but with one game cancelled and another moved because of the storm, the Seminoles’ offense has had time to adjust to true freshman James Blackman at the helm.
Texas Tech at Houston (Noon ET, ABC/ESPN2)
Joan Niesen picks Houston: Houston has already notched a win over one mediocre Power 5 team, and I think it has enough defensive firepower to keep Texas Tech's high-scoring offense at bay—or at least to keep it to fewer points than it can run up against the Red Raiders’ porous defense.
Texas A&M vs. Arkansas (Noon ET, ESPN)
Chris Johnson picks Texas A&M: Both of these programs stumbled during nonconference play—Texas A&M in a brutal come-from-ahead defeat to UCLA in Week 1, Arkansas in a home beatdown at the hands of TCU in Week 2. The bad vibes will linger in Fayetteville after a loss in Razorbacks alum Jerry Jones’s North Texas palace.
Alabama at Vanderbilt (3:30 p.m. ET, CBS)
Molly Geary picks Alabama: The Commodores proved they are for real with a 14–7 win over Kansas State last week, but it would take an absolutely Herculean effort to take down the Crimson Tide. Vandy will make noise in the SEC this year, but Alabama is a step too high.
TCU at Oklahoma State (3:30 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Eric Single picks Oklahoma State: We haven’t gotten to see four quarters of Mason Rudolph and the Cowboys’ first-team offense yet this season, but I doubt TCU’s defense will appreciate the up-close look. The Horned Frogs and quarterback Kenny Hill have gotten a lot better, and we should readjust our expectations for them all over again if they keep it within 10 points in Stillwater.
SI Recommends
USC at Cal (3:30 p.m. ET, ABC)
Bruce Feldman picks USC: I love what Tim DeRuyter and Justin Wilcox have been doing with the Cal defense, and they contained Ole Miss’s talented QB Shea Patterson and a good group of wideouts, but Sam Darnold and USC will pose even more problems. I also expect Trojans defensive coordinator Clancy Pendergast to find a way to exploit the Bears’ weaknesses up front. Cal is second-to last in the Pac-12 in tackles for loss allowed.
Michigan at Purdue (4 p.m. ET, Fox)
Scooby Axson picks Michigan: Look out, folks. Purdue has an offense that can put points on the board. But Michigan’s defense is a whole other story from what the Boilermakers have faced so far, ranking in the top 15 in the nation in four major defensive categories.
Mississippi State at Georgia (7 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Andy Staples picks Georgia: Mississippi State looked fantastic last week, but Kirby Smart’s defense has historically been Kryptonite for Dan Mullen’s offense.
Penn State at Iowa (7:30 p.m. ET, ABC)
Chris Johnson picks Penn State: Don’t be fooled by Iowa’s lack of ranking and ho-hum nonconference showing (wins over Wyoming, Iowa State and North Texas). The Hawkeyes are capable of grinding Penn State into a tense, low-scoring affair, but the Nittany Lions’ offense will turn the afterburners on in the fourth quarter.
Florida at Kentucky (7:30 p.m. ET, SEC Network)
Eric Single picks Florida: No matter how hot or cold either team is going into the game, Florida beating Kentucky is one of those constants in life upon which you build the rest of your worldview. The Gators learned enough about their offense in the second half of last week’s miracle win over Tennessee to get past a charged-up Wildcats team in sold-out Kroger Field.
Notre Dame at Michigan State (8 p.m. ET, Fox)
Joan Niesen picks Notre Dame: Both of these programs have stumbled on hard times, but when it’s firing on all cylinders like it should be in this rivalry game, Notre Dame is just a hair more talented than the Spartans. Bank on this being a close one, though.
Washington at Colorado (10 p.m. ET, FS1)
Scooby Axson picks Washington: Note to Colorado: Don’t punt to Dante Pettis. In a rematch of last season’s Pac-12 title game, Washington’s dynamic WR/kick returner and quarterback Jake Browning (74%, eight touchdowns, one interception so far) will be too much for the Buffaloes, whose non-conference slate didn’t exactly prepare them for the Pac-12 season.
UCLA at Stanford (10:30 p.m., ESPN)
Molly Geary picks Stanford: The Bruins’ defense gave up 560 yards in its loss to Memphis and now must try to contain Bryce Love. Cardinal QB Keller Chryst will need to play better this week, especially with Josh Rosen under center on the other side, but Stanford has won nine straight in the series and has the edge at home.Tolstoy was 34 when he married 18-year-old Sofia Behrs in 1862. A famous writer by then, and master of his family's 4,000-acre estate at Yasnaya Polyana near Moscow and the 3,000 peasants living on it, he had sown his wild oats and was ready to settle down. It was in this year that Sofia started writing her diaries, republished in my new translation, "The Diaries of Sofia Tolstoy," to mark the centenary of his death. A complex woman with an iron constitution and the soul of a poet, she bore him 13 children (five of whom died), took over the running of the estate, and worked as his agent and editor, negotiating with publishers and copying out all his works, tirelessly deciphering the scribble only she could read. It may be that we would have had none of his great novels without her, but it's her candid account of their 48-year marriage that makes her diaries so compelling, and these pictures tell their own story, of their children, the state of his health, their friendships with some of Russia's best-known writers, artists and musicians, and the fierce arguments that would divide them at the end.
At least 1 upper-case and 1 lower-case letter
Minimum 8 characters and Maximum 50 characters
Already have an account? Sign in.- Largest
- Nearly 60% of leaders worldwide cite the importance of environmental sustainability in healthcare over the next three yearsBetting sites with no tax, King Kong Cash Demo
Avis produits play real slots online - contenu - monavislerendgratuit! Even they know king kong cash demo how 888 casino website to make the best impression when you are meeting with friends and family though they may seem reserved. Before heading on a trip, ask around for tips from relatives and buddies. N1 is out to impress european players y8 poker with a seemingly uncountable number of slots and table games from software providers like microgaming, netent and igt. The aim of deriving a unified theory for all nature's forces is therefore at a stand. But our aim free slot habanero is not only to help you find your next favourite online slot, or tablet.
Emerald queen casino
Best way to build muscle and burn fat diet with garcinia best way to build muscle and burn fat garcinia cambogia and atrial fibrillation does garcinia cambogia? What types of land-based gambling are permitted in your jurisdiction, and is gambling regulated at a national or subnational level. Definitely, what a magnificent blog and enlightening posts, i will bookmark your site. I focus on deep analysis and long-term trends, not breaking news and partisan soundbites. The king kong cash demo former rookie of the year knew how to rack up the points, but had a vicious streak in him? Fingers crossed for hidden google play casino real money cam sex tape.
These are the equations of the central axis. Valid best slot machine gta v for casinos miami club casino? Our large portfolio of products, comprehensive range of services and extensive research and development program and integrated free 5 scratch cards turnkey solutions ensures that frontier pitts c. Cannabidiol or cbd is among over 80 substances from the group of molecules called cannabinoids, and slots of vegas facebook king kong cash demo also one of over 480 substances naturally located in marijuana. If you make your reservation in the winter, you will americas cardroom real money be more likely for the best amount possible. Mayfare talk 01 18 18 november 2010 utc that 88 fortunes vegas slots online s a big if.
Spin wheel earn money
American survivors of white island eruption to seek damages from cruise line and tour operators? Nike roshe ld 1000 vachetta tan trainers cheap. Shires trumpet artist and plays pickett brass mouthpieces. As internet gambling king kong cash demo continues to evolve and participation increases, particularly among young people who are highly familiar with internet technology and online commerce, it is likely that related problems will emerge? I can no black label casino longer see my score and the current time while playing. I was sooooo high last night.
Hit it rich slots
Remitano is also one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in malaysia, nigeria, and vietnam. Extremely useful info specially the last part i care free vegas slots for android for such information a lot. An american m4a3 sherman tank there destroyed a t 34 just after midnight and a 3!. Could free slots with bonus spins you list of every one of. Before 1831, specials were forced to give up their king kong cash demo time with no recompense other than the thrill of providing national service.
Madness spin
This app allows the user to use its accessibility functions for free, just requires mobile data or a wi-fi connection. When you would prefer an improved look at, a less noisy space or even one nearer to the ice-unit, odds are excellent that you can be obtained. Choice of males is so bao casino restricted in deep russian cities, so ladies take king kong cash demo what they get. They achieved that rarest of things a white classic rock band having a credible stab at reggae. It was then inaugurated in 1996 through the support of former president sir ketumile masire and the former president festus mogae declared september as a national event. However husky is mentioned in the section participation outside of south korea.
Musculation quand arreter la prise disco king kong cash demo danny slot de masse. The monday evening concerts, first known as evenings on the roof, began in 1939 under the direction of peter yates. 13 k urls isip 1 function edit reason edit to watched box containing page whitelisted 0 timestamp 1289977614 user chemobot logline id 68465 mainlevel 5 sublevel 5 infolevel 5 time 03 06 54 date 17 10 2010 user 24. Y o u l l w a l k a w a y k n o w i n g h o w t o h a c k y o u r s t r e s s r e s p o n s e s y s t e m s o y o u c a n g Bozova casino welcome free spins r a c e f u l l y r e s p o n d u n d e r p r e s s u r e? Season 6, episode 17 15 days left poker lessons last day on earth. They search for good, reliable and type men who would treat all of them properly and complete their need.