The Oak Ridge Community Band/Wind Ensemble will hold a Veterans Concert on Sunday, November 15, at 3:30 p.m., at the Grove Theater Performing Arts Center.
Everyone is invited, but area veterans are particularly encouraged to attend this event which is being held in their honor, a press release said. The program will include patriotic selections, swing era music, and a special ceremony to recognize veterans who have served both in peacetime and during war time.
Directed by band leader Dale Pendley and assistant conductor Lisa Michaels, the Community Band will perform Irving Berlin’s “Songs for America” featuring “This is the Army, Mister Jones,” “Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor,” “This is a Great Country,” and “God Bless America.” Other patriotic selections will include John Philip Sousa’s “Liberty Bell,” James Hosay’s “Pride of the Fleet,” and Bob Lowden’s arrangement of “Armed Forces Salute” with “Semper Paratus,” “The U.S. Air Force,” “Anchors Aweigh,” “The Caisson Song,” and “Marines Hymn.” [Read more…]Apple removes Group FaceTime calls from iOS 12, will deliver “later this fall”
Group FaceTime calls were supposed to be available with iOS 12. The feature would allow up to 32 people to place group FaceTime video calls. While only limited to four at the moment, WhatsApp has enabled group video and audio calls on its own application. Meanwhile, Apple seems to have changed its mind about group FaceTime capabilities. No, they’re not cancelled, just delayed.
Developers (and those interested) have started downloading and tinkering with the iOS 12 Beta 7. In its release notes, they noticed and entry regarding Group FaceTime (screenshot below). Apparently, Apple decided the feature will not be included in the original iOS 12 release. Instead, it will be pushed out in a future software update, “later this fall”. Whether that’ll be iOS 12.0.1 or iOS 12.1 is yet unknown. It could be weeks after iOS 12 is official, or even months. We hope this will not turn into a situation similar to AirPlay 2, when Apple delayed the feature for a long time.
All natural serving or cutting board made from cherry wood. The board is cut directly from a log so each piece is unique and vary in size.
Size: 11" to 14" long by 5" to 61/2" large and 1/2" inches thick or 28 cm to 36 cm long by 13 cm to 16,5 cm large and 1,3 cm thick.
Reversible - Both sides are flat.
Strong and durable - Made from 100% Canadian cherry woodFirst of all, I always think that simplicity is the best. If there are 14 states with affordable homes programmes and each are having their own administration, I think that’s a waste of resources as well as making everything complicated when it comes to reporting or transparency. However, I would disagree that centralisation of all these should be done for the sake of doing it. I think it’s important to have a very clear plan on how to ensure those who need them really do get it. Second, it would be good to make sure all these so called policies are standardised even if prices may differ. Agree?
Following would be an article in thestar.com.my on the streamlining of all the quotas and prices of affordable homes throughout Malaysia. According to Deputy Minister of Urban Wellbeing, Housing and Local Government, Datuk Halimah Mohamed Sadie, a working paper for this purpose will be presented to the National Housing Council. She added that this is necessary because some states are taking this matter lightly. She also mentioned that even the Mentris Besar, Chief Ministers were aware of the situation and had also suggested that the quota and prices be streamlined.
For those who are thinking about these affordable homes do note that even for these affordable projects, the banks are still going to lend based on their usual lending policies. It would also be good to search and view a few potential secondary ones for more potential choices. It would be a foolish reason to say that the new affordable homes projects are not in places you want and yet ignore the secondary market totally. Many times, buying earlier meant that the upgrade can also be done earlier in future. Buying later meant the next upgrade would only happen even later. Happy knowing what’s available and all the best.
written on 1 Nov 2016
Next suggested article: The waiting game is best played after we own something
The overall rating reflects the current state of the app. It accounts for all app reviews but prioritizes the most recent ones.
All reviews.
Gravity Case
An interactive app that integrates TikTok feed into your Shopify store seamlessly. A must for store owners with TikTok accounts. Easy 5 stars.
Developer reply
We're glad you're loving Easy Tok and we appreciate the review!Storyline: Show Pieces (2014) From the mindscape of Alan Moore comes an anthology of three shorts linked by the Northampton netherworld.
I Believe in Unicorns (2014) Unicorns tells the story of an awkward teenage girl who escapes to a fantasy world when her first romantic relationship turns increasingly violent.
Too Late (2015) Explores the tangled relationship between a troubled private investigator and the missing woman hes hired to help find.
Inverse (2014) A man awakens from his supposed death to discover that he's from a parallel universe. He's fallen in love with his doppelganger's wife here on Earth, which sets off a chain of events that threaten both their lives and mankind.
Butter (1998) Corrupt record company executives kill a singing sensation with a drug overdose rather than letting her leave their label and join another company. They then frame her foster brother/manager for the murder forcing him to go on the run a
A veteran Vegas magician tries to revive his career after his longtime partner quits, he gets fired from his casino act, and an edgy new
Beach Babes from Beyond (1993) An intergalactic babe borrows her dad's T-bird ship to do a little planet-hopping with her two friends, but they run out of fuel unexpectedly, and must land on Earth. They land on the California coast, where they have f
Driven Crazy (2020) When a call girl and her driver skip town to find a new beginning, they must learn the truth about one another before their crimes destroy them.
During their first year of high school, four best girlfriends face off against the domineering student body president who wants to split them up into different social cliques.
Attack of the Southern Fried Zombies (2017) Lonnie, a crop duster pilot, must lead a mismatched group of survivors to escape the deadly zombie horde after an experimental chemical, intended to control the invasive kudzu vine, transforms the citizens
Urban Fighter (2013) The "Bloods" are the most intimidating and violent gang in the city. A lawless city... where gangs rule the streets... The vicious and blood thirsty murderer Slater is their leader. The city is his domain... he rules! T
Hide and Seek (2000) A desperate, childless couple kidnap a pregnant woman and lead her husband to believe that she is dead.
An alien lifeform consumes everything in its path as it grows and grows.
Chronos (1985) Carefully picked scenes of nature and civilization are viewed at high speed using time-lapse cinematography in an effort to demonstrate the history of various regions.
Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch Special Edition Black Rebellion (2008) The Summary for the complete first season
Woman in the Woods (2020) When Jason's father dies, he goes on an adventure to his father's homeland, The Philippines, to honor his memory and experience the stories he grew up hearing. Soon Jason discovers himself ... ab
Alice: Boy from Wonderland (2015) Hye(Female, 27) has suffered from severe nightmares since she was a child. They actually happens in reality and finally endanger her life. According to a shaman's advice, she decides to return a private resort calledlarge diameter 32 sch 5s stainless steel sch40 304 pipe iso
304 / 304L Stainless Steel Pipe - SS 304 & SS 304L Pipe
304 / 304L Stainless Steel Pipe These grades of austenitic stainless steels are the most versatile and widely used stainless steels. They exhibit excellent corrosion resistance to a
304 Stainless Steel Pipe Midwest Steel & Aluminum
Note:16 SCH 10S is Standard SCH 10 with a wall thickness of 0.188 304 Stainless Pipe. 304 Stainless Steel Pipe has very good formability and can be readily welded by all common methods. 304/304L dual certified. 304 Stainless Steel Pipe Supplier, SA312 TP304 Seamless ANSI Pipe Chart - Penn Stainless - Stainless Steel Plate: Hot off the presses from the world of stainless steel and manufacturing. News. Product Information. ASTM specs, color codes, stainless grades, and other useful product
Manufacturer/Exporter Forged, Buttweld Pipe Fittings
Pipe Caps, Steel Flanges, Fabricated Elbows, Large Diameter Fabricated Pipes, Cupro Nickel Fittings, Socket Weld India metline-pipefittings [email protected] STAINLESS STEEL PIPE DIMENSION AS PER ASTM & WEIGHT-KG. PER MTR. (ANSI B36.19) Nominal Bore Outside Diameter Sch-5S Sch-10S Sch-40S Sch-80S Sch-160S Sch-XXS mm INCH mm Wt Weight PIPING PRODUCTSMaterials in stock include 304 and 316 stainless steel to ASTM A269, ASTM A554 and AS1528.1 with other grades, standards PROCHEM PIPING PRODUCTS PIPE AND TUBE NOMINAL BORE SIZE SCHEDULE 5S (1 SCHEDULE 40S TEMPERATURE DEG C mm inch 50 100 150 200 250 300 350 400 50 100 150 200 250 300 350 400 50 100 150 200 250 300 350 400 6 1/8 32.49 32
Pipes SCH 5 chart, dimensions, weight and pipe wall thickness
SCH 5 Pipes / SCH 10 Pipes / SCH 20 Pipes / SCH 30 Pipes / SCH 40 Pipes / SCH 60 Pipes / SCH 80 Pipes / SCH 100 Pipes / SCH 120 Pipes / SCH 140 Pipes / SCH 160 Pipes Pipes SCH 5 chart, dimensions, weight and pipe wall thickness - Steel Metal Weight Calculator Size Sch WT Allowable Working Pressure (MPa) DN NPS mm No (mm)
STAINLESS STEEL PIPE) 304 stainless steel pipe specifications pdf ss 304 pipe weight chart Sch 40/80 Erw Pipe, SS 304 Seamless Pipe & Stainless Steel Order Large Or Small Quantity Of 304 Stainless Steel Pipe. Cut to Size 304 Stainless Steel Pipe Available. No Minium Order Quantity . 304 Stainless Steel Pipe Specification. Outside Diameter:6.00 mm OD up to 914.4 mm OD, Sizes up to 24 NB available Ex-stock, OD Size Steel
Schedule 10, 40S Stainless Steel Pipe - Dongshang Stainless
There are wide stainless steel pipe dimensions to choose, large diameter, heavy wall or small diameter is available, the schedule number refers to the wall thickness of pipe, there are several Schedule numbers to meet different requirement, including SCH.5S, SCH.10, SCH.10S, SCH.20, SCH.30, SCH.40, SCH40S, SCH.80, SCH80S and more larger Shedule No., when the number increases, the thicker the wall thickness with the same NPS dimensions 304/304L - FastMetals
Type 304/304L is the basic 18-8 chromium-nickel stainless steel. It combines excellent mechanical properties with remarkable resistance to many corrosive agents encountered in Stainless Steel Pipe Suppliers, SS Seamless & Erw Pipes in.
Sturdy, Stainless 32 inch large diameter steel pipe for
About products and suppliers:Get access to robust, stainless 32 inch large diameter steel pipe at to cater to your constructional and industrial requirements with precision. These sturdy, stainless, and galvanized 32 inch large diameter steel pipe are ideal for all types of heavy-duty purposes and come with enhanced sustainability and durability.Stainless Steel Pipe -Type 304 Schedule 40S20 rows · Browse Stainless Steel Pipe -Type 304 Schedule 40S in the Continental Steel & Tube Co.Notes
This release of the Python agent fixes an issue with urllib recursion as well as an import error caused by non-ASCII characters in comments
Install the agent using
easy_install/pip/distribute via the Python Package Index or download it directly from the New Relic download site.
Bug Fixes
Urllib3 Recursion Regression
Urllib3 recursion regression issue that was seen in Gevent has been fixed
Import Error caused by non-ASCII character in comments
An import error caused by non-ASCII characters has been fixed to the correct quotation formattingYum!
Here we have some Blueberries beginning to ripen.
We saw this snake at Killarney, Ontario.
Pickerel weed - observed along the shore of George Lake in Killarney Provincial Park.
He was crossing the road, and we lent a hand helping him cross
Moved him off the road. Found 2 more after this one on the hwy
Observed while canoeing on George Lake in Killarney Provincial Park.
Caterpillar remains attached to lower one suggest moth (hairy)
Total height of plant is about 3"Young Advocates Council
We are thrilled to introduce the North Texas Food Bank's Young Advocates Council! This opportunity engages dedicated and entrepreneurial high school students at the premiere hunger-relief organization in North Texas.
Join our Board of Directors, Young Professionals, NTFB's Executive Leadership, and your peers from across North Texas as we work toward closing the meal gap in the Metroplex. Your gift of time and effort will not only help you to perfect valuable skills for college and your career, but you will have a profound and lasting impact on your North Texas neighbors.
Interested in becoming a Young Advocate?
The current application period is now closed and we are conducting interviews for the coming school year.
If you will be in the 9th - 11th grades for the 2022-2023 school year, we want to hear from you! Keep up-to-date with the information on this page and we will accept applications in summer 2022.
Schedule
Post fundraiser/End-of-Year celebration – early May 2021
Next year’s application due Friday, June 18, 2021
Interviews to take place through July 1 – July 31
YAC Class of 2021-2022 to begin sessions in August
Impact
Raise critical funds in support of NTFB's FY21 goal of 105 million meals provided
Nearly 900,000 of our friends and neighbors are food insecure. We need your help to secure new funding, sources of food, and new advocates
Experience/Skills
Accounting
Active Citizenship
Building Relationships
Conflict Resolution
Debate
Diversity Appreciation
Interviewing
Meeting Management
Persuasive Writing
Professional Dress
Public Speaking
NTFB Thanks the Young Advocates Class of 2021
Thank you to our Young Advocates class of 2021 for all your hard work and dedication this year. We are excited to share that your fundraiser, Cookies to Combat Hunger, was a total success! Your hard work will have a lasting impact on your hungry neighbors across North Texas.
YAC 2021 Accomplishments:
- Signed a letter to U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, advocating for extending school waivers to ensure students continue to have access to nutritious food while learning virtually.
- Hosted your own Peanut Butter Drives and Canned Food Drives to feed your hungry neighbors.
- Volunteered at the Perot Family Campus to prepare bags of kid-friendly food and produce for distribution to hungry children across North Texas.
- Volunteered on the front lines of hunger at one of NTFB’s Mobile Pantry distributions where you safely handed out protective equipment and COVID information.
- Learned valuable skills with NTFB staff and leadership.
- Successfully hosted your own fundraiser to feed hungry children, families, and seniors.How to build associations with people? Learning to do so can make you happier, help you attain your goals and make you a better partner. With romances comes the responsibility to pay attention to specifics. You should understand what people desire from you and from each other. Read on to determine 10 wonderful tips to building relationships.
Listen to your lover’s needs. To help you out in this regard, listed below are 10 Steps to building strong connections: Learn their name. Look closely at non spoken cues. Strategies others name. The actual Golden Regulation.
Be honest. You need to mail-order-brides-guide com end up being truthful if you wish to build associations with somebody. Your integrity will function as the best protect. It will likewise guard you against being deceived by another person. Honesty is actually rewarded.
Focus on building strong relationships. You will enjoy better results when you make moment for relationships. As well, it pays to consider time off in case you have personal commitments. When you have commitments devote some time off to care for the individuals close to you. Remember to go for lunch with your co-office workers, friends or family members. Also, make moment for meaningful conversations that is not going to include job.
Be a good team player. We have a saying that says, ‘winners do not quit and quitters by no means win’. This is correct when it comes to connections. If you are regularly bickering with another person or perhaps throwing a proper every time you interact with them, you’re not putting in the essential effort to develop strong relationships. Try resolving your problems together in order to avoid arguments.
Learning to build human relationships may take time nonetheless it is a fulfilling skill. You will understand how to be more trusting and understanding. You might want to attend a modern arts middle to hone this skill. Through work, determination and patience, it is possible to build strong relationships that last a lifetime.
When you choose to attend a multicultural arts center to hone your relationship building skills, always make sure you choose a category where you can develop enduring relationships. A large number of people show up at classes only to leave sense useless and stressed out. If you choose a class where one can build sustained relationships, you might be much happier at the end of the day. You will sense that you produced a difference and that other people have you really. Your perception of results will make you wish to attend long term future classes.
The most crucial factor is to be in a position to ask questions on the job. You can’t build relationships if you do not ask questions. If you fail to ask questions and create relationships at the job, how would you expect others to do so? You must start requesting questions on the job if you want to build relationships that last.
At the time you work at home or perhaps in your regional business, be sure to have fun. Do not get caught up on work. In case you have fun, you are more likely to be open and genuine with co-office workers and management inside your local business. By being genuine and available with supervision, you show them that you have a positive character that they should know can be a superb addition to their particular team. Building relationships on the job starts with you, so you must ask yourself ways to build human relationships with the persons you interact with everyday.rock jaw crusher for high way building stone quarry plant. Find out your desired rock crushers, jaw crushers with the highest point of technology and efficiency at low price you can find all types of rock crushers, jaw crushers brands from china, italy, usa, turkey, france, spain, etc.
Model NO. PEPEX Type Jaw Crusher Motor Type AC Motor Motor Power 5.5-75kw Application Mine,Quarry, Concrete Mixing, Sand Making Plant Materials Stones and Ores
Mar 27, 2021 - 2020 New Type Low Price Jaw Crusher Plant. The large scale crawler type mobile crushing station produced by Luoyang Dahua is mainly used for stone processing in mineral and quarry. It can be customized and integrate crushing and screening.
High Quality Stone Jaw Crusher for Sale with Competitive Price US 1,500-56,000 Set Portable Mini Diesel Engine Rock Stone Breaker Crusher Plant, Small Mobile Aggregate Quarry Jaw Crusher Machine.
You can also choose from indonesia, kenya, and canada jaw crusher with low price, as well as from competitive price, long service life, and easy to operate jaw crusher with low price, and whether jaw crusher with low price is building material shops, manufacturing plant, or energy amp mining.
Apr 22, 2021 10,569 henan quarry jaw crusher machine products. A wide variety of henan quarry jaw crusher machine options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and key selling points..
View reliable Stone Crusher manufacturers on Made-in-China.com. This category presents Jaw Crusher, Crusher, from China Stone Crusher suppliers to global buyers., page 2
Jun 05, 2021 Jaw Crusher China First Engineering Technology Co.,Ltd.Pe Series Jaw Crusherstone Crusher With Good Quality In ...pev-900x1200-jaw-crusher - Buy Quality pev-900x1200-jaw ...High Quality Pe Jaw Crusher Price List Made In Zhengzhou ...900x1200 jaw crusher, 900x1200 jaw crusher Suppliers and ...CFTC stone crusher plant,crushing equipment manufacturerChina High Quality Jaw .......
Price Stone Stone Jaw Crusher Price 500750 Spec 600x900 Price Sale High Quality Stone Jaw Crusher. 1,000.00-28,000.00 Set. 1.0 Sets ... Low Price Quarry Quartz Ranite Stone 500 750 Pe500 750 Jaw Crusher Machine For Making Sand Sale In Uae. ... Quarry Stone First Crushing Plant Jaw Crusher Machine Price. 20,000.00-300,000.00 Set. 1.
China Jaw Crusher manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Jaw Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Mining Machine, Crusher Machine suppliers, wholesalers and
Vertical shaft impact crusher is widely used in all kinds of minerals. It provides the high quality sand and crushed stone aggregate to the high-speed railroad, high-rise construction, municipal administration construction, water and electricity dam construction, concretes agitation station. It
Stone Crusher Crusher Wholesale High Quality Stone Impact Crusher Parts Spare. 1.12-1.35 Kiloampere. 100 Kiloamperes ... Used in quarry primary stone jaw crusher with foundry or welded structure. Up to 5 years warranty. ... High tech welded 500750 jaw crusher with low price from China hongxing group. Ready to Ship Up to 5 years warranty ...Approved WN21 PICS Course List Now Available and Students Can Enroll in 301 Upon Receiving 101 Grade
The Winter 2021 semester Program in International and Comparative Studies (PICS) course list is now available on the PICS Courses page.
Students wishing to declare the International Studies major may do so after they receive their final grade in INTLSTD 101.
Students enrolled in INTLSTD 101 will need to complete the PICS Declaration Form and email the form to PICS advisors at is-advising@umich.edu. Newly declared students International Studies Major webpage.
Students are also encouraged to attend the International Studies Virtual Information Session and Q&A on Thursday, December 10 at 4 PM EST. Please register to attend this Zoom Webinar.
For more information or questions, please email is-advising@umich.edu or set up a virtual appointment with an International Studies advisor..
Diversity and Inclusion is fast becoming a key agenda item for businesses across the globe. But is there value in working with an RPO on your D&I strategy? We think so. Here are 4 reasons why.
Fill in the form to get our opinions on the hottest industry topics.A representation of the evolution of the universe over 13.77 billion years. (Image courtesy of NASA / WMAP Science Team.)
Instructor(s)
Prof. Alan Guth
MIT Course Number
8.286
As Taught In
Fall 2013
Level
Undergraduate
Course Description
Course Features
Course Description
The Early Universe provides an introduction to modern cosmology. The first part of the course deals with the classical cosmology, and later part with modern particle physics and its recent impact on cosmology.
In the News
For more about Professor Guth's work, listen to this interview from WBUR, Boston's National Public Radio news station.
You may also be interested in this MIT Alumni Association Podcast Inflationary Cosmology—Is Our Universe Part of a Multiverse? with Professor Guth.
Other Versions
Other OCW Versions
Archived versions:
Birth Name: Duane Allen
Occupation: Country Singer
Place Of Birth: TX
Date Of Birth: April 29, 1943
Date Of Death: April 11, 2003
Cause Of Death: N/A
Ethnicity: Black
Nationality: American
Duane Allen was born on the 29th of April, 1943. He was best known for being a Country Singer. American country singer who has been a member of The Oak Ridge Boys and was inducted in the Texas Gospel Music Hall of Fame.
Duane Allen was born in TX. He trained in formal in operatic and quartet singing. He graduated from Texas A&M University in 1966 and was a member of the Delta Tau Delta Fraternity.
Duane Allen was a Taurus and was born in the Baby Boomers Generation.
JUMP TO: Duane Allen’s biography, facts, family, personal life, zodiac, videos and related celebs.
Childhood
Duane All.
Duane All
Duane’s Duane Allen attended Alhembra, Ca. and Mount San Antonino, Santa Ana College.
Family
Duane Allen’s mother’s name is unknown at this time and his father’s name is under review. We will continue to update information on Duane Allen’s parents.
Associated with
Personal Life
Like many famous people and celebrities, Duane Allen kept his personal life private. Once more details are available, we will update this section.
Duane Allen was born in the Year of the Goat.
Fast Facts
Videos
Horoscope
Zodiac Sign: Duane All: Duane Allen was born in the Year of the Ox. People born under this sign enjoy being alone with their thoughts. They're creative thinkers, economic, cautitous and appreciate the arts, they can also be indecisive.
Ruling Planet: Duane.
Duane Allen’s birth sign is Taurus and he had a ruling planet of Venus.
Don’t miss
Who’s the richest Country Singer in the world?
Who are the richest people in the world?
When is Duane Allen’s birthday?
Fans also viewed
Fact Check: We strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn’t look right, contact us. This page is updated often with latest details about Duane Allen. Bookmark this page and come back often for updates.February 26, 2011, the venue, in the air over Founder’s Park, Islamorada, Florida—below, the famous Upper Keys Rotary Club Gigantic Nautical Flea Market. The pilot Brett Ekblom; the plane, a little yellow fabric Piper Cub; the gear, Canon EOS 7D, 28-135 IS lens, polarizing filter AND great weather. Founder’s Park is a short flight from Tavernaero grass strip, a few minutes even in the very slow Cub. We flew a few box patterns around the park shooting aerials of the crowds at the Gigantic Nautical Flea Market. As we turned to return to the grass strip Brett spotted a friend of his in his back country flats boat. He was out with his children for a fun day on Florida Bay. We dropped down, came along side and took a few passing shots returning a few minutes later to Tavernaero grass strip.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.Brand
Saboor Pharmacy
5 in stock
QAR 92
5 in stock
Herbal supplement containing all-natural herbs cassia, mallow and sage. No artificial colors or preservatives. Natural product. Bio3 Slim Body Tea contains key ingredients that naturally help your body through weight loss..
Gently cleanses and respects the skin balance Soothes and protects Leaves the skin soft after the shower Rinses off perfectly thanks to its creamy foam Very good tolerance – Naturally bluish colour – Soap free – Subtle fragranceFeel the love in this organic cotton rugby-inspired polo with a cropped fit and Tommy Jeans embroidery logos.
Highlights
• Pure organic cotton jersey
• Polo collar
• French placket
• Dropped shoulders
• Tommy Jeans logo embroidery on front and back
• Tommy Jeans branding
• Tommy Jeans flag patch at cuff
Shape & fit
• Cropped fit
• Long sleeves
• Our model is 1.76m and wears size S
Composition & care
• 100% organic cottonStyle #: DW0DW11031
This product contains independently certified organic cotton, meaning it was grown without chemical pesticides, chemical fertilizers and genetically modified seeds.
Keep up with our latest news and get 10% off one purchase.Notify us of bugs while they are being fixed.
When you have a bug, it would be nice to get a notice. I just spent an hour trying to figure out what I was doing wrong with the dictionary. Finally got in a chat and realized I wasn't doing anything wrong.
It's fine you have bugs. It's amazing what the software does. I don't mind not using a feature while the bug gets fixed. It would, though, save me time and frustration to know that you're working on it and I should relax and wait.
Thank you!
"Death is not warden of life, not thief, nor enemy- but Life's most equal partner."
~ Terri Guillements ~
Someone I knew to say hello to and share a smile and a few friendly words with died last week in a fatal car crash. One minute she was here, and the next, gone, and that could happen to any of us, any day. It's a good reminder to get over our petty resentments and complaints, to get into gratitude and appreciation for all that we have, and all those who we love.
Let's not take anything for granted, and get busy following our dreams.
Life is steady and repetitive and predictable, until it's not.
I count each day as a great and gracious blessing.Country stamps.
The new printings by Cartor released at the end of March had C1 x 6 cylinder numbers (4 colour process, silver, and phosphor). The printing dates - not printed by ink-jet but apparently engraved on the cylinder - are:
England - 24/01/11 Ireland - 24/01/11
Scotland - 26/01/11 N Ireland - 27/01/11
Recently the England stamps have been found dated 25/01/11 - with black cylinder C2. It's the black cylinder that prints the date in the right margin:
The England £1.10 stamp is, of course, printed in two columns alongside 2 columns of 68p stamps, so that value will also exist with the new date and cylinder number. The Scotland 68p stamp exists dated 27/01/11 with black cylinder C2; once again this indicates that the £1.10 should also exists in this form - the Scotland £1.10 has now been seen.
Machin definitive
Although the low-value self-adhesive stamps were printed in January this year, some printings for the stamps with ordinary gum may not have appeared in post offices yet - and Royal Mail said that stocks of gummed stamps will be exhausted before the self-adhesives are sent to POs. A late printing of the 20p emerald has appeared - 15/09/10 - with a D5 cylinder number, replacing the D4 printed on 10/03/08.
Will we lose gold in Olympic year? Back in 1997 the colour of the 1st class stamp changed to gold in honour of the Queen's Golden Wedding Anniversary. They reverted back to orange, and then there was the Millennium version, and in 2002 the colour again changed to gold coincident with the Queen's Golden Jubilee - and it has remained gold ever since.
When two or three collectors get together discussing modern developments in stamps, all sorts of speculative thoughts are voiced. The Diamond Jubilee occurs next year and Royal Mail have already announced the issue of a new definitive in February, replacing the current gold one, but no details have yet been supplied.
It's been suggested that there will be no point in reverting to gold at the end of 2012: so it is more than possible that the Diamond Jubilee 1st class definitive will be the default - in counter sheets, business sheets, retail booklets, prestige stamp books and coils. It's logical that the Large Letter stamp will also change from gold.
Anyone want to guess what the change will be? Bright silver for diamonds? Royal Purple? Colour with a silver security overprint (seems unlikely, they still think this is a secret security device!)?
And if there are no more gold stamps, will the Arnold Machin Centenary sheet hold the last printing of gold 1st class stamps?
Your speculation is invited - use the comment box!
If I was looking for design inspiration for the diamond jubilee stamp I'd look no further than the George VI 8d stamp. I'd be happy with the colour too.
(from Eric, Huttoft, Lincs.)
Oddly I saw one for sale on eBay the other day with the shape described as a pentagon - which has 5 sides.
The KG VI 7d/8d stamp design has a hexagram as the centre frame - with 6 sides.13th February 2019
OHMG Providing 150 new Construction Jobs in Banbridge
Up to 150 Construction jobs will have been created as part of the OHMG contract to build the Southern Regional College’s new £15m educational campus at Banbridge.
Managing Director Martin Lennon and Seanie O’Hare, Construction Director, met with senior SRC staff as well as officials from the Department of Education as the first phase of the major works got under way on the Castlewellan Road.
The scheme is due to be completed next year.
The new purpose-built campus forms part of a £95 million investment by SRC and the Department for the Economy to create three new state-of-the-art educational campuses across the Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon area.
The Banbridge site comprises of specialist accommodation and will facilitate a dedicated Learning Resource Centre and an innovation hub space to support entrepreneurial and business enterprise as well as industry-leading digital media facilities.
Brian Doran, Chief Executive at SRC, said:
“This exciting new project, forming part of a wider £95 million investment will dramatically improve the quality of education provision in Banbridge, provide quality facilities that will deliver an outstanding student experience and an unrivalled local environment for learning, teaching and collaboration with all our local businesses.”
Providing a wide range of full and part-time courses through to degree level, the Banbridge campus will also house a new, dedicated centre for multimedia and digital design – a first-of-its-kind for the area.
:
“I am. “With close links to businesses, and facilities where students can share ideas to innovate and directly support our key local employers, this significant investment will reinforce our commitment to strengthening links between campus staff, students and the local business community.”
The existing campus and sports facilities, which are on the same Castlewellan Road site, will continue to operate as normal during construction.Our Practice Areas – How We Help You
We know that picking up the pieces following an accident and trying to handle a personal injury claim on your own can be overwhelming. At the Olson Law Firm, we focus on YOU. We listen closely to the details of your case, answer all of your questions and make sure you know how important you are to us.
Sean Olson believes that serious injury cases require serious legal work. This is why he prepares every case for trial and why he stays focused on his goal of getting each and every client the very best settlement possible in their case. He fights, he fights fair and he fights to win.
Our law firm handles a variety of complex personal injury cases, including:Tighten your heel straps – Project Dragway is coming to Hong Kong, bringing four of its fiercest drag queens together for a night of non-stop fabulousness.
It features the likes of Kween MochaDiva, Miss Mid Levels, Violette Blanche and XXXotica.
There will also be a pop-up bar with drinks available to keep you partying throughout the night.
The event is organised by We The People in collaboration with The Hive Spring. HKFP is a media sponsor.
- Cost: HK$350 for limited early queen tickets, available now via We The People.
- Dates: July 14 (Sat)
- Time: 7 – 11pm
- Venue: The Hive Spring, 3/F Remex Centre, 42 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. Click for directions.
All proceeds will go towards We The People – a global movement dedicated to defending democracy and human rights.Name: The Magnus ArchivesName: The Magnus Archives
Type: Horror, Mystery
Release Date: March 24th, 2016
.
.
Jonathan Sims is installed as the new Head Archivist of the Magnus Institute after the previous Archivist, Gertrude Robinson, passed away. As the Archives are in a state of complete disorder, John decided to organize, digitize, and record audio versions of the statements. However, some of these statements are unable to be digitized and must be recorded on a tape recorder. Each recording consists of an introduction, the statement, and supplemental commentary. Though initially skeptical of what he reads in the statements, John discovers a deeper mystery between the statements which suggests the dark forces described in them are very real indeed. Published June 30, 2006 by World Council of Churches .
Written in EnglishRead online
Download Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology (Faith & Order Papers)
Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology A Faith and Order Study Document Faith and Order Paper World Council of Churches, Geneva. At the same time, Christian theological anthropology is not concerned only with Christians, but is committed to all humanity, with its diversity of culture, colour, gender, sexuality and beliefs.
Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology Document. Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology. This text, resulting from the Faith and Order study on Theological Anthropology, explores contemporary challenges to the traditional understanding of humanity as "made in the image of God".
It concludes with 10 Common Affirmations. Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology. A Faith and Order Study Document, Faith and Order Paper No.WCC Item Preview. “Introducing Cultural Anthropology covers the full range of subjects normally associated with the study of cultural anthropology and does so in a manner that intentionally seeks to integrate a Christian faith perspective with an academic discipline.
Indeed, here is a textbook Christian professors can use without fear of having to confront..
In this comprehensive study, a renowned theologian examines the anthropological disciplines-human biology, psychology, cultural anthropology, sociology and history-for their religious implications. The result is a theological anthropology that does not derive from dogma or prejudice, but critically evaluates the findings of the disciplines.5/5(1).
Charles Cameron, “An Introduction to ‘Theological Anthropology’,” Evangel (Summer ): question, ‘Is there any word from the Lord?’ (Jeremiah Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology book, we answer, ‘Yes. God has spoken’. This does not involve replacing anthropology with theology.
This is an anthropology, written from a theological perspective. of over 2, results for Books: Religion & Spirituality: Christian Books & Bibles: Theology: Anthropology The Reciprocating Self: Human Development in Theological Perspective (Christian Association for Psychological Studies Books).
A distinctive Christian theological anthropology understands the human being as a relational being because it is rooted in the relationship of the triune God to humanity. There are social and ethical implications that extend from such a view of humankind and yet we are aware that as human beings we fall short of this notion of personhood.
Fr. Daniel’s latest book, Catholicity and Emerging Personhood: A Contemporary Theological Anthropology, is now available from Amazon, your local book retailer, and the publisher, Orbis Books.
Here is the publisher description: “By humbly seeking wisdom from the scientific, philosophical, and social-scientific communities, Horan argues, we can gain new insight on./5(6).
A THEOLOGICAL ANTHROPOLOGY TOWARDS UNDERSTANDING THE ORIGIN OF AND NEED FOR COMMUNITY By Christopher DiVietro B.A. & B.S., Allegheny College, A THESIS Submitted to the faculty in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Master of Arts in Religion at Reformed Theological Seminary Charlotte, North Carolina July Christian Books, Theology, Anthropology.
Online family Christian book store. CHRISTIAN BOOK STORE QUICK MENU Anthropology in Theological Perspective: Author: Wolfhart Pannenberg Retail Price: $ Our Price: $ Save: (%) Availability: In Stock. Inquiries into the humanity of Jesus Christ is not a recent development in Christian thought.
Mark Cortez's Christological Anthropology in Historical Perspective: Ancient and Contemporary Approaches to Theological Anthropology demonstrates that this reflection, in its most basic form, is grounded in the notion that beliefs concerning the human being must be warranted in some way by beliefs.
Christological Anthropology in Historical Perspective: Ancient and Contemporary Approaches to Theological Anthropology - eBook () by Marc Cortez. Hear about sales, receive special offers & more.
and had articles featured on The Gospel Coalition and Christian : Ebook. Christian anthropology offers perspectives on the constitutive elements and experiences of human personhood— and continues to be a cornerstone in particular of Catholic theological anthropology.
From a Christian viewpoint the interpretation of this concept is decidedly christological and eschatological. That is, Jesus of Nazareth. Cited by: Covers Gregory of Nyssa, Julian of Norwich, Martin Luther, Friedrich Schleiermacher, Karl Barth, John Zizioulas, and James Cone.
pages, softcover. Zondervan. Christological Anthropology in Historical Perspective: Ancient and Contemporary Approaches to Theological Anthropology () by Pages: Niebuhr’s Theological Anthropology: Finitude, Anxiety and Sin Reinhold Niebuhr’s theological anthropology comes from a mainline Protestant (Christian) perspective, and was classically developed in his chapter “Man as Sinner” from The Nature and Destiny of Man, which was developed for his Gifford Lectures at Edinburgh University.
Niebuhr was an American theologian and ethicist. Adding to the growing number of books seeking to understand “culture,” this highly readable work explores cultural anthropology from a distinctly Christian perspective. Not slack on academic rigor, this book surveys broad features of the field, journeying through the history, definitions and common descriptions of terms and ideas used by cultural anthropologists, and doing so in ways. social life in Africa.
The other essential work is the World Council of Churches' publication Christian Perspectives on Theological Anthropology (Faith and Order Paper no.). This is in the library and can be downloaded from., known as the nature of. Abstract. Theological anthropology, the Christian doctrine of humanity, may be considered a species of the genus philosophical anthropology, which is usually interpreted as the philosophical analysis of the facts that the sciences have discovered about the nature of humanity and the human condition.
"Anthropology for Christian Witness serves as a thorough, basic introduction to the study of anthropology that has been designed specifically for those who plan careers in mission or cross-cultural ministry.
The work of Charles H. Kraft, author of the classic Christianity in Culture, and widely acknowledged as one of the foremost Evangelical missionary anthropologists, this new work.
philosophy and theology ‘anthropology’ has a deeper meaning – an understanding of the nature of the human person.
The Second Vatican Council, in Gaudium et S goes back to the scriptural source of Revelation for a Christian understanding of the nature of the human person. Theological Anthropology - Ebook written by J. Patout Burns. Read this book using Google Play Books app on your PC, android, iOS devices.
Download for offline reading, highlight, bookmark or take notes while you read Theological Anthropology. The purpose of Christian theological anthropology is to explore the mystery of the human in the last class, students will present in groups on one chapter of the book assigned that week.
Class participation will count for 30% of the grade. (2) ,Systematic Theology: Roman Catholic Perspectives (Minneapolis: Fortress Press, ), Rebekka A.
Klein, Dr. theol. () in Systematic Theology, University of Zurich, is Dilthey-Fellow at the Institute of Systematic Theology, University of Halle-Wittenberg. She has published on philosophy of economics, phenomenological anthropology, Christian ethics and political theology.
In the context of Christian theology, Christian anthropology is the study of the human (“anthropology“) as it relates to differs from the social science of anthropology, which primarily deals with the comparative study of the physical and social characteristics of.. As the book proceeds through its seven chapters, the diverse perspectives invite comparisons. Barth’s grounding of anthropology in God’s saving election through the one Word of God, Jesus Christ, stands in sharp contrast to James Cone’s view of human beings as co-liberators who model the work of the Great Liberator in an oppressed world..
The Christian Doctrine of Humanity: Explorations in Constructive Dogmatics: Beale, Gregory K. We become what we worship Book by: eds. Green, Joel B.
In Search of the Soul: Perspectives on the Mind-Body Problem: McConville, J. Gordon: Being Human in God's World: An Old Testament Theology of Humanity: Green, Joel B. The modern enterprise of anthropology, with all of its important implications for cross-cultural perceptions, perspectives, and self-consciousness emerged from the eighteenth-century intellectual context of the Enlightenment.
If the Renaissance discovered perspective in art, it was the Enlightenment that Brand: Augsburg Fortress, Publishers. Nico Vorster is Professor in Systematic Theology at the Faculty of Theology of the North West University in South Africa. He has published various books, articles and book chapters within the fields of Theological Anthropology Christian Social Ethics and Public Theology.
He is the author of the book Created in the Image of God ().... The result is a theological anthropology that does not derive from dogma or prejudice, but critically evaluates the findings of the disciplines. Pannenberg begins with a conside In this comprehensive study, a renowned theologian examines the anthropological disciplines-human biology, psychology, cultural anthropology, sociology and history-for 4/5(2).Theological anthropology (TA) is a part of theology dealing with the Christian understanding of human beings.
It is a modern invention, resulting from the coming together of two former treatises present in traditional theological curricula: humans as created beings and original sin, and the meaning and influence of grace.In the Catholic tradition, God is personal, not local or primarily a philosophical principle.
He established a relationship with Israel even during its early wandering from Palestine to Egypt and back to Palestine.
God promised the Israelites a definitive intervention in their lives: the Messiah who was to be a great leader. Christians see in Christ a great leader, although not in the sense of.Welcome to our The Branch game page here! This online game is a really great choice! Play for free! The name of this one is The Branch game, congratulations! Tag categories here are: character,platform,speed,parkour,webgl,mobile. Check them under this game. Instructions of this game: Play with mouse.; If you like this, don’t forget to share it with your friends! You can also play thousands of other games here… Have fun!
Embed this game on your website:I was asked if I have a copy of past exam papers. Sadly, no I don’t because I scribbled answers on them all during revision and then recycled them when I finished the exam. There are a few scattered around the web but it’s not always easy to find them because they could be on pages of any language, not just english or portuguese. Here are the ones I know about:
Firstly, straight from a boca do cavalo, there are samples of the three sections of the paper, including an audio file of the compreensão oral test on the University of Lisboa’s site. The audio part is essential. As I’ve said in my descriptions of the tests, you definitely need to do some practice with this and figure out your strategy for reading the questions and answering them while listening in the very short time available. They play each one to you twice, but the amount of time for each one is pretty small, so it’s not the sort of thing you can just wing it through.
This site, Ensino Basico, has some dummy exam papers for levels A1, A2 and B1. They don’t look like official documents but they seem pretty realistic and they have sound files too, which is great.
This site has some different specimens of three of the four sections. The page is in italian but the papers themselves are in portuguese of course so it doesn’t matter. If you scroll down, there are three links in red. You can use ctrl+F to search for “interazione” if you want to go straight to it. No audio files, sadly.
Google also turns up a few if you are prepared to sift through the various results a bit.
This one from TELC is a pretty professional looking B1 test template. It’s not quite in the same format as the official exam but it has a similar level and some of the same exercises, at least. It feels a bit wrong that I can see it. I think these exam templates are supposed to be for sale, and I’m not sure if they even realise that this one is searchable via Google, but it is so take full advantage, I say.
This one purports to be a B1 test. It’s definitely not in the format used for the official CAPLE/DEPLE exams but it might be something extra if you need more practice.
If you want to take this to the next level, I’d advise getting one of the books of exam papers. Here’s the one I used for B1 and 2, for example
You can get it online from Bertrand and download the audio files here by entering the ISBN number (9789897524622) and publisher (Lidel). Bertrand also sell a book of B2 test papers with an accompanying CD from the same company called Exames de Portugues B2, Preparacao e Modelos which might be useful if you are looking at intermediate level, but bear in mind that it covers several different flavours of B2 level test including DIPLE Escolar, which is the test given to school-age children, Celpe-Bras, the brazilian equivalent of DIPLE and half a dozen others I don’t even recognise. It’s not specific to the standard CAPLE test framework, in other words, so although it is quite chunky, it may not be as useful as it seems.
The hardest thing to simulate is the fourth part of the test, “produção e interação orais”. You should probably work with a portuguese language teacher if you’re not already, or at the very least ask a portuguese friend to grill you to develop your conversation skills. Think about how to talk about yourself, practice talking about your favourite aspect of portuguese culture – food, music, books, and practice just looking at photographs and thinking about how you would describe them if you had to. It isn’t as long or as scary as you think it’ll be but it’s definitely worth getting used to that environment.Alice lived for Christmas. Well, that's an oversimplification. Alice lived for the joy of living — as well as for her family, her children, her grandchildren, her friends, and her neighbors. She also lived for carousels (she couldn't pass a carousel without hauling you on for a ride). But, she did absolutely relish Christmas.
Alice began her Christmas shopping in July. Some years she also completed her Christmas shopping in July. When she died in 1999 the Tuesday before Thanksgiving (Thanksgiving is the fourth Thursday in November), we arrived to find her house entirely decorated for Christmas (and, let me tell you, she went all out). All her Christmas cards were completed, sealed, and sitting on the dining room table waiting to be mailed. Jerry and his sisters honored her by mailing them. We all met up to spend one last Christmas at Alice's house that year, opening the presents that had been left under the tree for us, and crying a lot, which is — oh, crud — what I suddenly find myself doing right now. Enough of that!
Around 1981, in Jerry's family, a tradition was begun whereby each of us drew a name, one name only, and that was the person for whom we were to buy a nice Christmas gift. We could buy gifts for the kids in the family, but we were only allowed to buy for the one adult whose name we drew. We all followed the rule to some extent. But not Alice. Her way around the rule was to simply send a boatload of presents with gift tags that said they were from Santa.
"Alice," we'd say, "You're not following the rules."
"Well, I don't know what you're talking about," she'd insist. "Those aren't from me. They're from Santa."
When Jerry's father, Jim, would draw one of our names, Alice would of course go out and buy the present "from Jim." I remember one Christmas day calling Jim to thank him for my gift and laughing as I heard Alice whisper before he took the phone, "You bought him a sweater."
Because Alice was always ready for Christmas months in advance (which drove us crazy since she would ask for our Christmas lists in June), she loved nothing more than phoning us as early as possible to say in a sing-song voice, "I know what you're getting for Christmas." In 1995, she took it a step further and sent us an "anonymous" letter pieced together from magazine clippings and taped to a piece of brown paper bag.
STILL TO COME: The Christmas Lights of Sevilla
Wow! Your mother-in-law was quite a character. Loved the way you send those cards anyway after her death, because everyone who received them knew she loved that holiday.
Peter:
Alice was one of a kind. Sending and receiving those cards was overpoweringly emotional, I'm sure. But they were done and, knowing Alice, they had to be sent.
Do NOT shy away from getting a bit weepy over this great lady. What a magnificent woman, full of love, optimism, generosity and joy. On second thought, do avoid the tears, break out the champagne and celebrate your great fortune in knowing and having been loved by such a blessed spirit.
Will:
Truth is, the tears passed quickly. She brought major joy into my life and left it there! As for champagne, I will do just that. Alice was not a drinker, but on special occasions she made a wicked vodka-spiked rhubarb slush!
What a wonderful woman!
The decorations are a delight.
Elaine:
So glad I can give you some sense of Alice. We've now got a great-niece (2) named for her, and she appears to be a bit of spitfire herself.
Okay this blog post has me in tears. What a remarkable woman Ms. Alice was. What great memories. xox
Such nice memories of her. I'm glad you have them.
m.
Nubian:
And now we get beyond the tears and just laugh and smile.
Mark:
And so many more stories of Alice still to come.
Alice must have been a joy! What a wonderful woman to have in your life. This post made me smile. :)
Judith:
I'm glad it made you smile. That was my hope. Alice made me smile often!
Ok, I haven't read all the previous comments, so forgive me if someone already pointed this out. But I love how Alice wrote the question mark from "guess who?" with a pen instead of finding one to cut out of a magazine. Priceless!
Walt the Fourth:
I love the fact that you noticed that. I've always found that kind of funny. First, that Alice couldn't find a question mark in any of her magazines. And, second, that she felt the words "Guess Who" needed one.
Mitch,
Have I told you lately how much I enjoy your blog? I don't miss a single posting...
-Rosalinda
Rosalinda:
I am so grateful and so honored.<<
_2<<
Design For Both FREE & PRO
Wether you use the FREE or PRO version of The Events Calendar plugin, our custom design integration will look beautiful.
Advanced Theme Options Panel
We’ve added an individual options section purely for The Events Calendar plugin. Customize it to your hearts content.
Beautiful Calendar Styles
Both the monthly view calendar popup in the search bar have detailed designs that look stunning and are customizable..
Avada Church Demo
We’ve put together a stunning new demo catered for Church’s and Non-Profit organizations. Avada Church showcases the new design integration for The Events Calendar as well as several other new features. In addition, all images are included with this demo!
Countdown Timer Element For Fusion Builder
A brand spanking new builder element has been added that allows you to add beautiful, customized countdown timers to your website. Control the countdown to exact second, customize colors, text, backgrounds and more!
Widget Element For Fusion Builder
Fusion Builder now has a new widget element that allows you to place any of your widgets wherever you wish directly on a page or post. Gone are the days when widgets were meant for sidebars or footers!
Custom Breakpoints For Responsive Headers
Avada now allows you to easily set the breakpoint in pixels for when your header changes over to the responsive layout. This gives you incredible control over how your site is viewed on various devices.
!
Button Span Option
The popular button element has a new option to span the entire width of the surrounding container. This is a small but impactful feature that produces an entirely different look for buttons and call to actions.
.
Footer and Copyright Align Options
We now include options to center align all footer and copyright content! This can be chosen individually for footer content and copyright content and produces a modern look for your web sites footer. Check out the new Avada Church demo to see it in action!
And That’s Not All, 3.8.7 Includes Even More!
Valuable features, more functionality and overall improvements make us excited to bring Avada 3.8.7 to our customers. Check out all the full list of goodies this update includes below. We hope you enjoy it!
Full design integration for The Events Calendar plugin
New panel of theme options for The Events Calendar customizations
New Fusion Builder Events element to place events on pages
20+ new options to customize The Events Calendar
Design integration for both FREE and PRO Events Calendar
New Fusion Builder Countdown Timer element
10+ theme and element options for the countdown timer element
New Fusion Builder Widget element to insert widgets anywhere
New option to set custom breakpoint for mobile header
New twitter widget style and several customization options
New option for widget titles to have a colored boxed background
New option for buttons to span full width of container
New options for the person element to align all content (left, center, right)
New option for person element to position the social icon layout
New option for person element to have a background color
New footer content center option allows all footer content to be centered
New copyright content center option to align all copyright
Fusion Slider can now show Youtube and Vimeo videos without black bars
New option to control the height of all types of form fields
New option to enable/disable the WooCommerce Product Image hover effect
Content box hover effect color and “none” option
Enhanced excerpts that extract all “content” from the shortcodes
Menu centering option now works for headers 4-5
Related posts / projects will now show video post previews
New option for disabling css hover animations on image frame element
New revolution slider plugin
New layer slider plugin
Updated Font Awesome Icons to new version
New option to disable dynamic CSS caching in database
New theme option to use 100% width on all blog single posts
Fixed mode for iPad portrait has been removed & made into a plugin
- Continued refactoring and codebase improvements
Follow SocialRoyal Ascot
Let VIP Chauffeur Car Hire take you on a five star exclusive journey of exhilaration, indulgence and absolute luxury to the splendour of Royal Ascot, a venue and event that is renowned for sophisticated style and class.
With a range of exclusive prestige and marquee vehicles to choose from, your day at the races will be truly memorable. Dressed in your race day apparel, from the moment you step into one of our exquisite cars you will be treated to the finest bespoke travel experience you could ever wish for.
VIP Chauffeur Car Hire is at your service, we will collect you from your home, and be ready and waiting to return you there once the days racing is over. Throughout we will ensure that the thrill of the Royal Ascot event is complete, and you travel in absolute comfort and style.
You deserve the very best, because you are the very best, so please do give us a call to discuss your unique requirements for a truly memorable classic experience.
All Royal Ascot bookings come with a FREE bottle of bubbly served in our Royal Dalton crystal glasses.
To book your Royal Ascot vehicle today by calling us on 0208 226 5950 or emailing office@vipchauffeurcarhire.co.uk- Research
- Open Access
- Published:
Consistency of spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users in China
BMC Infectious Diseases volume 21, Article number: 1001 (2021)
2178 Accesses
1 Altmetric
-
Abstract
Background
As the transmission routes of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) are similar, previous studies based on separate research on HIV-1 and HCV assumed a similar transmission pattern. However, few studies have focused on the possible correlation of the spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected patients.
Methods
A total of 310 HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users were recruited in Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures, Yunnan Province, China. HIV-1 env, p17, pol and HCV C/E2, NS5B fragments were amplified and sequenced from serum samples. The genetic characteristics and spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV were explored by phylogenetic, bootscanning, and phylogeographic analyses.
Results
Among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users, eight HCV subtypes (1a, 1b, 3a, 3b, 6a, 6n, 6v, and 6u) and two HIV-1 subtypes (subtype B and subtype C), three HIV-1 circulating recombinant forms (CRF01_AE, CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC), and four unique recombinant forms (URF_BC, URF_01B, URF_01C and URF_01BC) were identified. HCV subtype 3b was the most predominant subtype in both Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures. The dominant circulating HIV-1 subtypes for drug users among the two areas were CRF08_BC and URF_BC. Maximum clade credibility trees revealed that both HIV-1 and HCV were transmitted from Yingjiang to Kaiyuan.
Conclusions
The spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users seem to have high consistency, providing theoretical evidence for the prevention of HIV-1 and HCV simultaneously.
Background
At the end of 2019, the total numbers of people living with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) worldwide were estimated to be 38 and 71 million, respectively (). As both HIV-1 and HCV can transmit through blood, sexual contact and mother to child, HIV-1/HCV coinfection is common worldwide. A global systematic analysis showed that in HIV-infected individuals, HIV-1/HCV coinfection was 82.4% in people who injected drugs (PWIDs) [1]. In China, the prevalence of HIV-1/HCV coinfection among PWIDs varied from 3.4% to 21.4% [2]. Previous studies have found that the prevalence of HIV-1/HCV coinfection is 15% among PWIDs in Yunnan province, and a high proportion can be seen in Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures [3].
In China, current circulating HIV-1 subtypes comprise subtype B, subtype C, circulating recombinant form (CRF) 01_AE, CRF07_BC, CRF08_BC and other CRFs and unique recombinant forms (URFs). HIV-1 CRF01_AE is mainly transmitted through sexual contact and originates from Thailand, while HIV-1 subtypes C and B are mainly transmitted through injection of drugs and originate from India and Thailand, respectively. The three subtypes all spread to Yunnan province and further to other provinces [4, 5]. HIV-1 CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC were first identified among drug users in Yunnan province [6], and the two HIV-1 recombinants spread rapidly among drug users in China. The most prevalent HCV isolates in China are genotypes 1, 2, 3 and 6 [7,8,9]. Different HCV subtypes had diverse transmission routes, such as subtypes 3b, 6n, and 6u originating from Yunnan and Guangxi and subtypes 2a and 6a originating from southern China (e.g., Guangdong), which further spread to Jiangsu [10]. Zhang and colleagues found that HCV 3a spread from Xinjiang to Jiangsu and from Yunnan to Guangxi; these routes were similar to the routes of HIV-1 CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC [11]. The study indicated that there may be a correlation between HIV-1 and HCV, but it did not focus on the same population. A previous study identified the origin and transmission patterns of HIV-1 and HCV in former blood donor (FBD) patients with coinfections. The results showed that HIV-1 infections in FBDs were introduced from Thailand and HCV infections were introduced from Japan [12]; however, this study did not analyze the correlation between HIV-1 and HCV. Here, our study documented that eight HCV subtypes and nine HIV-1 subtypes were found among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users and that there was a possible association in transmission patterns between HIV-1 and HCV.
Methods
Study population
A cross-sectional study was conducted among drug users recruited from communities and methadone maintenance treatment programs with the assistance of local Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures of Yunnan province between 2009 and 2011 (Fig. 1). The study recruited 310 HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users (183 from Kaiyuan prefecture and 127 from Yingjiang prefecture). Information regarding demographic characteristics, such as age, gender, and ethnicity, was collected from the interview. Venous blood was collected, centrifuged, and stored in a − 80 °C freezer.
Amplification of HIV-1 and HCV gene fragments
Viral RNA was extracted from the plasma of HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users using a High Pure Viral RNA Kit (Roche, Mannheim, Germany) and then subjected to amplification of HIV-1 env, p17, pol and HCV C/E2 and NS5B genomic fragments. Reverse transcription PCRs were performed using the PrimeScript™ II 1st Strand cDNA Synthesis Kit (TaKaRa Biotechnology, Dalian, China), and then the PCR products were subjected to nested PCR using TransTaq DNA Polymerase High Fidelity (Beijing TransGen Biotech Co., Ltd., Beijing, China). The primer pairs used in the nested PCR were modified from previous papers [11,12,13]. The nested PCR products were sequenced with an ABI PRISM 377XL DNA sequencer (Applied BioSystems, California, America).
Phylogenetic analyses of HIV-1 and HCV sequences
The HIV-1 and HCV sequences were aligned with a set of reference sequences available at Los Alamos National Laboratory HIV-1 Database and HCV Database using ClustalW. The alignment was edited using BioEdit 5.0.9. The gaps were removed manually, and the sequences were trimmed to obtain fragments of equivalent length. Phylogenetic trees were generated using the maximum-likelihood method implemented in MEGA 7.0 software, and the branch significance was analyzed by bootstrapping with 1000 replicates. To determine HIV-1 recombination, bootscan analyses were performed using SimPlot 3.5.1 software.
Phylogeographic analysis of HIV-1 and HCV sequences
To investigate the possible correlation of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users, reference HIV-1 p17 and HCV NS5B sequences from prefectures outside Yingjiang and Kaiyuan in Yunnan were downloaded from the HIV-1 and HCV databases. Subsequently, HIV-1 subtype C (including the sequences of HIV-1 CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC, as their p17 fragments were subtype C) and HCV 3b sequences were selected according to the results of the maximum-likelihood tree analysis and the online tool “Recombinant Identification Program” available in HIV-1 database. Bayesian phylogeographic analysis was then performed using BEAST 1.6.2 as previously described [11, 14, 15]. The accession numbers of reference sequences downloaded from GenBank and used for Bayesian phylogeographic analysis are listed in Additional file 1: Table S1 and Additional file 2: Table S2.
Sequence data
The sequences reported in this article are available in GenBank under.
Results
Demographic characteristics
Most of the 183 HIV-1/HCV coinfected samples from Kaiyuan prefecture were from men who were of Han ethnicity, unemployed and single and who had an education level of secondary school (Table 1). Most of the 127 HIV-1/HCV coinfected samples from Yingjiang prefecture were from men who were of Dai ethnicity, farmers and single and who had an education level of primary school (Table 1).
Of the participants in Kaiyuan, 42 were self-reported as undergoing antiretroviral therapy (ART), 62 were ART-naïve, and 79 had not answered the questions regarding the status of ART; the numbers in Yingjiang were 26, 33, and 68, respectively. Information on patients receiving anti-HCV therapy was not collected in the present study.
Subtype characterization of HIV-1 and HCV strains
Among the 183 HIV-1/HCV coinfected samples from Kaiyuan prefecture, 84.2% and 70.0% 3a, 6n, 1b, 6a and 6v (Fig. 2). HIV-1 subtype C was predominantly based on HIV-1 p17 and env fragments, followed by subtype B and CRF01_AE (Additional file 4: Figure S1). While for the HIV-1 pol fragments, CRF08_BC was predominant (Fig. 3). Taken together, as the p17 fragments of CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC is subtype C, the results showed that HCV 3b (45.4%) and HIV-1 CRF08_BC (66.1%) were the most predominant subtypes among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users from Kaiyuan prefecture.
The maximum-likelihood trees based on C/E2 (A) and NS5B (B) fragments of HCV
The maximum-likelihood trees based on pol
Among 127 HIV-1/HCV coinfected samples from Yingjiang prefecture, 90.6% and 89.8% 6u, 6n, 1a, 3a, 6v and 1b (Fig. 2). HIV-1 subtype C was predominantly based on HIV-1 p17 and env fragments, followed by subtype B and CRF01_AE (Additional file 1: Figure S1). While for the HIV-1 pol fragments, URFs comprising HIV-1 subtypes B and C (URF_BC) were predominant (Fig. 3). Taken together, as the p17 fragments of CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC is subtype C, the results showed that HCV 3b (43.4%) and URF_BC (53%) were the most predominant subtypes among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users from Yingjiang prefecture.
Spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV
A maximum clade credibility tree based on HIV-1 subtype C p17 fragments showed that HIV-1 among drug users in Kaiyuan was introduced from Yingjiang in 2004 and then spread to other prefectures of Yunnan Province (Fig. 4). The results based on HCV 3b NS5B fragments showed that HCV among drug users in Kaiyuan was introduced from Yingjiang through multiple lineages in 2007 and then spread to other prefectures of Yunnan Province (Fig. 4). These results indicated that the transmission of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected patients had high consistency.
The Maximum clade credibility trees based on subtype C sequences of HIV-1 p17 fragment (A) and subtype 3b sequences of HCV NS5B fragment (B) among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users in Yingjiang, Kaiyuan Prefectures, Yunnan Province, China. The different colored lines indicate the sequences from different geographical locations, and the black spots indicate the nodes of major lineages. The ages of nodes, with 95% confidence interval, and posterior probability are indicated beside the major nodes
Discussion
Due to high-risk behaviors such as drug injection and sharing of needles, drug users, especially those who inject drugs, are at high risk of HIV-1 transmission in China. The first cases of HIV-1 in China were found in drug users of Yunnan province [16], and then HIV-1 spread in China rapidly. By the end of 2017, the cumulative number of HIV-1-positive individuals reported in China was 718,270. Among these HIV-1-infected cases, a high proportion are transmitted through drug users. Data from the 1995 to 2011 China National AIDS Case Report and Sentinel Surveillance System showed that the rate of HIV-1 infection among drug users increased rapidly before 2000. After 2004, the rate of HIV-1 infection among drug addicts declined, with an infection rate of 6.4% in 2011 [17]. In China, there are differences in HIV-1 infection rates in different regions. In areas close to the “Golden Triangle” and along drug trafficking routes, such as Xinjiang and Yunnan, HIV-1 infection among drug users will reach 40% [18, 19]. Similar to HIV-1, HCV can also transmit among drug users and is considered to be the most common viral infection among drug users [20]. Systematic analysis showed that the prevalence of HCV in Chinese drug addicts reached 50% [21, 22], while the HCV infection rate in Yunnan was 90% [23]. As HIV-1 and HCV share similar transmission routes, HIV-1/HCV coinfection is more common among drug users, while HIV-1/HCV coinfection makes the management of infection in drug users more complicated. The coinfection rate of HIV-1/HCV is not consistent in different regions. The data showed that the highest rate of coinfection was 46.3% in Yunnan, followed by 36.2% in Xinjiang [18].
Yunnan province is located in southwestern China and situated along drug trafficking routes that channel heroin into China. Laos, Vietnam and Thailand all border this province. Dehong prefecture is bordered by Myanmar, and Honghe prefecture borders Vietnam. In this study, the prevalence of HIV-1/HCV coinfection was 32% and 56% among drug users of Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures, Yunnan province, respectively.
The main subtypes of HIV-1 circulating in drug users in 1990 were B, C and CRF01_AE [24, 25]. From 2000 to 2001, a study analyzed HIV-1 subtypes of PWIDs of Dehong, Honghe and Wenshan prefectures, Yunnan province. The results showed that the main HIV-1 subtype in Dehong was URFs (71%), and the other subtype was B, while in Honghe and Wenshan, CRF 08_BC was the most prevalent [26]. At the same time, a new recombinant comprising CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC was also found in Honghe prefecture [27]. A study also showed that there are more URFs among drug users [28]. In this study, we found a high prevalence of HIV-1 CRF08_BC and URF_BC recombinants among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users in Kaiyuan province and Yingjiang prefecture, Yunnan province, respectively, which was similar to previous studies. HCV genotypes 3 and 6 were common among drug users in Yunnan province, and a higher rate of HCV genotype 6 was seen in recent years [23, 29, 30]. We also concluded that HCV 3b was the most predominant among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users in Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures, Yunnan province. In addition, a high proportion of HCV genotype 6 was found in this population.
A previous study discovered that HCV prevalence may predict the HIV-1 epidemic [31], and another study illustrated that individuals with HIV-1 virus subtypes that clustered with those of HIV-1/HCV coinfected patients had a higher risk for acquiring HCV [32]. These studies all indicate that HIV-1 and HCV may have some correlation. Our study further investigated the spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV by performing phylogeographic analyses. The results showed that the transmission of the two viruses was the same. This finding can help us predict the transmission route of one virus based on the known route of another virus to some extent.
Conclusions
In summary, the present study explored the subtypes and spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users from Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures, Yunnan province. Phylogenetic analysis based on partial HCV C/E2, NS5B and HIV-1 p17, pol and env genes revealed that HCV 3b and HIV-1 CRF08_BC and URF_BCs were predominant in this risk group. Furthermore, phylogeographic analysis confirmed that the transmission patterns of HIV-1 and HCV were highly consistent, providing new insights into the prevention of HIV-1 and HCV.
Availability of data and materials
The datasets generated during the current study are available in the GenBank,, with. All the original data are available from the corresponding author as required.
References
-.
- 2.
Xie J, Han Y, Qiu Z, Li Y, Li Y, Song X, Wang H, Thio CL, Li T. Prevalence of hepatitis B and C viruses in HIV-positive patients in China: a cross-sectional study. J Int AIDS Soc. 2016;19(1):20659.
- 3.
Zhou YH, Yao ZH, Liu FL, Li H, Jiang L, Zhu JW, Zheng YT. High prevalence of HIV, HCV, HBV and co-infection and associated risk factors among injecting drug users in Yunnan province, China. PLoS ONE. 2012;7(8):e42937.
- 4.
Beyrer C, Razak MH, Lisam K, Chen J, Lui W, Yu X-F. Overland heroin trafficking routes and HIV-1 spread in south and south-east Asia. AIDS. 2000;14(1):75–83.
- 5.
Deng X, Liu H, Shao Y, Rayner S, Yang R. The epidemic origin and molecular properties of B′: a founder strain of the HIV-1 transmission in Asia. AIDS. 2008;22(14):1851–8.
- 6.
Takebe Y, Liao H, Hase S, Uenishi R, Li Y, Li X-J, Han X, Shang H, Kamarulzaman A, Yamamoto N. Reconstructing the epidemic history of HIV-1 circulating recombinant forms CRF07_BC and CRF08_BC in East Asia: the relevance of genetic diversity and phylodynamics for vaccine strategies. Vaccine. 2010;28:B39–44.
- 7.
Zhang Y, Chen L-M, He M. Hepatitis C Virus in mainland China with an emphasis on genotype and subtype distribution. Virol J. 2017;14(1):1–14.
- 8.
Ye M, Chen X, Wang Y, Duo L, Zhang C, Zheng Y-T. Identification of a new HCV subtype 6xg among injection drug users in Kachin, Myanmar. Front Microbiol. 2019;10:814.
- 9.
Chen M, Ma Y, Chen H, Dai J, Luo H, Jia M, Song Z. Complete genome sequencing and evolutionary analysis of HCV subtype 6xg from IDUs in Yunnan, China. PLoS ONE. 2019;14(5):e0217010.
- 10.(2):e16817.
- 11.
Liu J, Zhang C. Phylogeographic analyses reveal a crucial role of Xinjiang in HIV-1 CRF07_BC and HCV 3a transmissions in Asia. PLoS ONE. 2011;6(8):e23347.
- 12.
Du L, Wu J, Qian P, Xin R, Ni Y, Han R, Meng Z, Xia J. Phylogeographical analysis reveals distinct sources of HIV-1 and HCV transmitted to former blood donors in China. AIDS Res Hum Retroviruses. 2017;33(3):284–9.
- 13.(9):1121–9.
- 14.(8):1944–8.
- 15.
Chen X, Zhou Y-H, Ye M, Wang Y, Duo L, Pang W, Zhang C, Zheng Y-T. Burmese injecting drug users in Yunnan play a pivotal role in the cross-border transmission of HIV-1 in the China-Myanmar border region. Virulence. 2018;9(1):1195–204.
- 16.
Zheng X, Tian C, Choi K-H, Zhang J, Cheng H, Yang X, Li D, Lin J, Qu S, Sun X. Injecting drug use and HIV infection in southwest China. AIDS. 1994;8(8):1141–7.
- 17.
Wang L, Guo W, Li D, Ding Z, McGoogan JM, Wang N, Wu Z, Wang L, Program CNHAS. HIV epidemic among drug users in China: 1995–2011. Addiction. 2015;110:20–8.
- 18.
Bao Y, Liu Z. Systematic review of HIV and HCV infection among drug users in China. Int J STD AIDS. 2009;20(6):399–405.
- 19.–61.
- 20.
Agdamag DM, Kageyama S, Alesna ET, Solante RM, Leaño PS, Heredia AML, Abellanosa-Tac-An IP, Vibal ET, Jereza LD, Ichimura H. Rapid spread of hepatitis C virus among injecting-drug users in the Philippines: implications for HIV epidemics. J Med Virol. 2005;77(2):221–6.
- 21.
Bennett H, Waser N, Johnston K, Kao J-H, Lim Y-S, Duan Z-P, Lee Y-J, Wei L, Chen C-J, Sievert W. A review of the burden of hepatitis C virus infection in China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. Hepatol Int. 2015;9(3):378–90.
- 22.
Xia X, Luo J, Bai J, Yu R. Epidemiology of hepatitis C virus infection among injection drug users in China: systematic review and meta-analysis. Public Health. 2008;122(10):990–1003.
- 23.
Xia X, Lu L, Tee KK, Zhao W, Wu J, Yu J, Li X, Lin Y, Mukhtar MM, Hagedorn CH. The unique HCV genotype distribution and the discovery of a novel subtype 6u among IDUs co-infected with HIV-1 in Yunnan, China. J Med Virol. 2008;80(7):1142–52.
- 24.
Cheng H, Zhang J, Capizzi J, Young N, Mastro T. HIV-1 subtype E in Yunnan, China. Lancet. 1994;344(8927):953–4.
- 25.
Luo C-C, Tian C, Hu D, Kai M, Dondero T, Zheng X. HIV-1 subtype C in China. Lancet. 1995;345(8956):1051–2.
- 26.
Yang R, Xia X, Kusagawa S, Zhang C, Ben K, Takebe Y. On-going generation of multiple forms of HIV-1 intersubtype recombinants in the Yunnan Province of China. AIDS. 2002;16(10):1401–7.
- 27., China. J Virol. 2003;77(1):685–95.
- 28.
Li L, Chen L, Yang S, Li T, Li J, Liu Y, Jia L, Yang B, Bao Z, Li H, et al. Recombination form and epidemiology of HIV-1 unique recombinant strains identified in Yunnan, China. PLoS ONE. 2012;7(10):e46777.
- 29.
Zhang Z, Yao Y, Wu W, Feng R, Wu Z, Cun W, Dong S. Hepatitis C virus genotype diversity among intravenous drug users in Yunnan Province, Southwestern China. PLoS ONE. 2013;8(12):e82598.
- 30.
Wan Z, Chen Q, Chen X, Duo L, Li P, Zheng Y-T, Zhang C. HCV diversity among Chinese and Burmese IDUs in Dehong, Yunnan, China. PLoS ONE. 2016;11(9):e0163062.
- 31.
Akbarzadeh V, Mumtaz GR, Awad SF, Weiss HA, Abu-Raddad LJ. HCV prevalence can predict HIV epidemic potential among people who inject drugs: mathematical modeling analysis. BMC Public Health. 2016;16(1):1–17.
- 32.
Kouyos RD, Rauch A, Böni J, Yerly S, Shah C, Aubert V, Klimkait T, Kovari H, Calmy A, Cavassini M. Clustering of HCV coinfections on HIV phylogeny indicates domestic and sexual transmission of HCV. Int J Epidemiol. 2014;43(3):887–96.
Acknowledgements
We thank the staff of the local CDC for the assistance in collecting samples. We also thank all the participants who participated in this research.
Funding
This work was supported by grants from the National Natural Science Foundation of China (U1302224, 81601802, 81271892, and U1802284), Project of Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province (202005AE160005). The funding bodies had no role in the design of the study and collection, analysis, and interpretation of data and in writing the manuscript.
Ethics declarations
Ethics approval and consent to participate
Ethical approval for the study and the informed consent process were approved by the Ethics Committee of Kunming Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (approval ID: SWYX-2008010; approval date: 9 January 2008). The research was conducted in accordance with basic principles of the Helsinki declaration and the relevant international rules. Written informed consent was obtained from all participants.
Consent for publication
Not applicable.
Competing interests
The authors declare that there are no competing interests.
Additional information
Publisher's Note
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Supplementary Information
Additional file 1: Table S1.
The reference sequences of HCV NS5B fragments that downloaded from GenBank and used for Bayesian phylogeographic analysis.
Additional file 2: Table S2.
The reference sequences of HIV-1 p17 fragments that downloaded from GenBank and used for Bayesian phylogeographic analysis.
Additional file 3: Table S3.
The amplification results of HIV-1 and HCV fragments among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users in Yingjiang and Kaiyuan prefectures, Yunnan, China.
Additional file 4: Figure S1.
The maximum-likelihood trees based on env and p17, X., Ye, M. et al. Consistency of spatial dynamics of HIV-1 and HCV among HIV-1/HCV coinfected drug users in China. BMC Infect Dis 21, 1001 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- HIV-1
- HCV
- Spatial dynamic
- Coinfection
- Drug users
- Yunnan- Research article
- Open Access
- Published:
Isolation and characterization of high affinity and highly stable anti-Chikungunya virus antibodies using ALTHEA Gold Libraries™
BMC Infectious Diseases volume 21, Article number: 1121 (2021)
1636 Accesses
2 Altmetric
-
Abstract
Background
More than 3 million infections were attributed to Chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in the 2014–2016 outbreak in Mexico, Central and South America, with over 500 deaths directly or indirectly related to this viral disease. CHIKV outbreaks are recurrent and no vaccine nor approved therapeutics exist to prevent or treat CHIKV infection. Reliable and robust diagnostic methods are thus critical to control future CHIKV outbreaks. Direct CHIKV detection in serum samples via highly specific and high affinity anti-CHIKV antibodies has shown to be an early and effective clinical diagnosis.
Methods
To isolate highly specific and high affinity anti-CHIKV, Chikungunya virions were isolated from serum of a patient in Veracruz, México. After purification and characterization via electron microscopy, SDS-PAGE and binding to well-characterized anti-CHIKV antibodies, UV-inactivated particles were utilized as selector in a solid-phase panning in combination with ALTHEA Gold Libraries™, as source of antibodies. The screening was based on ELISA and Next-Generation Sequencing.
Results
The CHIKV isolate showed the typical morphology of the virus. Protein bands in the SDS-PAGE were consistent with the size of CHIKV capsid proteins. UV-inactivated CHIKV particles bound tightly the control antibodies. The lead antibodies here obtained, on the other hand, showed high expression yield, > 95% monomeric content after a single-step Protein A purification, and importantly, had a thermal stability above 75 °C. Most of the antibodies recognized linear epitopes on E2, including the highest affinity antibody called C7. A sandwich ELISA implemented with C7 and a potent neutralizing antibody isolated elsewhere, also specific for E2 but recognizing a discontinuous epitope, showed a dynamic range of 0.2–40.0 mg/mL of UV-inactivated CHIKV purified preparation. The number of CHIKV particles estimated based on the concentration of E2 in the extract suggested that the assay could detect clinically meaningful amounts of CHIKV in serum.
Conclusions
The newly discovered antibodies offer valuable tools for characterization of CHIKV isolates. Therefore, the strategy here followed using whole viral particles and ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ could expedite the discovery and development of antibodies for detection and control of emergent and quickly spreading viral outbreaks.
Background
Chikungunya fever is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by Chikungunya virus (CHIKV). Its name derives from a Makonde word translated as ‘disease that bends up the joints’, which describes the posture of afflicted individuals feeling severe joint pain or arthralgia [1]. Other symptoms include abrupt fever, muscle pain, headache, nausea, fatigue, and rash. These symptoms are often mild, and the infection may go unrecognized or not accurately diagnosed, in regions where other infections caused by Dengue virus (DENV) and Zika virus (ZIKV) occur.
CHIKV was first isolated in 1952 in Tanzania [1] and reemerged within a span of several years in South East Africa and Asia [2]. In December 2013, CHIKV reached the Americas [3], first reported on St. Martin in the Caribbean and within weeks in neighboring islands. The first CHIKV report in Mexico occurred in May 2014 from a patient in Jalisco, who showed CHIKV infection symptoms after a trip to the Caribbean region [4]. Other reports followed in October 2014 in Chiapas [5, 6]. By 2015, over eleven thousand cases occurred mostly in the southern region of the country [7] where warm and humid zones are amenable to mosquito growth. Overall, more than three million CHIKV infections have been reported in Mexico, Central and South America, with over 500 deaths directly or indirectly related to this viral disease [8].
While CHIKV infection is not currently considered a public health concern, with only three cases reported by mid-2019 (), chikungunya fever outbreaks are recurrent [2, 9]. Some of the factors contributing to such a recurrence are an inadequate disease surveillance and underdiagnosis, virus evolution and mutation, new generations of individuals with no immunity to the virus, supply chains globalization, travelling, and climate change. Since no approved vaccine nor antiviral CHIKV therapeutics exist, early detection and appropriate disease management are the only tools at the disposal of the scientists, health care community and governments to control future CHIKV outbreaks and reduce their devastating social and economic impacts.
Three CHIKV major lineages have been described thus far: West African (WA); East, Central, and South African (ECSA); and Asian [10, 11]. In addition, an Indian Ocean (IOL) sub lineage emerged within the ECSA and the Asian/American sub lineage emerged within the Asian lineages. The surface of CHIKV particles contains two main structural glycoproteins, E1 and E2, which have been considered targets in the development of diagnosis tools [12], therapeutic antibodies [13], and vaccines [14]. E2 protein shows the highest percentage of amino acid variation among the lineages and strains, impacting in some cases the interaction with the host receptor and hence modifying CHIKV clinical manifestations, virulence and even its epidemiology [15]. These changes could also modify the interaction with specific antibodies, limiting the use of such antibodies as diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic drugs.
Detection methods of CHIKV infection are based on virus isolation, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) [16] and IgM/IgG ELISA [17]. Since virus isolation requires highly secure (BSL-3 or BSL-2 plus) facilities, PCR-based methods are mostly used for early and accurate diagnosis. Nonetheless, relatively high cost of the PCR-based assay and the requirement of a thermal cycler to conduct the test limit its application in the field and rural regions where outbreaks often occur. Immunochemical methods such as IgM/IgG ELISA can be applied everywhere and are cost-effective, but it takes around a week for the patient to develop an antibody response. Hence, IgM/IgG ELISA as a diagnosis tool is not effective in early stages of the infection.
Alternatively, direct CHIKV detection in serum has been reported to be an early and reliable clinical diagnosis as well as an effective surveillance of CHIKV [12, 18, 19]. Some of the tests relies on anti-CHIKV monoclonal antibodies obtained via hybridoma technology after immunization with inactivated CHIKV particles or recombinant proteins derived from the virus [12, 20]. Virus-like particles (VLPs) have also been used as selector combined with immune antibody libraries or B-cell sorting as source of human anti-CHIKV antibodies [13, 21]. Due to the exquisite specificity of the antibodies however, one of the potential limitations of direct CHIKV detection in serum samples is the differential sensitivity and specificity of the tests for detection of diverse CHIKV lineages. For instance, it has been reported [22] that a test with high sensitivity and specificity for clinical samples known to contain ECSA-genotype has low sensitivity with clinical samples obtained from individuals infected with the Asian genotype [23]. Obviously, surveillance strategies based on results of tests with low sensitivity for a given CHIKV lineage would be misleading when applied in regions where the outbreak is caused by such a lineage.
Here, with the goal of generating anti-CHIKV antibodies with potential application in the early diagnostic and CHIKV disease management in Mexico, Chikungunya virions were purified from a serum sample from a patient from Veracruz, México, during the 2015 CHIKV outbreak. The integrity of the Chikungunya virions was assessed by structural methods such as electron microscopy as well as functional assays such as binding to diverse well-characterized anti-CHIKV monoclonal antibodies [13, 21]. We also determined the whole genome sequence of this CHIKV isolate and a comparison with several strains of different lineages described for CHIKV, e.g., WA, ECSA and IOL lineages was made.
Once qualified, UV-inactivated CHIKV particles were used as selectors to discover high affinity and highly stable antibodies from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ [24, 25]. The specificity of the antibodies was assessed by ELISA against mosquito-transmitted viruses from Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus (VEEV), which belongs to the alphavirus genus of the Togaviridae family, and DENV (DENV-1 and DENV-2) and ZIKV, which belong to Flavivirus genus of the Flaviviridae family. Since DENV and ZIKV could co-exist with CHIKV and generate similar symptoms, it makes difficult the differential diagnostic of CHIKV infection. Finally, a sandwich ELISA with the best antibody, combined with a potent neutralizing antibody reported elsewhere [13], was carry out. The results indicate that the newly discovered antibodies and the prototype ELISA developed herein could be valuable and effective tools for CHIKV disease surveillance.
Methods
Cells and viruses
All the virus strains used in this work were propagated and titrated in Vero cells (ATCC CCL-81) using standard plaque assays. Vero cells were grown in complete Eagle’s Minimal Essential Medium (ATCC 30-2003) supplemented with 10 % FBS. The CHIKV-033 isolate, was kindly donated by Dra. Rosalia Lira from Unidad de Investigación Médica en Enfermedades Infecciosas y Parasitarias, IMSS, México. The VEEV strain TC-83, derived from ATCC VR-1249TM, was directly amplified in Vero cells from the VEEV vaccine (EQUIVAC TC-83, Productora Nacional de Productos Veterinarios, Mexico). The ZIKV isolate (Yucatán, México), the DENV-1 strain Puerto Rico/PR159-S1/1969 and the DENV-2 strain YUC17438 were kindly donated by Dr. Ma Isabel Salazar Sánchez from the Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas, National Polytechnic Institute, México.
Virus assays
The alphaviruses (CHIKV-033 and VEEV strain TC-83) and flaviviruses (ZIKV, DENV-1 and DENV-2) were routinely propagated in our laboratory. Briefly, Vero cells were grown in 75 cm2 flasks until a confluence of 80% was reached. Afterwards, the growth media was removed, and the cells were infected with alphaviruses at a MOI of 0.001, or Flaviviruses at a MOI of 0.1 using 1 mL of viral inoculum per 75 cm2 bottle. After an adsorption period of 2 h, the viral inoculum was removed and maintenance media (EMEM supplemented with 3% FBS) was added. The infection was left to proceed for 3 days for the alphaviruses, and 4 days for the Flavivirus ZIKA and 7 days for DENV-1 and DENV-2, afterwards the infected cultures were frozen and thawed once, and the viral lysates were supplemented with 20% FBS, clarified and kept at −80 ºC until further use.
CHIKV purification
Before virus purification, CHIKV-033 lysates were inactivated by three cycles of UV light for periods of 30 min. The inactivation of final preparations was verified using standard plaque assays in accordance with Warter and co-workers [21]. CHIKV-033 particles were precipitated from the inactivated viral lysates with cold PEG-NaCl at least 12 h. The mixture was centrifugated at 3000xg for 30 min at 4 ºC. The precipitated CHIKV particles were resuspended in TNE buffer (50 mM Tris–HCl, 100 mM NaCl, 0.1 mM EDTA, pH 7.4) at 4 °C. The CHIKV stock from PEG precipitation (25 mL) was then layered over 10 mL of a 60−30 % (w/v) sucrose step gradient prepared in ultracentrifuge tubes (Beckman Coulter, Cat No. 349622) on ice. Ultracentrifugation was carried out at 121,000×g for 3 h at 4 °C using a Beckman SW-28 rotor. After centrifugation, the CHIKV particles were observed as a white band above the 60% (w/v) sucrose layer. The particles were collected using a Pasteur pipette and diluted in TNE buffer. To pellet down the virus, 10 mL of sample with TNE buffer was layered over 2 mL of 30% (w/v) sucrose to a 12 mL ultracentrifuge. A second ultracentrifugation step was carried out at 281,000×g for 1 h at 4 °C using a Beckman SW41Ti rotor. The supernatant was removed, and the pellet was resuspended with 200 µL of TNE buffer.
Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)
Negative staining TEM was used to analyze the shape and size of the purified viral particles. Chikungunya particles (10 µL) were fixed for 1 min on copper grids coated with Formvar-carbon (Electron Microscopy Sciences, Cat No. CF200-Cu) and stained with 2.5% (v/v) uranyl acetate for 15 s. After air dry, samples were observed in a Zeiss Libra 120 transmission electron microscope at 80 kV. The images of the CHIKV were displayed using ImageJ software (National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD).
Control antibodies
Three control antibodies were used in this work: two human antibodies (4J21 and 4N12) reported by [13] and another antibody (5F10) reported by [21]. 4J21 and 4N12 were cloned as human IgG1/kappa molecules from the V regions disclosed in the patent WO 2016/168,417 and Protein-A purified in house—See IgG conversion below. 5F10 was purchased at Novus Biologicals (Clone E26D9.02, Cat No. DDX9 100P-100).
Direct binding ELISA
Nunc MaxiSorp™ flat-bottom plates (Thermo Scientific; Cat No. 44-2404-21) were coated with purified CHIKV particles at 3 µg/ml in PBS overnight at 4 °C. After blocking with 3% skim milk prepared in PBS (MPBS) for 1 h, IPTG-induced cultures, purified scFvs or IgGs in MPBS were added to the wells in 3-fold serially dilutions and incubated for 1 h at 37 °C. Bound samples were detected with recombinant Protein-A conjugated to HRP (1:8000, Invitrogen, Thermo Fisher Scientific; Cat No. 101123). The assay was revealed with TMB Substrate Reagent Set (BD OptEIA, BD Biosciences; Cat No. 555214). The reaction was stopped by the addition of 1 M phosphoric acid. The absorbance was read at 450/570 nm using an automated BioTek´s 2 microplate reader.
ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ and panning using inactivated CHIKV particles
ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ consist of two semisynthetic libraries built with synthetic human germline genes combined with natural human HCDR3/JH (H3J) fragments obtained from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of a large pool of 180 donors. One of the libraries, called SL1, was built with a VL scaffold assembled with the human IGKV3-20*01 germline gene combined with the human IGJV4*01 joining region. The other library, called SL2, was made with a VL scaffold. SL1 has a short LCDR1, whereas SL2 has a long one. By changing the length of LCDR1 from short to long, antibodies alter the preference to bind protein or peptide targets, respectively [26, 27]. Therefore, by using the library with the proper VL scaffold, antibodies against protein or peptide targets can be selected. When used in combination, SL1 and SL2 would potentially produce antibodies that bind diverse epitopes on a given target.
Selection of anti-CHIKV antibodies was performed in solid phase. Nunc MaxiSorp™ flat-bottom plates (Thermo Scientific; Cat No. 44-2404-21) were coated with purified CHIKV-033 at a concentration of 5 µg/mL in PBS. Aliquots of 1011–1012 cfu from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™, covering 10 to 100 times the initial library diversity, were used in the first round of panning. Subsequent rounds were performed with the output of the previous round at 1012 cfu.
Screening for positive and unique anti-CHIKV scFvs
Soluble scFvs were induced with IPTG (1 mM) and tested in plates with CHIKV or BSA as negative control. As reporter reagent, Protein-A/HRP (Thermo Fisher; Cat No. 101,123) was used. PCR of the positive clones were submitted to Sanger sequencing and unique clones were expressed as soluble scFvs, purified using Protein-A and re-tested for binding to CHIKV and BSA in direct ELISA assays.
IgG conversion
The scFvs identified in the ELISA-based screening were converted to human IgG1 via PCR of the V regions and cloning in TGEX expression vectors (Antibody Design Labs, Inc). The V regions of the sequences identified by NGS were PCR amplified with a reverse primer matching the HCDR3 sequences and a universal forward primer hybridizing in the leader peptide. The IgGs were expressed in HEK 293 cells (ATCC CRL-3216) by co-transfection of plasmid DNA containing the heavy and light chains. After a 4-day incubation, the supernatants containing the IgGs were harvested, filtrated and purified using Protein A MabSelect SuRe column (5 mL, GE Healthcare). The IgGs were captured in PBS (20 mM, 150 mM NaCl, pH 7.4) and eluted with 20 mM citrate buffer pH 3.5. The monomeric content of the purified IgGs was estimated by UPLC BEH200 150 mm Size Exclusion Chromatography (SEC) columns (Waters). The integrity of the IgG was evaluated by SDS-PAGE and Mass Spectrometry (Intact Mass).
Specificity assay
The cross-reactivity experiment was performed in MaxiSorp 96-well plates coated with 100 µL of purified particles from alphavirus genus: CHIKV (3 µg/mL) and VEEV (1 µg/mL) in PBS, pH 7.4, for 16 h at 4 °C. Additionally, inactivated flaviviruses lysates from ZIKV, DENV-1 and − 2 (30 µg/mL) were used. The plates were then incubated with MPBS for 1 h at RT, washed with 0.1% Tween-20 in PBS (PBS-T), and then further incubated with the anti-CHIKV antibodies (10 µg/mL) for 1 h at 37 °C, followed by further incubation with HRP-conjugated Protein A (1:8000, Invitrogen, Thermo Fisher Scientific) for 1 h at 37 °C. The positive controls: VEEV, hyperimmune serum 1:10 (RIH Research); DENV-1, monoclonal antibody D2-1F1-3 1:10 (Biotem, Le Rivier d’Apprieu, France); DENV-2 and ZIKV, mouse Anti-flavivirus Envelope Protein Antibody (4G2, 1:10; Native Antigen Company, UK) were included. All measurements were made at least three times. Statistical analysis was performed by one-way ANOVA followed by post hoc Tukeys’s multiple comparisons test.
Western blot
CHIKV (2 µg/mL) were separated by 10% SDS-PAGE and transferred to nitrocellulose membranes (0.2 μm; Biorad, CA, USA) at 25 V and 1.3 A. After blocking with 3% skim milk in PBS-T, the membranes were incubated with the anti-CHIKV antibodies (10 µg/mL) overnight at room temperature. Afterwards, the membranes were washed three times with PBS-T and further incubated with goat anti-human IgG Fc-HRP (1:5,000, Abcam, US) for 1 h. The immunoreactive bands were detected using ECL Western Blotting Substrate (Pierce, Thermo Scientific) and visualized in a Chemidoc™ MP System.
Detection of CHIKV by a sandwich ELISA
Nunc MaxiSorp™ flat-bottom plates were coated with 100 µL of 10 µg/mL of the C7 antibody in carbonate buffer pH 9.4 overnight at 4 °C and blocked with 3% MPBS for 60 min at 37 °C. Serial dilutions of the CHIKV purified and UV-inactivated extract, starting at a concentration of 40 µg/mL, were incubated for 1 h at 37 °C. After washing the non-bond CHIKV, biotinylated 4N12 antibody (0.1 µg/mL) was added and incubated at 37 °C for 1 h. The assay was revealed with Streptavidin conjugated to HRP (1:1,000; Invitrogen Cat. No. S911) and TMB Substrate Reagent Set (BD OptEIA, BD Biosciences; Cat No. 555214). The reaction was stopped with 1 M phosphoric acid, and the absorbance was read at 450/570 nm by using automated BioTek´s 2 microplate reader.
Number of virions in the purified CHIKV preparation
To estimate the number of CHIKV particles per mL in the UV-inactivated extract, we first determined the mass of E2 protein in our preparation as follows. Three volumes: 10, 5 and 2 µL of the CHIKV stock at a total protein concentration of 691 µg/mL 2D-Quant Kit (Sigma Aldrich) were loaded into an SDS-PAGE gel and ran side-by-side with a standard of known mass (0.5 µg of BSA). The density of the E2 bands was quantified by comparison with the density of the BSA standard. The concentration of E2 was estimated in 36 µg/mL, which is 5.15% of the CHIKV UV-inactivated stock. The number of CHIKV particles per mL (CHIKV/mL) in 40 µg/mL of our CHIKV preparation was calculated in 1.2 × 1010 CHIKV/mL as follows: # of molecules of CHIKV/mL = {[(40 µg/mL × 0.0515)/ 240)] / 46,000 g/mol} × 6.022 × 1023 number of particles/mol x 10− 6; where 40 µg/mL is the concentration of the CHIKV UV-inactivated in the starting dilution (see above); 0.0515 is the fraction of E2 protein; 46,000 g/mol is the molecular weight of E2; 240 is number of E2 copies per CHIKV particle [28]; 6.022 × 1023 number of particles/mol is Avogadro’s number; and 10− 6 is a factor to convert µmol into mol.
Statistical analysis
Data are shown as the average ± standard error of the mean (SEM). To determine the affinity constants by direct binding ELISA, the results were adjusted following the 4-Parameter Logistic (4PL) curve model and each experiment was carried out at least three times with independent samples. Data were analyzed by one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey’s multiple comparisons tests for the cross-reactivity experiments. Differences were considered statistically significant with a p value < 0.05. Statistical analyses were performed in Prism 9.2.0 (Graphpad Software, LLC).
Results
CHIKV-033 purification and characterization
A detailed characterization of CHIKV-033, including sequencing of its whole genome, will be published elsewhere (Rosalia Lira et al. personal communication). In this work, to identify the phylogenic origin of this CHIKV strain, we compared the whole genome and E2 of CHIKV-033 with the sequences of fifty-four CHIKV strains including 10 sequences from WA, 18 from Asian, five from ECSA and 26 from IOL lineages (Additional file 1: Fig. S1). The phylogenetic trees of both the whole genome and E2 indicated that the CHIKV-033 belongs to the Asian lineage.
Electron microscopy of CHIKV-033 purified virions, SDS-PAGE and direct ELISA using three known anti-CHIKV antibodies [4N12, 4J21 and D9 (5F10)] is shown in Fig. 1. The purified viral particles had the proper size (~ 70 nm) and the spherical shape previously described for CHIKV [29, 30] (Fig. 1A). The SDS-PAGE showed the typical pattern of the spike proteins, i.e., E1 ∼48 kDa, E2 ∼46 kDa and capsid protein (CP) ∼30 kDa [31] (Fig. 1B). In addition, the UV-inactivated CHIKV particles were specifically recognized by the three well-characterized anti-CHIKV antibodies (Fig. 1C), indicating that the CHIKV capsid proteins were properly folded after the UV-inactivation process.
Identity and functional analysis of the CHIKV-033 isolate. A Representative electron micrographs of negative staining of CHIKV-033 particles purified by sucrose gradient. Images were captured using the Zeiss Libra 120 transmission electron microscope at 80 kV (Scale bars, 2 μm, 0.5 μm, 100 nm and 50 nm). B SDS-PAGE pattern of purified CHIK-033 virions. MiniProtean Stain Free gels (Biorad) showed the typical pattern of the spike proteins, i.e., E1 at ∼48 kDa, E2 at ∼46 kDa and capsid protein (CP) at ∼30 kDa. Precision Plus Protein Unstained Standards (Biorad) was used like molecular weight marker. C Direct ELISA of the anti-CHIKV 4N12, 4J21 and D9 (5F10) control antibodies. Each experiment was carried out at least three times with independent samples. Representative numbers are presented as average ± standard error of the mean (SEM)
Panning with viral particles and screening for CHIKV specific clones
Having qualified CHIKV-033 isolate, the UV-inactivated purified particles were used as selectors to isolate human antibodies from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ [24]. The panning was performed in solid phase, e.g., ELISA plates. The screening for specific anti-CHIKV antibody fragments was conducted following two strategies: (1) direct binding to CHIKV particles and BSA, the latter as specificity control; and (2) NGS and data mining.
Direct ELISA of 88 colonies chosen at random from the third round (R3) of panning showed eight positive and specific IPTG-induced supernatants (8/88; 10 %). Sanger sequencing of these eight clones resulted in four unique sequences, called C10, C7, A11 and F2, giving a hit rate of 4.5 %. This hit rate compared well with commonly observed hit rates obtained with other targets and diverse phage display platforms [25]. C10 was found 4 times, whereas, C7 was found twice, and A11 and F2 were found once. To enrich for additional specific scFvs, a fourth round (R4) of panning was performed. Out of 83 IPTG-induced supernatants tested in ELISA, 68 (68/85; Analysis 82%) resulted positive and specific. C10 represented 60% of the positive clones, whereas C7 and A11 showed up 32 % and 8%, respectively. F2 was not seen in R4 and was not processed further.
The NGS statistics are shown in Additional file 1. Over 1.5 million reads were processed from round 2 (R2) to R4. The frequencies and enrichment factors of the HCDR3 sequences of C7, C10 and A11 are shown in Table 1. These clones contributed close to 80% of all the unique sequences in R4. As expected, an enrichment in the frequency of C10, C7 and A11 HCDR3 sequences occurred as the rounds of selection proceeded. Consistent with the ELISA-based screening, C10 was enriched over three orders of magnitude in R4 with respect to R2, whereas C7 was enriched two orders of magnitude and A11 increased its frequency 20-fold from R2 to R4. Additional 6 HCDR3 amino acid sequences not seen in the ELISA-based screening were also enriched within the 50 most frequent HCDR3 sequences in R4. The scFvs having these HCDR3 sequences were amplified using specific primers matching the HCDR3 nucleotide sequences and cloned as human IgG1/kappa antibodies.
Characterization of the anti-CHIKV antibodies
Four out the six antibodies coming out of the NGS screening did not show significant binding and were excluded from this study. The characterization of the remining five antibodies isolated from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ is summarized in Table 2. As a reference, the three control antibodies: 4N12, 4J12 and D9(5F10) are also included in the Table.
One out the five antibodies was isolated from the library called SL1 (second column of Table 2). The other four were obtained from SL2. The SL1 library has a VL scaffold assembled with the human IGKV3-20*01 germline gene combined with the human IGJV4*01 joining region. The SL2 library was made with a VL. Therefore, all antibodies but C10 have the same VH:VL combination (VH3-23:VL3-20), whereas, C10 has the VH3-23:VL4-01 combination. Interestingly, all the antibodies obtained in the ELISA-based screening have a relatively short HCDR3 sequence (seven to eight residues, third column of Table 2) as compared to the two NGS-obtained antibodies, which have a relatively long HCDR3 (fourteen and seventeen residues).
The integrity of the purified anti-CHIKV antibodies was verified by SDS-PAGE and analytical SEC (Additional file 1: Fig. S2). The expression yield in HEK 293 cells (last column of Table 2) of the antibodies selected based on ELISA was five-fold or higher than that of the NGS antibodies. The expression yield of C7, C10 and A11 was also higher than the control antibodies (4N12 and 4J21). A higher expression yield of C7, C10 and A11 may explain because, although both ELISA-based and the NGS-identified antibodies were enriched during the panning, only C7, C10 and A11 were identified in the ELISA-based screening.
The Tm of the antibodies is also reported in Table 2 (eighth column, see also Additional file 1: Fig. S3). All the five antibodies obtained in this work have Tm values ≥ 69 °C, with C10, C7 and NGS2 having two unfolding transitions. The second transition is close or above 80 °C. In contrast, the control antibodies (4N12 and 4J21) have a single transition at 61 °C or 65 °C, respectively. The control antibodies were isolated from a CHIKV convalescent patient, although they present high affinity, they did not exhibit high thermostability.
Binding of the antibodies to UV-inactivated CHIKV particles—determined as the EC50 of direct ELISA curves—is reported in the seventh column of Table 2. The dose-response curves are shown in Fig. 2. Conversion from scFv to IgG1 improved binding to the CHIKV particles by C7, C10 and A11 antibodies (compare the fifth and seventh column, Table 2). One of the two antibodies isolated by NGS, NGS4, showed a similar binding profile than two of the antibodies identified by ELISA-based screening: C10 and A11. NGS2 bound CHIKV particles poorly and was not further characterized.
Direct binding ELISA of the anti-CHIKV antibodies isolated from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™. The control antibodies were assayed side-by-side with our antibodies. Each experiment was carried out at least three times with independent samples, and representative numbers are presented as average ± SEM. The curves were adjusted to a 4-Parameter Logistic (4PL) curve to determine the EC50 and apparent affinity values
C7 happened to be the highest affinity antibody isolated from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™, with a binding profile close to the control antibodies D9(5F10) and 4J21. We estimated 0.016 and 0.045 nM for 4N12 and 4J21, respectively. C7 gave an apparent affinity in the ELISA of 0.09 nM which is twofold the value measured for 4N12. The KD values reported for the control antibodies, 4N12 and 4J21, when measured by BIAcore using the recombinant CHIKV capsid proteins are 0.95 and 0.54 nM, respectively [13]. Therefore, we can safely assume that the KD of C7 if measured in the BIACore with recombinant CHIKV proteins would be in the single nM or sub-nM range. The difference with the affinity measured by ELISA and BIAcore could be due to a number of factors including: (1) mutations of CHIKV-033 affecting binding to these antibodies, (2) configuration and arrangement of the E2 protein in the UV-inactivated CHIKV with respect to isolated recombinant proteins, (3) isotype of the antibodies—notice that we used different isotypes than the original publication [13] and (4) assay conditions.
Cross-reactivity with VEEV, DENV and ZIKV
Cross-reactivity of C7, C10, A11 and NGS4 with VEEV in shown in Fig. 3. C7, C10 and A11 had a slight cross-reactivity with VEEV, whereas NGS4 did not show cross-reactivity. Interestingly, cross-reactive immune response with VEEV after immunization with CHIKV has been reported [32]. None of the antibodies showed cross-reactivity with DENV1, DENV2 and ZIKV.
Specificity of the anti-CHIKV human antibodies. Inactivated arbovirus (CHIKV, VEEV, DENV-1, DENV-2, and ZIKV) were coated onto ELISA plates. After the blocking, all the antibodies were used at the same concentration and detected with HRP-conjugated Protein A and enhanced by chemiluminescence (ECL) substrate. For the recognition of each virus, a hyperimmune serum or monoclonal antibodies specific for each virus were used as positive controls (see details in "Method" section). BSA was used as negative control. Corrected OD values are shown. All measurements were caried out in triplicate. Data are shown as average ± standard error of the mean (SEM). Statistical analysis was performed by one-way ANOVA followed by post hoc Tukeys’s multiple comparisons test. *** indicates p < 0.001
Reactivity of the antibodies with CHIKV proteins
To identify the CHIKV proteins recognized by C7, C10, A11 and NGS4, a western blot with the UV-inactivated CHIKV particles was performed (Fig. 4 above). All the antibodies recognized specifically the structural protein E2, with C7 showing a band of higher intensity than that of C10, NGS4 and A11 (Fig. 4 below). A higher E2 binding by C7 with respect to the other antibodies correlates with the binding profile obtained by ELISA except for A11 (see above). A11 showed a similar ELISA binding profile than C10 and NGS4 but barely recognized CHIKV in the western blot. Likewise, 4N12 gave a weak signal in the western blot, despite being the highest affinity antibody by ELISA. This result suggested that 4N12 (and perhaps A11) recognizes a conformational epitope on E2, whereas C7, C10 and NGS4 bound continuous epitopes.
Representative western blot analysis of the antibodies isolated in this work. Inactivated CHIKV-033 proteins were separated by 10% SDS-PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes. The blocked membranes were probed with the anti-CHIKV human antibodies from ALTHEA Gold Libraries™, followed by incubation with HRP-conjugated anti-human IgG. The 4N12 and 4J21 antibodies were used for comparison. In the lower panel, the E2 band densitometry values recognized by the anti-CHIKV human antibodies are shown. All measurements were made at least in duplicate. Data are shown as average ± SEM
Detection of CHIKV particles using a sandwich ELISA
Based on the above results and the binding profile of the antibodies (Fig. 2), we decided to generate a sandwich ELISA with C7 and 4N12 to explore the potential of this assay in quantifying CHIKV particles in biological samples. To this end, both antibodies were biotinylated and used in alternative formats, i.e., C7 as capture reagent and 4N12 as reporter, and vice versa. The format with C7 as capture reagent and 4N12 as reporter gave the higher dynamic range and sensitivity (data not shown) and was thus used in the subsequent experiments.
To determine how serum affected binding of the antibodies to CHIKV particles, serial dilutions of the UV-inactivated and purified CHIKV preparation in both 1:2 serum and assay buffer (MPBS) were prepared and assayed in the sandwich ELISA. Both dilution matrixes gave similar curves (Fig. 5A; Additional file 2). The minimum concentration of CHIKV particles per mL detected was 1.9 × 108, estimated as twofold the assay background. The curves plateaued at 1.8 × 1010 CHIKV/mL, for a dynamical range of 1.9 × 108–1.8 × 1010 CHIKV/mL.
A Sandwich ELISA using C7 as capture antibody and biotinylated 4N12 as reporter. The dose/response curves were prepared with 1:2 serial dilutions of the UV-inactivated CHIKV preparation in CHIKV-free serum or assay buffer. The concentration of CHIKV is expressed in terms of CHIKV particles per mL, based on the concentration of E2 as described in detail in the "Method" section. B Recovery assay showing samples of CHIKV spiked at known concentration in serum and measured in the sandwich ELISA
To determine the recovery of CHIKV particles in serum we spiked known concentrations of the UV-inactivated and purified CHIKV preparation in CHIKV-free serum and compared the expected and measured value. The R2 was 0.99 and a slope of the regression curve was close to one (Fig. 5B), indicating a good recovering of the CHIKV in serum.
Discussion
In the previous sections we reported the characterization of a panel of anti-CHIKV antibodies. Our strategy to obtain these antibodies differed from other methods currently described to isolate CHIKV antibodies [13, 21]. These methods have used VLPs or recombinant capsid proteins as immunogens to obtain polyclonal or monoclonal antibodies from diverse species. In other instances, VLPs or recombinant proteins have been employed as selectors combined with immune libraries or B-cell sorting methods as source of antibodies. Here, we used UV-inactivated CHIKV particles as selectors and ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ [24, 25] as source of antibodies. Different from immune libraries, which are prepared with B-cells isolated from patients infected with a given virus, ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ are general purpose libraries that can be used to obtain antibodies against any given target.
After three rounds of panning with UV-inactivated CHIKV particles, the screening by ELISA of a relatively small number of clones (< 100) yielded three unique anti-CHIKV antibodies. Two additional antibodies were discovered by a complementary screening strategy based on NGS and data mining. Interestingly, the antibodies selected by ELISA and those obtained by NGS differed in several respects, including expression and cross-reactivity with VEEV, a virus closely related CHIKV. At least two different epitopes on the CHIKV E2 protein were recognized by these antibodies. Most of the antibodies recognized linear epitopes on E2, whereas, one antibody, A11, seemed to bind a non-linear epitope. The best antibody, C7, showed an affinity in the single digit nM or sub-nM range, comparable to some of the best anti-CHIKV antibodies described to date [13, 21].
To explore the value of C7 as substrate for development of CHIKV detection methods, a sandwich ELISA with C7 and 4N12 was performed. Both antibodies bind E2 but via different epitopes; C7 binds a linear epitope, whereas 4N12 binds a conformational one. The dynamic range of the sandwich ELISA was 0.2–40 mg/mL of UV-inactivated and purified CHIKV preparation. Based on the concentration of E2 in the CHIKV preparation, we estimated that this range of concentrations translates into 108–1010 CHIKV particles per mL. Although this estimation rests on a number of assumptions, some authors [33] have reported that the CHIKV load during the acute phase of the viremia is 109–1012 CHIKV/mL of blood. Other authors [34] have measured concentrations of CHIKV in samples drawn on day 0 of the infection around 109 RNA copies/mL, with viral loads decreasing over time. Yet another report [35] has determined that the median viral load ranges from 2.9 × 104 to 1.6 × 108 plaque forming units (PFU) per mL during days 1 through 4 of the viremia period. Considering that PFU underestimate the actual number of viral particles by one or two orders of magnitude due to variations of in the infectivity of the virus, values of 109 CHIKV/mL or RNA copies/mL or 1.6 × 108 PFU/mL fall well within the 108–1010 CHIKV/mL dynamical range of the sandwich ELISA. Therefore, although optimizable, this assay could serve as the basis for detection of meaningful CHIKV loads during the acute phase of the CHIKV infection.
It should be noted that our antibodies showed superior expression, highly pure preparations after a single purification step and higher stability than the best known CHIKV antibodies [13, 21]. These favorable pharmaceutical properties could translate in diagnostic tests produced at lower costs, with longer shelf stability and higher robustness. Nevertheless, these antibodies have not been tested in independent clinical samples from CHIKV RNA-positive patients or from different CHIKV strains, which limit their immediate uses. This information will be essential to future investigations, above all, in the case of new CHIKV infections appear.
Conclusions
We report here the discovery and characterization of new anti-CHIKV human antibodies. These antibodies showed specificity and high affinity to the CHIKV virions, with a superior expression, highly pure preparations after a single-step purification and high stability. These characteristics make the antibodies described here valuable tools in developing cost-effective assays for early stages detection and disease control of the CHIKV infection in future outbreaks.
Abbreviations
- CHIKV:
Chikungunya virus
- ELISA:
Enzyme-Linked ImmunoSorbent Assay
- IGHV:
Immunoglobulin heavy-chain variable
- IGKV:
Immunoglobulin kappa-chain variable
- HCDR3:
Third complementary determining region of heavy-chain variable
References
- 1.
ROSS RW. The Newala epidemic. III. The virus: isolation, pathogenic properties and relationship to the epidemic. J Hyg (Lond). 1956;54(2):177–91.
- 2.
Schneider AB, et al. Updated phylogeny of Chikungunya virus suggests lineage-specific RNA architecture. Viruses. 2019;11(9):798.
- 3.
Johansson MA. Chikungunya on the move. Trends Parasitol. 2015;31(2):43–5.
- 4.
Rivera-Ávila RC. Chikungunya fever in Mexico: confirmed case and notes on the epidemiologic response. Salud Publica Mex. 2014;56(4):402–4.
- 5.
Kautz TF, et al. Chikungunya virus as cause of febrile illness outbreak, Chiapas, Mexico, 2014. Emerg Infect Dis. 2015;21(11):2070–3.
- 6.
Díaz-González EE, et al. First report of Aedes aegypti transmission of Chikungunya virus in the Americas. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2015;93(6):1325–9.
- 7.
Nava-Frías M, et al. Chikungunya fever: current status in Mexico. Bol Med Hosp Infant Mex. 2016;73(2):67–74.
- 8.
Wang P, Zhang R. Chikungunya virus and (Re-) emerging alphaviruses. Viruses. 2019;11(9):779.
- 9.
Nsoesie EO, et al. Global distribution and environmental suitability for chikungunya virus, 1952 to 2015. Euro Surveill. 2016;21(20):30234.
- 10.
Volk SM, et al. Genome-scale phylogenetic analyses of chikungunya virus reveal independent emergences of recent epidemics and various evolutionary rates. J Virol. 2010;84(13):6497–504.
- 11.
Tsetsarkin KA, et al. Chikungunya virus: evolution and genetic determinants of emergence. Curr Opin Virol. 2011;1(4):310–7.
- 12.
Okabayashi T, et al. Detection of chikungunya virus antigen by a novel rapid immunochromatographic test. J Clin Microbiol. 2015;53(2):382–8.
- 13.
Smith SA, et al. Isolation and characterization of broad and ultrapotent human monoclonal antibodies with therapeutic activity against Chikungunya virus. Cell Host Microbe. 2015;18(1):86–95.
- 14.
Powers AM. Vaccine and therapeutic options to control Chikungunya virus. Clin Microbiol Rev. 2018;31(1):e00104.
- 15.
Langsjoen RM, et al. Chikungunya virus strains show lineage-specific variations in virulence and cross-protective ability in murine and nonhuman primate models. mBio. 2018;9(2):e02449.
- 16.
Pongsiri P, et al. Multiplex real-time RT-PCR for detecting chikungunya virus and dengue virus. Asian Pac J Trop Med. 2012;5(5):342–6.
- 17.
Mourya DT, Mishra AC. Chikungunya fever. Lancet. 2006;368(9531):186–7.
- 18.
Shukla J, et al. Development and evaluation of antigen capture ELISA for early clinical diagnosis of chikungunya. Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis. 2009;65(2):142–9.
- 19.
Okabayashi T, et al. Correction for Okabayashi et al., Detection of Chikungunya Virus Antigen by a Novel Rapid Immunochromatographic Test. J Clin Microbiol. 2016;54(4):1173–4.
- 20.
Tuekprakhon A, et al. Broad-spectrum monoclonal antibodies against chikungunya virus structural proteins: Promising candidates for antibody-based rapid diagnostic test development. PLoS One. 2018;13(12):e0208851.
- 21.
Warter L, et al. Chikungunya virus envelope-specific human monoclonal antibodies with broad neutralization potency. J Immunol. 2011;186(5):3258–64.
- 22.
Jain J, et al. Evaluation of an immunochromatography rapid diagnosis kit for detection of chikungunya virus antigen in India, a dengue-endemic country. Virol J. 2018;15(1):84.
- 23.
Huits R, et al. Diagnostic accuracy of a rapid E1-antigen test for chikungunya virus infection in a reference setting. Clin Microbiol Infect. 2018;24(1):78–81.
- 24.
Valadon P, et al. ALTHEA Gold Libraries™: antibody libraries for therapeutic antibody discovery. MAbs. 2019;11(3):516–31.
- 25.
Almagro JC, et al. Phage display libraries for antibody therapeutic discovery and development. Antibodies (Basel), 2019. 8(3):44.
- 26.
Almagro JC. Identification of differences in the specificity-determining residues of antibodies that recognize antigens of different size: implications for the rational design of antibody repertoires. J Mol Recognit. 2004;17(2):132–43.
- 27.
Raghunathan G, et al. Antigen-binding site anatomy and somatic mutations in antibodies that recognize different types of antigens. J Mol Recognit. 2012;25(3):103–13.
- 28.
Mukhopadhyay S, et al. Mapping the structure and function of the E1 and E2 glycoproteins in alphaviruses. Structure. 2006;14(1):63–73.
- 29.
Sun S, et al. Structural analyses at pseudo atomic resolution of Chikungunya virus and antibodies show mechanisms of neutralization. Elife. 2013;2:e00435.
- 30.
Simizu B, et al. Structural proteins of Chikungunya virus. J Virol. 1984;51(1):254–8.
- 31.
Silva LA, Dermody TS. Chikungunya virus: epidemiology, replication, disease mechanisms, and prospective intervention strategies. J Clin Invest. 2017;127(3):737–49.
- 32.
McClain DJ, et al. Immunologic interference from sequential administration of live attenuated alphavirus vaccines. J Infect Dis. 1998;177(3):634–41.
- 33.
Das T, et al. Chikungunya fever: CNS infection and pathologies of a re-emerging arbovirus. Prog Neurobiol. 2010;91(2):121–9.
- 34.
Panning M, et al. Chikungunya fever in travelers returning to Europe from the Indian Ocean region, 2006. Emerg Infect Dis. 2008;14(3):416–22.
- 35.
Appassakij H, et al. Viremic profiles in asymptomatic and symptomatic chikungunya fever: a blood transfusion threat? Transfusion. 2013;53(10 Pt 2):2567–74.
Acknowledgements
We would like to thank Lev Kotler and Jan Kieleczawa at Wyzer Biosciences for their assistance in designing the NGS amplicons and generating the NGS data. To Dra. Gabriela Mellado for initial and encouraging discussions. Technical assistance by Guadalupe Zavala and the Unidad de Microscopía Electrónica IBT-UNAM is acknowledged. Also, we would like to thank Said Vázquez-Leyva, Luis Vallejo-Castillo and David Jáuregui-Zúñiga for assistance with purification and characterization of the antibodies.
Funding
This work was supported in part by the Grant 3661 from CONACYT to RCS (Rommel). CONACyT (Consejo Nacional para la Ciencia y Technology) is a Mexican government agency providing funding to research projects. This grant was approved within the call for Problemas Nacionales (National Problems) as part of an effort to address urgent and unmet health and medical needs in Mexico. The grant funded CHIKV isolation and characterization including whole genome sequencing and TEM, as well as panning of ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ with viral particles, screening and characterization of the antibodies.
Ethics declarations
Ethics approval and consent to participate
The serum sample used to obtain the CHIKV-033 isolate was collected under a written informed consent by the patient. All procedures for handling the virus and use of the ALTHEA Gold Libraries™ were approved by Research Ethic Committee at Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas, Instituto Politécnico Nacional, México (CEI-ENCB-SH-002-2018). All the studies presented here were performed under good laboratory practices.
Consent for publication
All the authors reviewed the final version of the manuscript and gave their approval to publish the work.
Competing interests
JC-A is involved in the development and commercialization of Althea Gold Libraries™. The remaining authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be understood as a potential conflict of interest.
Additional information
Publisher’s Note
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Supplementary Information
Additional file 1.
Supplementary material.
Additional file 2.
Uncropped figures.
Additional file 3.
Principal characteristics in the sequence of the heavy and ligth variable chains of the anti-Chikungunya antibodies.
Additional file 4.
Nucleotide sequence of 033 isolate Chikungunya virus in fastaraza-Escalona, M., Guzmán-Bringas, O., Arrieta-Oliva, .I. et al. Isolation and characterization of high affinity and highly stable anti-Chikungunya virus antibodies using ALTHEA Gold Libraries™. BMC Infect Dis 21, 1121 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Chikungunya virus
- Venezuelan equine encephalitis Virus
- Diagnostic
- Human Antibodies
- Next-Generation Sequencing
- Phage displayPublished
| Last updated
Lionel Messi has not been informed that he will lift the 2021 Ballon d'Or after a leak named him the winner of the award, according to France Football’s editor-in-chief.
The 34-year-old Argentine forward, who has won an unprecedented six Ballon d'Ors, is considered one of the favourites to challenge for the award.
Messi lifted the Copa del Rey title with Barcelona last season, but the Spanish club finished seven points adrift of La Liga champions Atletico Madrid.
The Paris Saint-Germain superstar finished top scorer in La Liga before his sensational exit from the Camp Nou in the summer.
Read More:
Messi, who signed on a free transfer for PSG, strengthened his position to challenge for the Ballon d'Or after leading Argentina to the 2021 Copa America title.
The Barcelona legend faces tough competition in the bid to land an unprecedented seventh Ballon d'Or, with N'Golo Kante, Jorginho and Robert Lewandowski all in contention for the award.
According to reports, Messi had allegedly been informed by the Ballon d'Or organisers that he would win the 2021 edition of the award.
However, France Football editor-in-chief Pascal Ferre has now hit out at the leaked results and branded them as a “big bluff.”
He told German newspaper Bild: “That’s a lot of bull***t we’ve seen in the last 10 days. A big bluff.”
France Football cancelled the 2020 edition of the Ballon d'Or due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, with Lewandowski tipped as the favourite to win the award at the time.
The Bayern Munich striker’s sensational goalscoring form has carried over to the current season, as Lewandowski has scored 23 times in 17 appearances across all competitions.
Read More:
Lewandowski scored a staggering 41 times in 29 league matches last season en route to breaking Gerd Muller's goalscoring record for a single Bundesliga campaign.
Messi admitted that extending his Ballon d'Or tally would be “crazy,” but the Argentina captain has already accepted if he doesn’t win the award.
“If the Ballon d’Or arrives it would be extraordinary for what it would mean winning one more. The seventh would be crazy,” he told Sport.
“If not, nothing happens. I have already achieved one of my great goals. I am very happy for what happened and now that whatever has to happen happens.”
France Football will reveal the winner of the 2021 Ballon d'Or at the Theatre du Chatelet in Paris on 29th November.
Featured Image Credit: PA
Topics: Lionel Messi, Paris Saint-Germain, Ligue 1, France, Football
Chosen for YouChosen for You
Most Read StoriesMost ReadThe ’tis-the-seasoning continues, and continues, and continues. Oh yes, I have evidence. In an attempt to be charitable—and to keep the list at a manageable length—I’ve omitted the many examples I’ve seen from consultants and individual blogs. Next year I may not be so lenient: you’re on notice.
Herewith, a week’s worth of ’tis from my in-box and mailbox.
Dec. 4: LivingSocial.
Dec. 5: Bluefly.
Dec. 5: ChefTools.com. Demerit for backward apostrophe on ’tis.
Dec. 6: Williams-Sonoma.
Dec. 7: SFGate Daily Deals.
Dec. 7: Bleacherreport.com. Extra demerit for putting the apostrophe after the S in ’tis. Tsk!
Dec. 8: OnlineShoes.
Dec. 8: MovieTickets.com. Another backward apostrophe
California Academy of Sciences. Are those aqua dots supposed to represent an apostrophe?
Inside back cover, Oakland magazine, December 2011. This one has it all: cliché, backward apostrophe, hideous design.
Also:
- ’Tis the Season to Buy Stocks (Seeking Alpha, Dec. 7)
- Tis the Season for the Holiday Packages in New York City (PRNewswire, Dec. 6—and yes, there is a missing apostrophe on “tis”)
- ‘Tis the Season to Remodel Your Closet (PRWeb, Dec. 6). Yes, that’s a backward apostrophe.
- ‘Tis the Season for Enterprise-Class Tablet Apps: New IBM Software Encourages Safe, Secure Social Networking. Cliché. Backward apostrophe. Wordiness. Bingo—the most depressing ’tis-the-season headline ever.
However, I’m granting a pass to this one, just because:
I am suddenly curious: is any other season a 'tis season? 'Tis the season for Easter baskets? 'Tis the season for barbecues? 'Tis the season to be sunburned?
It all goes back to that damned fa-la-la-la-la song, doesn't it?
Posted by: Marta Randall | December 09, 2011 at 03:46 PM
Love your post headline. Better than 'Taint! I thought that post was going to be about a whole other thing.
Posted by: Namer X | December 09, 2011 at 04:58 PM
I bet you are laughing at my pain right now. This stuff has put me in quite a tizzy.
Posted by: heydave | December 10, 2011 at 07:21 AMKoncept
Z-Bar Pendant Triangle
$953.
Details
- Lumens: 1200/1800
- 16” bar: 7 W / 24” bar: 10Hire Expert Magento 2 Developer from XcelTec for Your eCommerce Needs
The coronavirus pandemic has overturned plans all over the globe in the past few months — it changed the way of lifestyle in every country. In general, during the coronavirus, eCommerce seems to be in a fair good spot. After all, people that can’t go to shops for buying may turn to online shopping.
In some states government announces, mandatory shut-downs of needless storefronts just went into place last days. This situation may lead to a larger uptick in the eCommerce business for some verticals.
Ecommerce and Coronavirus
Ecommerce has proved itself a necessity in days of social distancing and shut-down storefronts. In the time of lockdown, online shopping is a great way to get the required stuff without stepping out from home. Between obeying social distancing guidelines and store shutdowns, Almost shoppers seem to have taken much of their business online. And some shoppers think to start their online eCommerce business.
For those who want to start, manage & maintain their online business, XcelTec is the right choice for you. We have a briny team of Magento 2 developers who helps you even in this pandemic situation. We are your perfect partner that can easily manage your day-to-day services. Our virtual employees / dedicated team are specialized to serve world businesses in this critical situation.
Why Choose Magento 2 for eCommerce Online Business
More and more online business owners prefer to build their websites on Magento 2 because of its advanced features, diversity, and flexibility. Besides, there are also a lot of other reasons which enliven store owners to select Magento 2 as their platform instead of other ones and prove that Magento 2 is suitable for their final decisions. Before auditing the reasons why choose Magento 2. Let’s look deep down for what Magento 2 is.
What is Magento 2 Development?
Magento is an open-source platform. First of its version for online stores, which served well for around 8 years. But with the increasing online user base, the need for business evolution with better performance became essential which was not so easily met by the use of Magento 1. And so in 2015, Magento 2 was released as it’s subsequent to meet the rising needs of the businesses. Thus Magento 2 is the latest version of the e-commerce software from the Magento family which aims in rectifying the speed and performance offered by various other high-level features and thus amending conversion rates for the online stores or online eCommerce businesses.
As you can see, many popular business groups choose Magento 2 as their first choice for the eCommerce platform to share their business websites.
So what are the reasons that attract these well-known popular enterprises to select Magento 2 as a suitable choice to serve millions of consumers over the years? And what are the reasons for picking up Magento 2 from among dozens of other platforms?
Here’s are the reasons that Magento 2 is best for eCommerce
- Advanced scalability and performance
- Highly compatible
- Easier checkout process
- User friendly
- Supports mobile commerce
- SEO friendly
- Easy integration with third-party services
Why Choose XcelTec for Magento 2 Development?
XcelTec serves the best E-Commerce solutions with Magento 2 development for all sized businesses. With strong expertise and a successful project delivery record on the systematically developing open-source eCommerce platform on Magento 2, we at XcelTec assure you to deliver the best Magento 2 services with 100% client satisfaction. Services we offer in Magento 2 Development:
- Magento 2 Store/Website Development
- Magento 2 website Design
- Magento 2 Theme Development & Customization
- Magento 2 Extension Development
- Magento 2 Third-Party Integration: EPR system & Business Interface
- Magento Migration: Magento 1 to 2 – other eCommerce platforms to Magento2
Hire Expert Magento 2 Developer from XcelTec
For any retailer/wholesaler businesses, making an eCommerce website is not optional, is now mandatory. For making an eCommerce website, we at XcelTec have the experience and know-how to make any website depending on your needs. We use shopping cart software like Magento 2, X-cart, CS cart, WooCommerce, and others to give you a truly professional website that can get you conversions from the day it goes live. You can hire eCommerce developers from us on a project or a monthly basis.
Conclusion
The foot line is that no one can predict exactly what will happen in the feature; the volume of impact from coronavirus truly is not assumable, No longer does anyone has the choice to be fully proactive — we all have to react in real-time to changing information and situations around the world.
Now is the time to make small adjustments in response to the shifts in customer needs and behavior, while also get ready for a return to normal. Above all, stay positive and think strategically, and you can help your business weather the storm.Making a Reservation
How do I make a reservation
To book a wonderful stay at Meaney's Rest please either text or call Kevin or Vicki. Alternatively you can email us and we'll get right back to you.
Base rate (1 or 2 people): $195 per night
Extra people per night: $30 per person
Maximum number of guests: 8 (beds = 3 queens, 1 single, 2 trundles)
Please advise at the time of booking how many beds will be required for your stay, rooms with excess bedding to your needs may be locked otherwise.
Stay 6 nights get the 7th night free. (This special is not available for peak periods, Public Holidays or long weekends. This offer can not be combined with any other offer)
A 3-night minimum stay requirement applies during South Australian gazetted public holidays.
Please note: A $35 surcharge payable in addition to the base rate for stays of ONE night only.
i.e: stay one night and the minimum cost (up to 2 people) is $230,
stay for 2 nights and the minimum cost (up to 2 people) is $390, 3 nights is $585 etc
When you make a reservation you are the only occupier of Meaney’s Rest, you do not share with other guests. All linen is provided, as are hotel-style toiletries, tea, coffee, milk and bread.
Availability
This factsheet is based on my favourite gut test - the Doctors Data GI360 - but many of the markers discussed are included in other tests like the CSAP, GI Effects, GI MAP etc, so may help with those too. In it, I show you:
Please always discuss results with your chosen practitioners, of course, as they have your case.
Check out my GI360 Intro video and Results Interpretation video here.About a thousand people marched on Monday to pay tribute to Latvians who fought in German Waffen SS units against the Soviet Union during World War II, despite jeering from protesters who say the parade glorifies fascism.
The annual march has become a public relations headache for Latvian leaders.
Participants say they are simply honoring the so-called legionnaires for trying to defend Latvia against the Red Army. But protesters, many of them from Latvia’s ethnic Russian minority, call the march an insult to the millions who fought and died in the struggle against Nazi Germany.
Latvia was invaded by both Soviet and German forces during WWII and remained occupied by the Soviet Union until 1991. in 1941-42.GLOBAL: Education Language and Humanity Journal, language, and humanities.
The editors of the Journal welcome articles and research utilizing interdisciplinary approaches, but pertaining to studies of and work on education, language and humanities. Proposals and contributions to the Journal should include any of the scholarly sub-fields which structure the disciplines of (but not strictly limited to) education, language, linguistics, literature, religion, sociology, history, anthropology, archaeology, tourism, and arts.69 - Over The Rainbow
I lean back, careful of Isht Visht's floppy rest in my cleavage, and stare at the ceiling, and her soothing hands start to work in front. I was surprised she didn't use magic at first, but Isht Visht didn't need to spend half an hour undoing my old make up by carefully groping my face to get me ready for her design. They wanted an excuse to touch me lots. The point of this was to be close to me. I was afraid of this because I thought it would be another try at giving a new shell to me, or replacing the parts inside of me that are ugly to them, but all they wanted was to have time to play with the person they just got out of her shell not so long ago, and catch up on hugs while doing something fun.
"Pussywet just another few rollers, and then we can do your skin-glitter. The fusing bell feels fun for Fairies, as I've heard it!"
Mama finishes with the rollers and pushes my head back down to look at the screen--it feels so awesome when she moves me around like that--where Twilight is looking sad because the adventure is over and she has to leave the friends she's made (except of course she gets assigned to live with them and report her 'findings on friendship' to Princess Celestia, which its obvious everyone knows is a transparent excuse to command her to stay in Ponyville and spend time with her new friends, except they all love that). It's obviously setting up the format of the show as an adventure with Twilight explaining what it teaches about friendship at the end, but it's cute and reminds me of the game commanding the four of us to become a family which is was we all desperately wanted but need the game's being in control of it to dive this fast into it without freaking out. Much.
The game turns my mind back to far back the tower of life experience we've climbed since the nursery aboard Isht Visht to where Lyra was telling us the game's plans for me as messages from our seed-ghost because I didn't know what was actually happening yet.
There was something--the game would stop me every so often and make me write about my experiences and share the writing with people outside our household. There was something else, too, about missions, and the game making me follow everything step-by-step so I would--oh my fuck. There are weekly episodes and I'll write a letter to 'Celestia' after each one and the game told it all sideways and just slightly off like the early monoliths so I'd start getting used to the idea without panicking.
I wonder what terrifying wonderful message the monoliths have for Isht Visht's prophecy club they need to be warmed up to over thousands of years? I'd been thinking we were pranking them for taking everything too seriously, but now...that's mean. I think our family likes jokes, but not mean ones. Hmmm--wait:
Who's 'Celestia', game?
Knowledge: I'll get the answer through being little for Mama and giving her the home life she's wanted for a very long time. There won't be a way to miss or avoid this, so I can relax and just be pretty and fun.
The episode ends on Pinkie Pie chattering excitedly about her new friends.
I just can't seem to get myself off that porch though--I'm back in the house, we went inside, it was seventies dark wood and plaid, Colleen made me feel safe like Mama does, she could take care of me, I was a picky kid and would scream like I'd lost Lyra if my Earth-mom gave me to anyone but Colleen but I liked Colleen and looked forward to spending time with her...she made me feel good. Can I have been into her like I am Mama? She wasn't my mother though! Game heart brain cocksleeve why am I here what is this about!?
Mommy listen. Aren't you hurt that Colleen abandoned you? Yes it doesn't make sense rationally Mommy but what five year old has that much reason? How could you know she had to stay back in Maine because she lived there? To a five year old who just wants their Mommy that doesn't matter!
You're right because I'm in the car leaving Maine too but--are you saying I think Mama's going to do that to me too? I KNOW SHE WON'T NOW BUT--I mean it just takes time to build trust and we haven't even had half a day, even the Dreams and your game and you yourself altogether can't--
Bristling poised I see you need me I'm ready to do anything.
The Dreams show me a golden glass cutter cutting a biggish hole in glass and then knocking out the glass in the middle to make an opening and I can't help thinking they're cutting open a display case somehow.
Knowledge: it's all they've been doing since Rada opened the airlock to find me and Lyra standing there making out and dripping wet. Everything we've done according to guidance from the prophecy has been part of it and the rest of our time together yet we haven't been able to see far ahead because we can't steer by anything but wishing to be our family.
"The dreams just showed me a tool that looks like a musical note making circle in a glass box like the one from Snow White the dwarves made when they thought she was dead. I say that means we need more ponies, because that song is waking you up every time you sing it with us, Pussytaste!"
Mama starts the next episode--
"Rada wait just hang on a second! Mommy listen to me try to remember what did I say in your bed in your Earth house when I came to come get you? The very first thing I said before you kissed me or anything. Can you remember, Mommy? Think hard I saw you misheard me but you remember it right I could see you you just weren't ready for me to call you that so your brain didn't take it like the smell of your strawberry sugar cum."
"Sis what are you saying? I thought the crown freaked you out like Lucy. Are you saying you knew already?"
"No sis I'm saying I know what that vision means and my Mommy needs to hear what I said to her when I first saw her at the start of our trip to get home here. She needs to hear it herself don't give anymore hints please."
The Dreams show me a tornado when I try to reach for the memory. Huh? Auntie Em? Picking up my house whooshing it off to Oz?
Reaching for the memory again takes me back to Colleen's brother's house instead it was nice there Colleen was taking care of me and I felt free of of of something what cares does a five year old even have and why does trying to remember the moment I met Lyra in Stamford take me here?
She said a lot of things I missed them no she repeated herself because I was sleeping she would know which one was the first I was awake for --utie what was it I heard something like what she was saying but it wasn't the exact words come on, wake up, cutie what words sound like that that she would say to me would she call me cutie she would say would say would say COME ON, WAKE UP, USE ME--no, that isn't right RGH!
Come on, take me, beautiful.
--still doesn't feel right cocksleeve I'm trying but I can't remember I don't--
The Dreams show me a beautiful makeup case with pink satin quilted sides and a white leather edge and gold hardware, perfect for a Strawberry Princess it's beautiful I want it but WHY IS THAT HERE DREAMS I DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS!
"That's a beautiful makeup display case! I think we all see the same visions, yeah? Boobsqueeze I have one like that in my cargo hold! As soon as we finish here I'm getting it for you. It's just what a Strawberry Princess needs to keep all her makeup! Klapta, get off now, it's time to do her artwork and glitter! Boobsqueeze I have a design that goes on your shoulder and arm but you'd have to let go for me to paint it. If you have to stay holding Lyra, that's okay, but I think you would like this one!"
There's an answer that fits the syllables and sounds like cutie, but--I twist my grip on Lyra tighter--
The Dreams again, now showing tight-coiled copper wire--that's the antenna to the AM radio I built from a kit when I was a kid. I spent hours listening, fascinated with how it could draw enough power from the air to be audible, it was nothing but a resonator and the sound was crunchy-mushy and tiny like the voice of my videogame eravahk so the words would sometimes...sound like other words...yes Dreams I figured that part out already--they're responding--
Twilight Sparkle and Spike in the chariot on the way to Ponyville the first time. Being sent from Canterlot to live in the small town, but I'm already from an obscure farming town and Mama's whole project is making me feel like the Princess I technically am by blood, so this can't make sense unless--
Some kind of pink crystal what does that mean I don't know anything about rocks cocksleeve?
Mommy that looks like either salt from the Himalayas or maybe rose quartz the both mean healing though, salt purifies things like how cleaning them physically sucks toxins into the salt and out of what you're cleaning and actually Amethyst looks more like that Amethyst helps you take care of people.
Why would they show that now? Cocksleeve I know what you called me but, it, that's impossible!
"Cocksleeves get ready, we're doing something very extreme now."
Lyra stands, lifting all of us, and my heart leaps at the idea of riding her even through the panic.
"Hang on tight everybody!"
"HERE WE GO PRAH!"
She seems as if to flap or leap and everything changes and we're in some kind of whirlwind and then--what the fuck is this where are we WHY IS IT MAKING ME CRY!?
It's dark, and firelight flickers on the closed curtains of a huge bed. We're all still squeezed together on Lyra's back--
«Come on, wake up, Lucy!»
I was RIGHT what the FUCK except it's coming from the bed, not Lyra I'm riding and it's not English but I know what she said because--because--cocksleeve did you fork without--no of course not what in the FUCK what is this cocksleeve you said I can't possibly have any past lives, especially not ones with you in them what the hell is this!?
It's not past life Mommy you remembered that's why you're so scared now.
I look around wildly, taking in the pink-and-white decor in the firelit shadows, the bed against the thick outside wall with the deep window-nook to the left and the fireplace to the left of that with the door to the left of that and all--all--
The air is perfumed with something sweet and floral, familiar, I inhale it with happy familiar reflex, and the memories start.
--a shiningly iridescent scent-warmer made of of of of joustwhale horn, black blobs of smell-candy floating in their little sea of water on top of it, glow from the candle-place under the top dish--
What the hell what the fuck HOW--with an iron grip on her horns I turn Lyra the other way, to face face face to face all my toys--from the bed, other-Lyra's sweet voice rings out the beginning of playtime, but her voice sounds, sounds, it--
--the wobbly nervous feeling of Becoming a Woman Soon, Lyra's patient smiley encouragement being the only practice-dummy either of us would allow as Verana her name blurts out of my soul but this was title-time though as the the the high priestess taught me how to use--
...the little birch paddle with its pretty twisted joustwhale-horn handle that's hanging up beside the white-gold-and-strawberry throne in the middle of the far wall behind my princessly-huge collection of toys and toys.
--a simple wooden box filled with something shimmering-dark that fell from the stars and then Lyra is jumping out of it at me all silvery taily fun--
The box is there, in pride of place, full of the weird outer-space stuff Lyra could possess and make a body from without seeming to make the box any less full, but somehow it's a gift from my family, not random space debris--wait that stuff is heartstone--behind it is--
--candy, the smell of gingerbread so strong in the memory my mouth waters, the long the the Heartwarming was what we called the winter holiday the long table of the Heartwarming feast with houses of candy-bread with the exotic spice and all kind of other fun, Lyra getting a heaping plate of good things for me--
Which is where my mind goes for some reason when I see the pedestal with the little shrine to the what was it Sugarfeast Fairy patron of our spring holiday with its statue of her all glowing with magic and her hair and wings all--
--a weird memory of just being at Disneyworld, the bricks of a plaza in the Magic Kingdom someplace and wonder was pounding through me but not for the castle or rides--
And there, impossibly, at the feet of the Sugarfeast Fairy, is my Mickey Mouse cup, from--but how could--the Sugarfeast Fairy brought fun happy things from other worlds, like the heartstone, and they were sacred to her, anything hard to imagine in the world you came from was so that's what her shrine got.
--the bonfires on either side of the path glaring on my veil and glowing on Lyra's horns and mane as we ride up. She looks back flirtily, then the scene changes and I'm turning around with my dark veil still making everything hard to see. Someone touches my head, soothing cold metal running down from my (heh) crown over my forehead and past my face but I'm motionless because it's a knife spiltting my veil in half, then the knife's user skillfully but terrifyingly hooks it on the top of my bodice and slices down between by breasts and on to the floor and the sun is rising outside the doors of the temple but the whole memory is bent with the way Lyra kneeling to my right pulled me to look at her--
A sob chokes in my throat as the emotions of this day boil up and fight with the bitterness of the coming of age I remember from what less and less seems like the real world. The knife is mounted on the wall behind the Sugarfeast Fairy's head, because, it, that was, was my first--
--the stone-scented prickle of the morning air in the temple on my newly-bare skin as Verana turns the knife's handle to me with a wicked smile and when I take it steps aside and I command Lyra into her place, and hook the hook at the tip of oh my GOD the literal bodice ripper into the gather at the top of her black demon's veil--
Hanging above the Sugarfeast shrine is the tapestry made in honor of our Unveiling, shaped like a storybook, with me and Lyra naked before the crowd, seen from behind with the rising sun in the background outside the doors, hands held and raised, on one page, and on the other words that say, that say--
--that is very bright, said Star--
--and I realize I've been so distracted ogling Lyra's embroidered curves I didn't see the scene is dark except our gold-and-silver-thread flesh. Even the sun with its rays shining in is just yellow velvet.
--the space and rush of being naked on stage, it's dark, the crowd is quiet but looms to my right, Lyra's to my left standing naked and silvery, the supplicant with her mousish manner kneels in front of Lyra, there's light but where is it coming from--
A huge globe stands beside the Sugarfeast Fairy's idol, stuck all over with little pins shaped like crowns to show places we traveled doing that--the ritual--no, service--in the darkness I can't make out the continents and my brain pastes a map of Earth into the parchment-and-ink void.
--darkness again, that same weird light in it making only Lyra glow as she crawls to me with in her mouth some toy or pair of cuffs that was so much less important than the smile around it as she kneels up to present it proudly, and I can feel the crowd to my right again, I liked to perform with them on my right--
WAIT HOW THE SCREAMING STRAWBERRY FUCK IS MOBILE ARMATRON HERE Lyra's mouth was empty she was just happily getting off on being tail-controllered and I was demonstrating RC mode without her tail connecting it but how is the inspiration for that that should be blown to atoms with the rest of Stamford or rescued by my game for me instead sitting here taking up most of the stage-right side of the Sugarfeast Fairy's pedestal!?
--Lyra, at the end of her leash, kneeling in snow, showing me a tiny purple-and yellow flower between her knees. The strange black road with yellow paint for miles and miles as if the cart-wheels wouldn't just rub it away instantly sings it stinky-good song in my nose from behind us--
Johnny jump-ups--but we lived on Plowstar--AAAH OUCH MY HEAD--I twist away from the impossible shrine to escape the pain--
--something like a hall of mirrors all around us it was beautiful but I could see Lyra and myself from all different angles we used it for lots of things but it was made to give us a way to see what the high priestess was describing of where my technique for enjoying Lyra could improve--
There it is, three huge mirrors like a changing room, along the same was as the bed, to my throne's right, just like I expect it to be. Next to it is the silky soft sex-table not the right word altar it was a sacred thing it looks like a foot-rest from a giant-sized easy-chair all strawberry embroidered silk and Lyra shoved it in front of the mirrors for me to have sex after morning time...
--bondage lessons. Always check there's space for two fingers inside the cuff, and if your pet can slip out of that, too bad, find another game. Keep the freeing-knife as sharp and ready as a handmaiden's stiletto. For steel, have spare keys everywhere. I hated rope for being so beautiful yet hard to work with, knots confounded me until I practiced and practiced them, and I'd rather just stick Lyra to a pentagram--
Which is standing right there next to the mirror-set, made out of glass with silver-gold tracks inlaid to make the star and words from. It looks obsidian now, but when the sun rises my realm will shine through the window it's over, and I can feel powerful toying with Lyra in front of the world that will be mine one day. In our medieval world, that huge sheet of glass cost as much as this castle did, no it didn't, wait--
--the heat and smoke of the royal glass-blower's workshop, the the three of us in some big basement or something and her mixing the powders for us and pouring the huge amounts of it needed into sparkling purple fields Lyra made, the volume changes as the powder melts into glass so I'm below the glass-blower on her ladder blasting it with light (how can I control it like that the castle should be slag if I'm mad enough to glow at all) to melt it all as the glass-blower keeps adding it, it's brutally hot but we all kind of like that on this cold winter night, the fields looked so swirly and beautiful where I touched and my light went through them and I was proud of how they would do the impossible here and make the glass clear and strong like hardened steel, Tempered glass, said the textbook on the table behind us, English-ly--
Shaking, I look around more, feeling like I'll break from longing--
«Princess Lucy, chamber-toy!»
It's coming from the bed again, again not English but I know what I said because I remember, haughty and playful with childish entitlement--literally, gah--I wheel us to face it, unbelieving, as other-Lyra replies the sound of being fucked very heartily as Mama would put it--
Snapped from the memories, I jump a mile and almost send Lyra flapping into the ceiling as someone with a very nice round ass in something like a belly-dancer outfit with a long and flowing narrow tail of gauzy stuff and fun arm-bangles but definitely no top of any kind rushes past and stops for a moment in front of the bed, bounces to jingle all of her outfit's jingly-things but in a weirdly perfunctory way not like the Princess' morning entertainment is announcing itself--
«Good morning!»
Lyra-in-the-bed's voice is sweet and high and cheerful and not at all phased that someone's come to say hi while we're fucking.
The--holy fuck this is one of my or my mom's handmaidens I thought the books were just that way for porniness but apparently fucking not because she was ninja-silent despite all the bells and stuff until she jingled herself--handmaiden reaches out and throws the curtain open and there we are mid-fuck and the other Lyra looks up and smiles cutely and waves and there peeking out from behind Lyra's upraised wings exactly so the scene stays PG like has to get on TV is me glowing softly with delight--
«Betrayal. Come quickly.»
Um, I don't think that's what she meant, past self--in the bed, other-Lyra thanks my younger self for the orgasm and my light pulses bright and shines with an angry overtone--oh god dammit the cum/come pun doesn't exist in this language she said what other-me obviously heard--
I--oh--r A g E -._-.,,_ . . .
--a thin man with long slicked-back black hair and a shiny mustache, I'm laying on my side looking at him, my mom's voice is coming from out of my view and she sounds indignant, he opens his mouth to talk back and a pair of handmaidens seem to just pop in from nowhere they move so fast and Take Him Away--
Hey, Lucy, you alright? sis?
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
--looking up the strange tower of metal sticks and wires with its magic lantern on top flashing away, watching the gate close on our home forever--
HOLY FUCK SO FURIOUS
My blood seems to turn to liquid starfire as it all fits together and I remember. To heartform in our world was a holy calling, your seedling a gift from paradise, to interfere with it sacrilege that would invite unspeakable retribution, and it made not just the heartformer blessed, but would save the whole world, one day, from a prophecy of doom of what would happen if enough of the population of this weird prison universe made by an insane god can't bring to bear their magic to open the locked-from-the-inside worldgate that right now reaches only the strange poured-stone-and-metal jungle America, to paradise. Our religion worked on this tirelessly. We traveled the globe, making dreamskins in person for the world that hadn't invented VCRs yet, not just to bring the gift of heartforming far and wide, but to show enough of that paradise that people would stop being afraid to pray for it.
--soothing darkness. Someone is touching me, arranging me so I sit right, but not for properness. I have to be comfortable. Then a voice starts, telling the story that will take me there, to look for my special friend--
She implanted from a sacred text about beautiful forest where everything was safe, but even if Genesis is a pretty great Dreamskin it's not her Dreamskin, and it wasn't a trick to sneak past Christianity.
Our relationship was about as secret, and as heretical, as our sex just now obviously was--our younger selves and the handmaiden are gone already, I suddenly realize.
"I was so proud of you," I whisper.
"I WAS SO PROUD TO BE FAVORITE HANDMAIDEN TO PRINCESS LUCY OF STRAWBERRIES! IT WAS WONDERFUL AND THEY SMASHED IT ALL PRINCESS I'M FURIOUS!"
My teeth rattle, but not from fear this time.
"Me too."
--pulling the silken wrapping back from a present to reveal the beauty of a black mirror made from a single slice of polished obsidian with the edges wrapped in pink silk and ribbons. Lyra's smiling demon-child's face appears in it, then letters, and an image of her tail with a lens slides up from the bottom, and my own toddler's voice squeals thank you mommy--
Lyra was a precious gift my family loved proudly at court from the very first moment, and I was a hero for implanting at such a young age. Somehow that's as real as WeeJee isn't your friend.
Is more real.
As for paradise, we had its coordinates for the worldgate, just as precise as you please. They started Outside time, Dreamer and Dreamer and Dreamer...
--Verana drawing a strange occult sign and holding it for us to focus on as we step onto the black stone star-circle with its silver five-pointed star opens like an eye as we quickly step back to the rim to show the pointed top of the other world's strange metal tower that we're supposed to climb down--
And all of that now is about to come crashing down for one stupid pathetic traitor--AAAAAH! My head pounds with rage inexpressible as I remember it, the trap, walking us into a prison because they they they AAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!
--the pain of seeing it sit there idle on the pedestal, the Lego Launch & Load Seaport, exactly like the one I remember sitting built and unplayed-with on my dresser in Stamford reminding me of something that saddened me I thought was my passing childhood but understand isn't now, I never played with this one either but that wasn't why I wanted it--
--another set, the Whirl & Wheel Supertruck with its tractor-trailer carrying a chopper, the same thing happened, I thought this for sure would, would, ow GRAAAAH--
We brought things from the other world, through that gate, I Lucy the Strawberry Princess went to Disneyworld and brought back souvenirs, and, and, they couldn't see. Those things could have changed our world, but they just piled them up in a Library for "study", the rigid unimaginative grey-hearted advisors to my mom who wielded more influence than they should have and who were perfectly fine with how the Empire worked medievally.
I brought those Lego sets specifically to get them to imagine what was possible. Surely, even to people so hidebound as to not understand why electric light was cool, the idea of cargo ships big enough to just load four of our greatest merchant ships on their deck with plenty of room in the hold still for the barrels of necromantic goo that powered it all or ingots of the cursed metal that could be made into fireworks that'd level a city and poison the land for generations would make it worth understanding them enough build our own, and show our enemies what real power was. Those things terrified me, but I thought they would spark the cold fireplaces of the advisors' minds.
Little did I know there was nothing to spark.
I tried again later with the Supertruck, something less dark, maybe they weren't as cold-hearted as I was thinking the first time. What would the power be of the Queen appearing anywhere in our empire in mere hours--or minutes if it was close enough to just fly? Wasn't her beauty like something from the stars?
Still they ignored what was possible.
I brought the Lego sets purposefully. I could have brought realistic models, but we had modelmakers as good as anything Earth had. What we didn't have, were machines that could make the consistency Legos have. It broke my mind the first time I saw it, that Auto Chassis in the safehouse. How could they be made like that? I showed our best stonecarver, the one who did fine statues for the royal family like the Sugarfeast Fairy here, two simple blocks, and asked her to duplicate them. It took her half a day to make them fit the Lego bricks as well as they fit each other. She could make things beautifully and skillfully with straight lines and perfect curves, but the Lego bricks were precise beyond human sight--I made Lyra measure them with her demon-powers and gaped at the way she had to write the numbers like the court philosopher to be able to say them at all. And these were children's toys. The power to make that would make us invincible, and transform the lives of our subjects, I said.
Deaf ears.
That's not a capital crime, shortsighted as it was, but it's not what I'm angry at. All this is just an explanation a human might comprehend, the gravel at the foot of the space elevator of their thoughtlessness, the blind royal advisors a face to give the monster that trapped us on Earth for the lifetime I refuse to remember.
We've landed as ghosts like Mama described can happen with time-travel, but I can feel it coming, the sense of time going soft so we can affect this place.
Cocksleeve is it in time. Does the crack open soon enough. You can tell this stuff--
THAT'S WHY I'M FURIOUS MOMMY IT ONLY OPENS AFTER WE GO THROUGH THE GATE TO ESCAPE FROM HIM!
Lucy you guys scary and if you're this pissed off I want in on taking a piece out of whatever's biting you! Phasers or knifeblades, what're we fighting this time?
Have you ever heard the phrase 'too stupid to live'?
Yeah and I think we're to find out who is today!
Traitor-guy thought Lyra made me too emotional to control my light properly, and had just tried to assassinate me, and we knew he'd just be the first of many so we left.
My mom ran in fear from it, but I promised I'd be back, and see justice.
Try THIS ENTIRE WORLD.
Sis she's okay, right? I feel her anger so loud it's blowing out everything.
NOT AS LOUD AS YOU WILL WHEN THAT CRACK OPENS!
My blood is fusion plasma pounding through an absolute-zero heart of Bose-Einstein condensate.
I can feel it, the nub of a path I'd follow through what I want to accomplish here like the path through the skies of Venom. Just take the first step and keep blasting:
That thing with Dreamer's rock in the Five Pointed Star is literally true, right? Once the time-crack opens you can get stuff out like that pizza shop my game promised?
Mommy yes they'll be able to it's under the stationery on the writing desk I remember the last time using it perfectly and the tag you want is in the back of the case of it just be sure to also take the silky part and you'll have everything! Sis this black mirror you're seeing this right?
[VIsion: Princess' black mirror with silk around the edges]
Pirate commission accepted you guys!
Boobsqueeze I'm not stopping there! I can use her cargo-holds just as easily in this world! Just tell me the important things!
The box the paddle the--everything--there's a library. Cocksleeve show your sister the way and where the good stuff is if you can remember.
Sis check this out rrraaah!
Got it--you're kidding me. How the fuck--
I don't know either just that my Prin--Mommy needs stuff and this is where to get it and I can't go because I'm helping with other stuff!
My storybook Mommy it will take lots of time should I still ask them to?
Yes. Especially that.
--the inside of a temple to the Sugarfeast Fairy at the altar end, we're facing the wall--
--looking out over the crowd at some-kind of rainbow-themed festival, it's dark and everyone is dressed in black-and-neon rainbow-colorful clothes but it looks more like an Earthling rave which, because, wait is that the overhead four-screens thing of a like an indoor stadium and me and Lyra on it waving which is what we're doing where I'm standing--
Somehow this draws my eyes to a little Lego tour bus at the foot of the Sugarfeast Fairy--
Mommy I'm jumping you listen please that was you and me on Earth after this it wasn't just a bad thing that we left! Earth had a life for us that was wonderful! Can't you see how happy we are on that screen up there? Look how many people there are! That's a bigger empire than this one! Keep remembering, there's so much more to this!
UNTIL IT GOT FUCKING ERASED AND I GOT TURNED INTO THE KID OF A PRIEST OF LITERALLY THE DEVIL IN OUR RELIGION AND YOU GOT TURNED INTO A GHOST!
The barbarians here mainly worshiped a sky-god who was brutish and narcissistic and a raging misogynist. Watch him exist and be the same guy, I just know it.
"Boobsqeeze what's hurting you I can feel you hurting just being close to you!"
Mama's physical voice by my ear warms me but it just seems to fan the flames inside me. My whole face shakes, and I can't move. Rage pounds through me but I can't find where or how to turn it.
When I finally find the words, my voice is the frozen void between galaxies:
"They wouldn't see. I showed them so kindly and gently and tried to inspire them and they wouldn't see and they had generations before me of people better at it than we were. They just kept shivering in the dark because something new came to town and it was ever so slightly different than what they'd seen before they had generations to get used to the idea and the blessings of the priestesses and they wouldn't SEE they didn't need to do anything I wasn't saying everyone had to heartform or leave or anything all they had to do was yes let the door open and they couldn't even do that they sat there on the threshold with their thumbs up their asses because they'd rather have this hell than literally heaven! I see I get it we've been trying to teach me the value of nostalgia and familiarity and how much people need that stability so I'll feel for them well FUCK THAT all I've learned is how blind they are to think the Four Dreams can't give them the same comfort they gave me! NO MORE I'M DONE SELLING IT THE PROPHECY'S CALLING ASSHOLES DID YOU THINK IT WAS JUST A TABLOID HOROSCOPE TO SPILL COFFEE ON!?"
"Lucy what--oooh waffle-fried sunday bacon Captain I know why she's saying that."
Yes, people heartformed, and loved to see their Princess play with her seedling when we came to town...but despite that and our sweetness and my silly clowning to make it all seem less scary, despite the things I did like those Lego sets just try to spark people's imaginations at all let alone to the easy heights of the Four Dreams, barbarians and so many of our own people turned away in fear or the disdain the allegedly strong wrap around their cowering.
Enough that the gate would never open.
Which is why there was a prophecy of doom to give those whose only emotion could ever be fear something worse to cower from than a door to a new world you didn't even have to walk through.
I've read it already once, and it seemed like silly gibberish, because it was given in the ploddingly literal English translation of the idiom of its original language, the tongue of the Strawberry Empire.
Trust the Dreams to build into that the map to its fulfillment, and then hide what they were doing from everyone but my rec.arts.startrek.tech-reading ass by passing the text of each monolith through successive software revisions from the pre-TOS era to whatever came after First Contact of the Federation's clinical-sounding, sci-fi-tinted, and idiom-incompetent Universal Translator to get it from Strawberry to English.
Lucy, her eyes open. Lyra, bwaha her legs wide--
"Where's the storybook, cocksleeve."
I think I can remember but I want to be wrong.
"Mommy in Colleen's hand where she fell when she got stabbed by the assassin."
Time to apocalypse: 12'14"
Time to ending: 17'29"
"Crepes! How is the world ending suddenly!?"
"Mommy's ending it. SO AM I MOMMY LET'S BURN THIS PLACE!"
"Because until this moment there was a tiny slight chance I might have had some mercy. Cocksleeve, tell them where. I want my storybook. Mama, I don't know if the Dreams will let you and I don't know if you'll let you and I don't know you should let you and don't waste your time searching but if you should find any assassins you're going to need that gun from the episode where the creepy merchant guy kidnaps Data."
Rraah here you go sis!
"Boobsqueeze I get you and I'll handle this. I have a very interesting way of showing them how upset you are, don't think I'll be nice to them!"
"Give 'em hell as literally as you can, Mama."
I sure wish I could give--Mama.
What's the most poetic revenge I can wreak on this world? How can a whole planet of people regret their wish for an unending feudalist museum piece that never changes no matter what new technology or wonder from beyond the stars touches it?
Easy.
By giving it to them.
But only the parts they'd be least interested in.
Which is to say, everything that was good about this world.
"All my life on Earth I've dealt with people making the world a hole because they can't imagine the simplest things, live in fear of change, have technology that could remake the world if only they could see past their own stupid noses, brutalize people for not having sex the way their monkey ancestors did if that even happened the way they think. I thought that was one of Earth's biggest problems, but I'd forgotten just how bad it can be."
"A worldgate is a technology that comes with responsibilities, like any new tech. If you make fission reactors, you have to deal with the waste. If you make a worldgate, and have the address of paradise, and you've been there in journey as children, for generations, you as a culture no longer have the luxury of being afraid or needing time to adjust to what that means for you. The people suffering for the lack of the things that world has for them do not have time for your discomfort. The accumulated blood of every wound down to the smallest stubbed toe but MOST OF ALL as far as I'm concerned me and Lyra being trapped on Earth in that world so bad I blacked it out of my own skull is on the hands of every person on this planet since that combination existed who failed to say yes let that door open NOW and I'm calling them to account for it."
"Mama, don't worry, I'm not erasing the Strawberry Dynasty you grew up with."
"I'm creating it."Garbage Pickup in Hampton, NY
From the inner city to the surrounding suburbs, selecting proper garbage pickup in Hampton, NY and a company to handle it is important, not only for you, but your neighbors as well. This is why Casella provides residents with professional waste control and garbage pickup in Hampton, NY that works for them and is eco-friendly. Call Casella today about garbage pickup in Hampton, NY near you.
Casella Garbage Pickup in Hampton, NY: High-Quality Service, Competitive Pricing
Our personalized approach to residential garbage pickup in Hampton, NY is built around your needs, so you can have a garbage pickup service that works for you. Choose between simple weekly pickups or personalized waste collections programs. Casella leads the way in industry innovations and waste reduction by offering customized garbage pickup in Hampton, NY and waste solutions to the communities we serve.
> Hampton, NY.
Ready to get started? Simply fill out our online form or call us today at 518-636-4423 to find out more.
The value of choosing Casella goes far beyond our competitive garbage pickup in Hampton,.SCM-Manager 2.16.0
Posted on 2021-03-26 by SCM-Team
Hey SCM-Manager community,
We have made some radical changes in the last releases, and sometimes this breaks things. So we have not come around of fixing some more or less minor bugs the last weeks. But of course we also have new nice features for you: To reveal internals, we…
Posted in scm-manager, releaseAriane Hanna August 19, 2021 worksheet.
o If there are no pictures on the worksheet then give them a sheet of paper to draw and color the items and then cut them out and paste them onto the worksheet
Younger students need worksheets that are easy to follow and understand. There are certain principles or guides how to make these worksheets suitable for young learns. Writing worksheets need to be age- appropriate and comprehensive.
I have used goal setting worksheets for a number of years to accomplish goals. Today I want to review with you how I have used goal setting worksheets successfully in my.
Archive
Recent Post
Most Popular
Latest Review
Latest News
Recent PostPodcasts PODCASTS with Nevada WierThe Future Of ... PHOTOGRAPHYJanuary 2, 2020Nevada Wier joins Azam and Vasie to discuss the future of photographyLink to iTunesLearn Educate Discover PodcastEp 31 Nevada WierApril 14, 2016Sonali Mangal Interviews Nevada WierLink to iTunesBeyond The NoiseJanuary 29, 2015Nevada Wier joins Azam and Vasie to discuss the future of photographyLink to WebsiteArt Beat Santa FeSeptember 2013Interview with Nevada Wier & Janet RussekPhoto Tips Blog - Nevada WierSeptember 16, 2011Julie Waterhouse interviews Nevada WierDepth of Field Podcast: Part 1 September 2009Matt Brandon Interviews Nevada WierLink to iTunesDepth of Field Podcast: Part 2September 2009Matt Brandon interviews Nevada WierLink to iTunesThe Candid Frame Episode #80: Nevada WierAugust 2009Ibarionex interviews Nevada WierLink to iTunesKnit Pro ZOONI Stitch Markers in Colored Beads
£4.49
Write a review
All markers come in a set of 7 including 1 unique marker
The easy way to inject a little fun into your accessory collection, KnitPro's Zooni Bead Stitch Marker collection offers you a mix of zany and artistic markers that are guaranteed to make you smile! Presented in a lovely gold mesh bag for protection and storage, these little sets make perfect gifts for any craft lover. With a delicate bendable wire that won't damage your needles, these markers will fit needle sizes up to 7.00mm.
These gentle little birds are a soft white with a dash of purple/grey to keep you peaceful during your crafting.Mom.
Interesting. Haven't been to any conventions like that, but my teen - and my guy - would definitely enjoy. Have to see what similar things happen in this area.
Y'know, since you brought up the topic of generation gaps, thought I'd mention something.
In that excerpt for Dark of Heart you posted a couple weeks ago, the mention of the nose piercing? That would have gotten eye rolls from the teens in my small rural town here in Oregon. Common. Belly button - almost as much. The kind of conversation you were describing would only happen in regard to piercing of regions farther south, male or female.
I LOVE that Lego Landscape!
I've taken my youngest and her friends twice to Nan Desu Kan, an anime convention out here in Denver. My kid is all about the costumes. She saves up to buy them or make them. Yeah, some of the anime costumes are revealing. Luckily my girl isn't into those. One year her and her friends made power puff girl costumes.
They are neat to go to.
Your commment about bedhead cracked me up. Sometimes my kids don't want to comb their hair before school and they tell me "It's anime hair!" like it's supposed to look like that.
Their head, their hair. If they want to go out in public looking like a pokemon character, I let them.
I love the generation gap thing -- I took my first step into the older generation way back when I scoffed at MySpace and told someone it would never catch on. Eep. Now I try to never underestimate which way the world will go. :) My chicks are 5 and 1 years old. I can't wait to see what their generation comes up with.
Or... maybe I can.
Cool mom brownie points to you. :) I took my boys to the New England Web Comics Weekend last fall and although this was *far* smaller than you describe, I had some of the same experiences and joy watching the atendees as you did. My take on the 'young people are so rude these days' is that is BS, based on folks not willing to bridge the gap.
Love the LEGO! Looks like a great time. BTW, for a reasonable monthly fee you can subscribe to Crunchyroll and watch tons of anime. Highly recommend Bleach, Ranma 1/2, Trigun (old classic), Reborn.
I've passed turning into my mother and feel like a granny when I look at these photos. I am so out of touch since my kids got their own lives...
Worth all of the cost and even the bad food just to get a sight of James Marsters, IMO! Sounds like it was a fun experience for you. And I'm sure your writer's mind has pulled all kinds of ideas out of the whole thing. Whenever I had to attend an event that might not be my first choice, I always go into it thinking that I'll play the social scientist and mentally catalog ideas for future stories. So there's a bonus for spending quality time with your kids besides simply enjoying their company.
I've been going to conventions since the '70s. They are ALL like this. People are there because of their common interests, so hey feel an affinity for one another that just isn't found in most conferences. Many feel isolated and singled out because they like "that weird stuff," and going to a convention is like going home, or going to that place "where everybody knows your name." I think I encountered a rude person maybe twice in all that time, in spite of overcrowded facilities and overheated people. The weapons you saw were almost certainly props. Real weapons are extremely heavy and not convenient to carry around the con all day. A word of advice: pack sandwiches! Convention center food is universally horrid, no matter where you go. I'm about to go to Wondercon tomorrow, and expecting to have a wonderful time, looking at the costumes, meeting with editors and artists, and tracking down old friends. You don't say how old you are, but I can tell you that I'm in my 50s and always feel tired at the end of the day, but satisfied and refreshed.
Con goers, unlike the pack o' teens who left a pile of groceries they weren't going to buy, are frequently more polite...particularly at the con.
Even though there are weapons carried, there are rules and things like "peace bondings" that keep them secure.
I've been helping my DIL get ready for her second Con. It's a huge process. She comes over once a week and we sew on her costume and will be working on my sons after hers are done. Watching her building and dying her Con wig is amazing. Did you know you can dye a wig green with sharpies? LOL
Helping make the costumes for the first Con has really made me free to create in other areas of my life and given me the title of "Best Mother in Law of the World"Subject
Scholars who research "Marketing" look at the study and management of exchange relationships.
A few notable experts of "Marketing" include Jim Joseph, Dave Wieneke, Karen Russell, John Deighton.
Why study "Marketing"? With its focus on the customer, marketing is one of the premier components of business management.
Several topics in "Marketing" include product, sales, production, societal marketing.
"Commerce" is the conduct of trade among economic agents. Goals of "Commerce" include continue their education in business. History, Spices, Medicine are a few themes of "Commerce". A few scholars of...
Marketingwith Sagefy?
Marketing, adapted for you. Free.
Marketing. Anyone can view, share, create, and edit content. Because anyone can contribute, you can learn anything you want.
Adapted for you. Sagefy optimizes learning about
Marketing based on what you already know. Get the most out of your time and effort spent.Fitness Cable Machine Resistance Bands Workout Grips Attachments Gym Handles and Ankle Strap Set .
₨39.99Compare
Description
Description:
◆Premium materials, every material aspect of these handles is premium quality.
◆Great for lat pull downs on exercise machine, pullups and other hanging exercises.
◆Thick woven nylon webbing, and heavy duty stitching, and have a nice texture on the handles.
◆They are designed to take the most punishing resistance bands and even cable machine workouts.
◆Use the accessories with our resistance bands that have an innovative and practical attachment loop or your favorite machine.
◆Perfect for resistance bands, home gyms, and cable machines, bowfle machine, Smith machine, fitness machines, exercise pull-down.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Notify me when the price drops
We will email you if we find a lower price on this product!
You can also check Intense Moisture Anti-Aging Face Cream | Tone & Tighten Skin with Retinol, and H3 Retinol Anti-Wrinkle Serum Night Skin Care Treatment Anti Aging 10 x 2 ml New for a better comparison at Retinoli.biz.DescriptionRetinol and Palmitat known to help photoluminescence phenomena.Active embedded in molecular film that it oxidation improves Vitamin A is effective in effects The combined action of to the the epidermis outside of wrinkle improvement the smooth, youthful skin.Way of be used 2 to 3 times a week alone or combination with Gerovital wrinkle cream, preferably not with other with retinol, exposure ultraviolet rays avoided.This Jamaican Chickpea Stew recipe makes a quick and easy vegetarian meal with Jamaican-spiced black beans and chickpeas and served over brown rice.
Having grown up in an area where there are more ethnic food restaurants than American-style restaurants, I’ve had an interest in international cooking ever since I knew how to sauté an onion. While a typical teenager would frequent burger or pizza joints, my friends and I made the rounds at our local Thai, Japanese, Mexican, and Indian restaurants. As a result, I’m always excited at the prospect of cooking up new-to-me food.
When I saw Cooking Light’s recipe for Jamaican Chicken Stew, I instantly knew I wanted to give a meatless version a shot. To me, there is nothing more satisfying than a flavorful stew served over hot brown rice. Plus, I was eager to learn about another international cuisine. So I fired up the ol’ Google and learned all about Jamaican food.
About the Recipe
Along with its beautiful beaches, Jamaica is known for its vibrant and flavorful food. Jamaican cuisine is influenced by a number of other countries and continents, including Spain, Africa, England, India, China, and France. A typical main dish includes spiced seafood or chicken with rice and beans or peas. Curries and stews made with flavorful spices are commonplace, and fried plantains are normally served alongside. Beverages are just as fun as the food, as Jamaicans are famous for their fresh fruit juices, ginger beer, homemade sodas, and let’s not forget: rum!
This recipe incorporates many of the typical flavors used in Jamaican cooking, but instead of using chicken for the stew, I made it meatless by adding a can of chickpeas. I also omitted the capers from the inspiration recipe because I didn’t have any on hand, and I knew the stew would be flavorful enough without them.
I was amazed by how easy this Jamaican Chickpea Stew was to make. It requires just two steps: sauté the onion with the spices, then simmer with the remaining ingredients for 15 minutes. Plus, the ingredients list is super simple. Between your spice cabinet and your pantry, I’m willing to bet you already have all of the ingredients on hand to do dinner island-style.
Jamaican Chickpea Stew
This simple, spicy, and satisfying vegetarian stew takes only 20 minutes to whip up. Inspired by Cooking Light’s Jamaican Chicken Stew.
- Prep Time: 5 minutes
- Cook Time: 20 minutes
- Total Time: 25 minutes
- Yield: 4 servings
Ingredients
- 1 tbsp olive oil
- 1 medium yellow onion, diced
- 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
- 1 1/2 tsp curry powder
- 1 tsp dried thyme
- 1/2 tsp ground allspice
- 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
- salt, to taste
- 1/4 cup dry red wine
- 1 (15 oz) can black beans, drained and rinsed
- 1 (15 oz) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed
- 1 (14.5 oz) can diced tomatoes, undrained
For serving:
Instructions
- Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic and sauté until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the curry powder, thyme, allspice, red pepper flakes, and salt; cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
- Stir in the red wine, black beans, chickpeas, and tomatoes. Bring to a full boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Taste and add additional salt if desired. Serve over brown rice.
Notes
Preparation tip: If your rice isn’t already cooked, start it about 15 minutes before you make the stew. It should be ready right about the same time the stew is!
This recipe was originally published on 4 June 2014.
Credit: Source linkTina’s No Cook PB cookies have been popping up all over the place lately! I knew I had to try them for myself! I already had all the ingredients in my panty (I am sure you most people do) and it literally took 5 minutes, if that, to make!
Ingredients:
- 1/2 cup dry oats
- 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
- 1/4 cup peanut butter (chunky or smooth)
- 1/4 cup agave nectar
- Cinnamon (optional)
I did a little agave/honey combo and it gave the cookies a little extra sweetness.
Directions:
- Combine all ingredients in a bowl and mix
- Line a baking sheet (or plate) with wax paper
- Use a tablespoon to scoop batter onto wax paper and flatten into a cookie shape
- Sprinkle with cinnamon (optional)
- Put cookies in refrigerator to cool overnight
These were so easy and quick to make. They are also great for a quick little snack. I put a few in a little baggie and take them with me on the go! I feel like next time, I could make them look a little more ‘cookie-like’ but I liked how they turned out! Very raw looking!
These are great for a little energy boost! And I loved the crunchiness of the oats and the peanut butter is always a welcome addition to any recipe in my book!
I also love the fact that the possibilities are endless with this no cook recipe. I know Tina has revamped the recipe and added granola and almond butter. Great combinations! I will have to try that next time.
Ok, these may not be the prettiest cookies in town, but they are pretty tasty!
Do you have any suggestions for ingredients to add to this recipe?
Don’t forget to enter my Bolder Yoga Mat Giveaway!
4 Comments
i've definitely made a few variations on this, way before I saw it there and they are delici!
Ooh – these look really good. I think I'll try to make them this weekend (I'm all for NOT baking sometimes).
i am going to make these!! i think with choc chips! 🙂 and i just saw you have another half on the horizon! nice! the cooler weather will be nicer than NYC i think 🙂
any recipe that involves the words "no cook" and "peanut butter" are winners in my book!Branislav Trifunovic (photo), the Serbian actor who was the only person to make a speech at the recent anti-government protest in Belgrade, said that about 15,000 “pretty angry citizens” attended the rally. The gathering was organized after the beating of Borko Stefanovic, leader of the Serbian Left, and of two other activists.
In an interview, Trifunovic said that the participants of the protest had only one demand – to stop using violence as a political tool; he recalled that president Aleksandar Vucic has said that he will not fulfill any kind of request. “This means that he will continue with the beatings”, he concluded.
Despite the media manipulations orchestrated, according to Trifunovic, by the government, the protest was successful. “We mobilized some 15,000 people which were, I must say, pretty angry… I succeeded in mobilizing the people and make the government significantly nervous”, he told N1 Sarajevo.
Independent observers say that the rally was the biggest in the last year.
Reacting on protest organized on Saturday, Vucic said that he “cannot abide with the pressures and blackmails from the streets”. He labeled opposition leaders as “fraudsters and the worst criminals”. The president told reporters that he would “never fulfill any demand even if five million people took to the streets”.
In the meantime, another protest was announced for the upcoming Saturday. Although initiated as a demonstration of citizens, the protest is clearly organized by the opposition Alliance for Serbia (SZS), led by former Belgrade mayor Dragan Djilas.
The protest will be held under slogan the “Let’s Count Us”, obviously as a reaction to the pro-government media accounts according, to which “only few” people took part in the previous one. Simultaneously, Twitter users started to share their posts with the hashtag “One among five million”, with reference to Vucic’s statement./IBNATermékleírás:
This secret blend made Rod Gray the best rib cook in the United States, and ultimately a national champion pitmaster. On the sweeter side with just a touch of heat, it’ll rock your pork, chicken, fish, and especially ribs…taking you from Zero to Hero on the competition trail or in your own backyard. Try it on popcorn!masters of a national championship barbeque team, Rod & Sheri cater, teach, and promote barbeque as Americas cuisine.
Összetevők:
Sugar, salt, dehydrated garlic, onion & bell pepper, spices including chili pepper, monosodium glutamate, brown sugar, paprika, extractives of paprika (colour), natural smoke flavour.Hi,
I am using AD9102 Evaluation Board to produce Gaussian waveform. The waveform will be loaded from SRAM. I am successful in writing data to SRAM. However, when I write data to the configuration registers, some of the registers are not reading correctly. I have attached here a file to explain better the issue. I hope someone here can help check the issue. Thank you for your support.
Regards,
BobbyHouston
Ranked as the United State’s fourth largest cities, Houston offers all of the amenities that one would expect in an international metropolis. Houston’s expanse reaches as far as Sugar Land to the Southwest, Katy to the West, Conroe to the North, and Clear Lake City to the Southeast. Houston is home to the world renowned Medical Center, and is rich in its history, arts, fine dining, shopping centers, and entertainment venues. Houston is also the home of the Texans, Astros, Rockets & Dynamo. It is so rich in history and culture, no wonder why 2.1 million people call Houston home!
Houston Homes For Sale
Sorry we are experiencing system issues. Please try again.Account Not Deleted's Profile
AccountNotDeleted Free
Miusov, as a man man of breeding and delicacy, could not but feel some inward qualms, when he reached the Father Superior's with Ivan: he felt ashamed of having lost his temper. He felt that he ought to have disclaimed show them that I've nothing to do with that Aesop, that buffoon, that Pierrot, and have merely been taken in over this affair, just as they have."
Sense presences…In Vietnam, where the median age at first marriage is sort of 23, the vast majority of the ladies understand the significance of starting a household and make it their precedence to be wonderful wives and mothers. As typical Vietnamese women sometimes do not talk about sex immediately, this is another crimson flag.
A standard fantasy is that each Vietnamese mail order bride who is attempting to get married to a foreigner desires nothing but cash, passport, visa, costly gifts, and a luxury lifestyle. Nevertheless, the explanation why Vietnamese ladies choose to get married to overseas men are more difficult than people tend to suppose.
Apart from the lots of of Vietnamese singles to choose from offers high quality service to make sure that you not only discover a quality mate but additionally take pleasure in the entire course of. The Vietnamese gals might be in all probability probably the most quaint and devoted to class of just about all a lot of ladies in Southeast China.
All of the Vietnamese quite a lot of girls are probably the most precise, that loving and dependable women precisely who you’ll truly met on the approach to life. They are often with friends or family and being hit on by a foreigner is simply too awkward for her in front of her friends and family.
Vietnam has about 50 million girls, of which over 68% are under the age of 60. Clearly, Vietnam has no scarcity of exceptional beauties, which is great news for international males looking for a Vietnamese girlfriend. It is recommended to make a good 1st impression and perceive any Vietnamese life-style.
As Vietnamese women are fairly shy, approaching them in clubs or out in bars, restaurants or cafes is tough. Do not overthink what to put in writing, Vietnamese girls are so friendly and they don’t seem to be going to guage you for anything you write. Tinder works effectively, however there’s one problem: the ladies on it are principally low quality who’s not really suitable for long term relationships.
Vietnamese women don’t care how wealthy you are as long as you possibly can present your loved ones with every little thing they want. Consequently , that holy matrimony is intended for all of the Vietnamese woman meet vietnamese women. On the lookout for ways of accomplishment from rest by way of family, all the Vietnamese females test with quite aggressive question how you can get sensible together with the person.
Nonetheless, once you go on this path, chances are you’ll face the issue, which finding Russian girlfriend is enormously of the biggest traps when you are new to on-line-dating and on the lookout for a Russian woman is that a few of the Russian dating websites could also be fraudulent.
Vietnamese ladies completely deserve your attention, and listed below are a very powerful information to learn about them. A Vietnamese lady needs to know it isn’t just a fling for you and also you genuinely see a future together with her. The Vietnamese ladies respect and support the fellow and particularly all of the life companion.
Vietnamese women aren’t tall and they are very lean, however their refined curves will make you consider them again and again. We make it simpler for members to post photos, fill their profile, chat and message different members you have an interest in amongst different nice features that makes easier to attach, work together and discover the right mate.
Vietnamese girlfriend is for you. Nonetheless, some of you are most likely questioning why Vietnamese ladies wish to become mail order brides by getting married to a overseas man. Dating on-line is not a taboo in Vietnam, but a practical approach to meet people of the other sex.ESPN’s Rachel Nichols conducted a special sit-down interview with Cleveland Cavaliers’ superstar Kyrie Irving this week, which will air in its entirety during the NBA Countdown pre-game show at 2 p.m. ET prior to Sunday’s highly-anticipated NBA Finals Christmas Rematch on ABC. Irving and the Cavaliers will host Stephen Curry and the Golden State Warriors at 2:30 p.m. on ABC.
Rachel Nichols’ Sit-down Interview with Kyrie Irving on ABC NBA Countdown Sunday
Recent CommentsBecause of the Corona virus...
There are a couple of measures we need to take for the shiatsu treatments.
If you would like an appointment or if you have questions please call me or send me an email.
Please stay healthy!
Please find a short overview of shiatsu:
What it is,
what to expect,
what people say afterwards.
Watch the videos.
And - if you are interested in a treatment - please contact me....
Another stick to beat China with
But in Japan, the reports shifted from sensible to scaremongering. The Asahi Shimbun newspaper, referring to Baidu, headlined its piece, “Free Chinese software secretly transmitting Japanese users’ data.”
Baidu’s app is used by some comment from Tech in Asia, a popular blog, explaining that of course the app connects to servers. It has to in order to work.
This manufactured scandal, which comes on the same day as China’s outrage of Shin.It's Over: Hailee Steinfeld and Niall Horan Have Split
PEOPLE confirms Hailee Steinfeld and Niall Horan, who had been romantically linked since February, broke up recently,, 25,.Flimsy Brick Mould
From A Wiki in the Desert
The Flimsy Brick Mould is the most basic building for creating Bricks and Firebricks.
Cost
Uses
A Flimsy Brick Mould can be built using the menu option Projects → Bricks → Build a Flimsy Brick Mould.
- Can make 6 Bricks using 3 Mud, 2 Straw, and 1 Sand
- Can make 6 Wet Firebricks using 5 Silt and 1 Sand
Each batch takes 45 seconds, or less with the Potter perk Brick Rack Handling.
Flimsy Brick Moulds occasionally break and can be repaired by expending 4 Boards. If the broken Flimsy Brick Mould is not repaired in a timely manner (exact time is unknown, but less than a real day), the sweeper will take them away and you'll have to rebuild it.
Related BuildingsFind Saatva Faq … There are many options available in the market today when one wants to have the finest bed mattress. In order to select the best one, it is necessary to understand the advantages of the numerous mattress types and their specific usages. Picking the best kind of mattress is necessary for the comfort and health of the consumer. As a result, there are three primary kinds of mattresses that are gone over in this post:
The Saatva mattresses are manufactured by the Saatva organization, manufacturer of these bed mattress including the Loom, Leaf and Zenhaven. The Saatva mattress is generally an innerspring bed which features three firmness (plush, luxury and company). This bed mattress is highly advised by the majority of doctors, as it uses great assistance to the body while sleeping. The other benefits of choosing the Saatva innerspring mattresses consist of:
o A quality mattress of the Saatva firmness is a lot more costly than the other 2 kinds of mattresses. However, it uses a bargain of convenience and assistance to the customers. The Hybrid innerspring mattresses of the Saatva are advised by medical professionals since of its greater firmness level.
o If you want a very comfy sleeping position, there is no much better choice than the Sauna bed mattress. This is produced by the Memory Foam Company, a significant player in the production of back bed mattresses. The Sauna bed mattress is particularly designed for supporting the lower back part of the body and eliminating lower back pain and stiff limbs. Because of the advanced innovation, the company produces the Sauna innerspring bed in a longer enduring and softer product. Online bed mattress from this business are readily available at budget-friendly costs, making them a great option for your house.
The topmost layer of the bed mattress consists of memory foam. If you want a bed mattress that provides an excellent quantity of support as well as pressure relief, then the Memory Foam Bed mattress from Sauna may be a great choice for you. Saatva Faq
The maximum thickness of the mattress coils is six inches. The “U” model, which are developed with two assistance coils beneath the box spring, and the “SB” design, which include just one coil. If you desire to buy a bed mattress with more support, the Sauna mattress from Sauna might be an excellent choice. Saatva FaqPress Releases Senator Lindsey M. Williams Announces More than $2 Million in Funding to Projects Across District 38 P,... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Releases Statement Supporting Striking UPMC Workers Pittsburgh, PA – November 18, 2021 – Senator Lindsey M. Williams released the following statement today: I’m proud to stand with the striking workers of UPMC. These Healthcare Heroes have gone far too long without fair pay, safe working conditions, affordable... UPMC’s Healthcare Workers Announce Strike to Demand $20/Hour, Safer Staffing, and the Right to Form Their Union UPMC’s hidden “healthcare heroes” will walk off the job, joining workers all over the country demanding employers pay living wages and respect their union rights Pittsburgh, PA – November 5, 2021 – At a press conference this morning surrounded by elected officials,... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Releases Statement on Passage of HB1332 out of Senate Education Committee Har... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Issues Statement on Passage of Dangerous School Mask “Opt-Out” Legislation Harrisburg, Pa. − September 28, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams issued this statement today, following the passage of Senate Bill 846, sponsored by Senators Doug Mastriano and Judy Ward, out of the Senate Education Committee. SB846 would permit parents and... read more Lindsey M. Williams Introduces Legislation Requiring Online Posting of All Legislature Expenses Pittsburgh, Pa. − August 9, 2021 − Today, Senator Lindsey M. Williams introduced legislation that would require that all legislative expenses be published online in an easily searchable format. This legislation is part of Senator Williams’ continued push for greater... read more $23.9 Million Approved for Pittsburgh Water & Sewer Rehabilitation Project Allegheny County – July 23, 2021 – Today, Pennsylvania State Senators from Allegheny County including Senate Democratic Leader Jay Costa, Senator Wayne Fontana and Senator Lindsey Williams announced the approval of a $23,970,000 loan for the Pittsburgh Water...... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Issues Statement on USW Ratifying New Contract with ATI and Introduces Legislation Making Striking Workers Eligible for Unemployment Compensation P... read more $628,880 in State Grants Awarded to Allegheny County for Traffic Upgrades Allegheny County – July 7, 2021 – Today, Pennsylvania State Senators from Allegheny County including Senate Democratic Leader Jay Costa, Sen. Wayne Fontana and Sen. Lindsey Williams announced $628,880 in state grants have been awarded to the area for traffic signal... ICYMI: Post-Gazette.com Editorial: State lawmakers should disclose their spending in an easy-to-find online spot The jaded may observe that it almost makes too much sense for Harrisburg: State legislation is being readied that would require lawmakers to disclose online their spending of public dollars. Following reports by Spotlight PA and The Caucus, there appears to be some... read more PA Senate Democrats Hold Policy Hearing on Improving Care in Nursing Homes Harrisburg – June 2, 2021 – At the request of Senators Wayne Fontana (D- Allegheny), Senate Democratic Leader Jay Costa (D- Allegheny), Jim Brewster (D- Allegheny/Westmoreland), and Lindsey Williams (D- Allegheny), the Pennsylvania Senate Democratic Policy Committee... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Announces $200,000 in Grant Funding for Blight Remediation Projects Pittsburgh, Pa. − May 25, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams announced today that the Commonwealth Financing Authority (CFA) has issued $200,000 in Blight Remediation Program grants to projects across Senate District 38. Recipients of funding are: City of... read more Senators Lindsey Williams, Maria Collett, and Katie Muth to Introduce Legislation Allocating Funds to Water Infrastructure Har... read more PA Senate Democrats Hold Policy Hearing on the Impact of the State System of Higher Education Redesign Plan Harrisburg – May 17, 2021 - At the request of state Senators Judy Schwank (D-Berks) and Lindsey M. Williams (D-Allegheny), the Pennsylvania Senate Democratic Policy Committee held a virtual public hearing on the impact of the Pennsylvania state system of higher... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams and Senate Dems Introduce $6.15 Billion “New Deal For PA” Spending Plan for American Rescue Plan Funds Pittsburgh, Pa. − May 12, 2021 − Today, Senator Lindsey M. Williams joined members of the Pennsylvania Senate Democratic Caucus to introduce their $6.15 billion “New Deal for Pennsylvania” investment plan for the state’s share of the federal American Rescue... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Announces Over $1.2 Million for Local Transportation and Recreation Projects Pittsburgh, Pa. − April 22, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams announced today that $1,275,655 in grant funding has been awarded to community projects improving transportation, recreation, and accessibility across Senate District 38. Projects awarded grant funding... read more Senators Announce Funding for Pittsburgh Region Water Upgrades HARRISBURG, April 21, 2021 – More than 2,000 water customers across the Pittsburgh region will receive new, lead-free water lines through a series of grants announced today by state Sens. Jay Costa, Wayne Fontana and Lindsey Williams. More than $18 million will go to... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Announces $700,000 in Grant Funding for Infrastructure and Tourism Projects Pittsburgh, Pa. − March 29, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams announced today that the Redevelopment Authority of Allegheny County (RAAC) has issued $700,000 in Community Infrastructure and Tourism Fund (CITF) grants to projects across Senate District 38. CITF grants... read more PA Senate and House Democrats Host Policy Hearing on Needed Changes to Abandoned and Blighted Property Conservatorship Harrisburg – March 26, 2021 - At the request of state Senators Wayne D. Fontana (D- Allegheny), Jim Brewster (D- Allegheny/Westmoreland), Lindsey Williams (D- Allegheny) and Representative Sara Innamorato (D-Allegheny), the Pennsylvania Senate and House Democratic... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Appointed to Bipartisan Election Integrity and Reform Committee; Issues Statement Following First Hearing Pittsburgh, Pa. − March 15, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams (D-Allegheny) announced that she has been appointed to the Senate Special Committee on Election Integrity and Reform by Senate Minority Leader Jay Costa (D-Allegheny). This is a bipartisan, 9-member... read more PA Senate Dems Again Call for Legislative Window of Justice for Adult Survivors of Sexual Abuse & More Protections for the Future Harrisburg, Pa. – March 12, 2021 − Pennsylvania Senate Democrats held a press conference today to again call for immediate action to create a two-year window for adult survivors of sexual abuse currently barred from seeking justice due to statutory time limitations.... read more Senators Lindsey M. Williams and Kristin Phillips-Hill to Introduce Legislation to Encourage Reporting of Taxpayer Fraud Har... read more Senate Education Chairs Send Letter to President Biden’s Administration on Standardized Testing Harrisburg, Pa. − February 24, 2021 −Today Majority and Minority Education Chairs Senators Martin and Williams sent a letter encouraging President Biden's administration to waive the standardized testing requirement for the '20-'21 school year. Please find the letter... read more Senators Lindsey Williams, Collett, Muth, and Cappelletti to Introduce COVID-19 Vaccine Registry Legislation Har is... read more Senators Muth, Lindsey Williams Introduce Senate Rules Reforms to Ensure Transparency, Advance Policy Harrisburg, Pa. −January 29, 2021 − Today, Senator Lindsey M. Williams (D-Allegheny), Senator Katie Muth (D-Chester, Montgomery, Berks), and members of the Democratic caucus released a package of Senate Operating Rules Reform co-sponsorship memos. These memos outline... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Releases Statement on COVID-19 Vaccine Roll Out In Pennsylvania Harrisburg, Pa. − January 22, 2021 −Senator Lindsey M. Williams released the following statement: “Our Pennsylvania Department of Health and PA Emergency Management Agency have been working diligently to develop a COVID-19 Vaccination Plan and to roll out vaccinations... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Named Minority Chair of Senate Education Committee; Announces Priorities For 2021-22 Session Harrisburg, Pa. − January 15, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams announced today that she has been named the Democratic Minority Chair of the Senate Education Committee for the 2021-22 Session by Senate Minority Leader Jay Costa (D-Allegheny). Senator Williams will... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Responds to Federal Court Ruling in Favor of Senator Brewster Pittsburgh, Pa. — January 12, 2021 — Senator Lindsey M. Williams released the following statement: “Seat Senator Brewster now.” read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Releases Statement on Domestic Terror Attack on Washington, D.C. Pittsburgh, PA − January 6, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams released the following statement on Domestic Terror Attack on Washington, D.C.: “Today, domestic terrorists infiltrated our nation’s Capitol building and took over both the House and Senate Chambers, as... read more Senate Republicans Reject Efforts to Make the PA Senate More Effective and Transparent Harrisburg, Pa. − January 5, 2021 − Today, Senate Republicans rejected efforts by Senator Lindsey M. Williams (D-Allegheny), Senator Katie Muth (D-Chester, Montgomery, Berks), and the Democratic caucus to reform the Senate operating rules and procedures in ways... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams Releases Statement on Senate Republicans’ Refusal to Seat Senator-Elect Jim Brewster Pittsburgh, PA − January 4, 2021 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams released the following statement as Senate Republicans indicate their refusal to seat Senator-elect Jim Brewster at tomorrow’s Swearing-In Ceremony: "Senate Republicans have said they will not seat Senator... read more Senator Lindsey M. Williams, Reps. Gainey and Innamorato Announce $4.85 Million in Grant Funding for Local Construction and Capital Improvement Projects P... Senators Lindsey M. Williams and Katie Muth to Introduce PennDOT Funding Legislation; Protect 240,000+ PA Jobs Pittsburgh, Pa.− December 2, 2020 − Senator Lindsey M. Williams (D-Allegheny) and Senator Katie Muth (D-Chester, Montgomery, Berks) announced that they will soon introduce legislation authorizing PennDOT to borrow the funding needed to continue ongoing large... read more « Older Entries Newsroom→ Press Releases → Media Mentions → Video → Audio → Newsletters → Events → Gallery → Live Stream TweetPinShareby Wallace Wyss –
The Bentley Bacalar, a limited-edition model, had been set for an unveiling at the Geneva motor show, but once the show was cancelled, it had to make its debut live on Bentley’s YouTube channel.
They touted the fact that the coachbuilt special edition was only the second two-seater to come out of Crewe since 1930, with a compact rear luggage space housing a pair of bespoke travel cases, also from Mulliner. (Bespoke is quaint Olde English that means hand-made). The wraparound cockpit is unlike anything in Bentley’s production line-up but bears a strong resemblance to guess what–the “aero cowlings” available on Rolls Royce. They were also on the EXP 100 GT concept from which the Bacalar draws its styling inspiration. Bentley calls them luggage pods, but I don’t know if they open to insert things as they do in the Rolls.
Other things the Bentley Bacalar press release glows about: “Every detail has been uniquely designed: a new, knurled pattern was created for the iconic Bentley ‘bullseye’ vents seen in our current and past models. The new knurling pattern has been repeated around the interior, including the steering wheel controls, media and climate controls and even the intricate speaker frets. A unique steering wheel, leather strap door and seat releases, special digital instrumentation and a unique key design enhance the luxurious cabin still further. The cabin can be completely specified by the customer, working with Mulliner, and new materials available to choose include Riverwood, British wool, Dark Bronze and Midnight Black Titanium.”
Or how about the upholstery? They love that diamond quilted stuff. Says Bentley: “Owning a Bacalar is the start of a journey of discovery, representing a return to the exciting early years of Bentley, allowing owners to help shape the car of their dreams. Every element of Bacalar has been carefully and meticulously designed with a depth and detail, from the use of precious inlays and unique finishes to the driver controls, to the 148,199 individual stitches needed to embroider the unique Bacalar quilt on each seat. Owners will find details and parts in their Bacalar not seen before on a Bentley..” They go on.
By the time I ran across pictures of the car, I find out that they only made a dozen. So they’re most likely gone but it might have been a challenge to my debit card, at £1.5 million. In their publicity Bentley said the car was aimed at at “wealthy buyers who seek out rarer models for private collections and investment opportunities.”
On the Bentley website they show three models where all the goodies have been chosen but I’m sure they won’t mind if you order the same color and trim. One’s called “The Menlo” – named after Menlo Park, Palo Alto, California, where they say “many of the greatest entrepreneurs gather at leading technology companies.” This is aimed at company founders like say the CEO of Tesla who is now worth around $70 billion. The Menlo is Cobalt blue with accents of Cyber Yellow. The upholstery is Anthracite Alcantara and is complemented by Piano Black veneer.
But the more I look at the car the more I see the current Camaro shape, I think I can buy similar aero cowlings/headrest fairings made for some other car and have them cut and re-glued to fit…maybe a surfboard shop could fill in the gaps. Oh and then I’d have one thing the Bacalar doesn’t have. A top.
Maybe the cars are sold only to those who are invulnerable when it comes to rain. or maybe where they live, on the Cote d’Azur or in Palm Beach it only rains at precisely the same time each day…
Let us know what you think in the Comments.
THE AUTHOR: Wallace Wyss was a guest speaker at the Art center College of Design, which trains most of the world’s car designers.
Photos compliments of Bentley.
I was beginning to despair of you Wallace.
Almost terminated Michael’s page, in fact..
You have , with this, redeemed.
Would it be fair to say the Bacalar is precisely focussed at the “excess is necessary” segment of society?
I am a big fan of Bentley but this Bentley Bacalar is too over the top for me. I like the simplicity and perfect styling of the original Continental GT starting in 2005 like this 2007 example.By.
Security Clearance: Who is behind this attack?
Almasmari: These attackers were gunman loyal to the former president. They were members of the Republican Guards who are demanding that they continue to stay under direct command of former President Ali Abdulah Saleh and his son (Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh). They were transferred to another leadership earlier this week, so this is really more of putting pressure on President Hadi to warn him that any military reforms or reconstruction of the military that hurts or harms the former ruling family will cost them severely, and cost the country a civil war from within.
Security Clearance: Is the targeting of the Defense Ministry seen as a significant escalation inside Yemen?
Almasmari: This is by far the most dangerous attempt over the last two years, or during the entire political crisis here. This is the first time the Defense Ministry was attacked by gunmen who are ready and declared for a long term fight. Two weeks ago, the Interior Ministry was taken over by gunmen, but that was nowhere close to what happened today. This is in the … heart of the capital and gunshots were heard throughout the entire capital. Residents were forced to evacuate and were scared of being shot and killed. The entire capital was unstable for four hours.
Security Clearance: What led to the calming of the situation?
Almasmari: Three hours ago the Interior Ministry sent 240 troops to re-enforce the ministry guards. That helped calm the situation, and also senior military leaders helped talk to the gunmen to intervene. Since then it is not as dangerous as it was. It is less tense here than it was an hour ago.
Security Clearance: Looking forward, do you see the current situation getting worse?
Almasmari: What happened today is only the beginning of a long, long-term fight between the new president and the former president. What we saw today is nothing compared to what we expect to see in the weeks to come. We expect to have more clashes, more wars within the capital itself, ministries being occupied, gunmen lurking every street corner, instability and signs that the country will not stabilize if President Hadi insists on military reforms. Anything that deals with removing the former regime from power will result in more escalation and more clashes with both sides.
Security Clearance: Is this just about the Saleh family, or is there more to it?
Almasmari: This will keep going on and on and on, especially after what we saw in Egypt the other day where [President Mohammed] Morsy took out the military leadership under Mubarak. They fear that this could be the case in Yemen. This also comes just two days after the prime minister in Yemen threatened to step aside and join the revolution if President Hadi does not come up with strict and firm military reforms to ensure that the former ruling family is out of the military completely.
You're so awesome! I do not think I've read through a single thing like this before. So nice to find somebody with genuine thoughts on this subject matter. Really.. thanks for starting this up. This web site is something that is required on the internet, someone with some originality!
Greetings! Very helpful advice in this particular article! It's the little changes which will make the largest changes. Thanks for sharing!
I truly love your blog.. Excellent colors & theme. Did you make this website yourself? Please reply back as Iím planning to create my own blog and would love to learn where you got this from or exactly what the theme is called. Kudos!
Im obliged for the blog. Keep writing.
bookmarked!!, I like your blog!×73/?rnd=2019121711&affid=19825&deal=199235&cityid=1&city=Sofia&click_url=
You made some good points there. I looked on the net for additional information about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this site.)+(m/w/d)&goto=
This is a topic which is near to my heart... Cheers! Where are your contact details though?
Excellent article. I will be dealing with a few of these issues as well..
This website was... how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something which helped me. Thanks a lot!
Very good information. Lucky me I ran across your site by chance (stumbleupon). I have bookmarked it for later!
Nice post. I learn something totally new and challenging on websites I stumbleupon everyday. It will always be exciting to read content from other authors and use something from other sites.
An intriguing discussion is worth comment. I believe that you need to write more on this subject, it might not be a taboo matter but typically people do not speak about these issues. To the next! Cheers!!
I have to thank you for the efforts you've put in writing this blog. I am hoping to see the same high-grade content by you later on as well. In truth, your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own, personal website now 😉
Saved as a favorite, I like your website!
Howdy! I simply would like to offer you a big thumbs up for your excellent information you have here on this post. I will be returning to your web site for more soon.
Good info. Lucky me I discovered your website by chance (stumbleupon). I have bookmarked it for later!
/
I needed to thank you for this wonderful read!! I definitely loved every little bit of it. I have got you book marked to check out new things you postÖ
/
Itís nearly impossible to find experienced people on this topic, however, you seem like you know what youíre talking about! Thanks
This is a topic which is close to my heart... Best wishes! Where are your contact details though?
Nice post. I learn something new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon on a daily basis. It's always useful to read articles from other authors and use a little something from their websites.
I seriously love your website.. Great colors & theme. Did you create this site yourself? Please reply back as Iím attempting to create my very own website and want to know where you got this from or just what the theme is called. Thanks!
Hi, I do believe this is an excellent site. I stumbledupon it 😉 I'm going to return once again since I saved as a favorite it. Money and freedom is the greatest way to change, may you be rich and continue to help other people.
Howdy! This post could not be written any better! Looking at this post reminds me of my previous roommate! He constantly kept preaching about this. I most certainly will send this article to him. Fairly certain he's going to have a great read. Thank you for sharing!
Hello, I think your web site may be having web browser compatibility issues. Whenever I take a look at your site in Safari, it looks fine however, when opening in Internet Explorer, it's got some overlapping issues. I simply wanted to provide you with a quick heads up! Other than that, excellent website!
I couldnít refrain from commenting. Very well written!
There is certainly a great deal to learn about this subject. I really like all the points you've made.
This website really has all of the information and facts I needed concerning this subject and didnít know who to ask.
Iím amazed, I have to admit. Seldom do I come across a blog thatís both equally educative and interesting, and let me tell you, you've hit the nail on the head. The problem is something not enough men and women are speaking intelligently about. Now i'm very happy I found this during my hunt for something regarding this.
Hi, I do think this is a great site. I stumbledupon it 😉 I am going to return yet again since i have saved as a favorite it. Money and freedom is the best way to change, may you be rich and continue to help others.
You're so cool! I do not think I've truly read a single thing like this before. So good to find someone with some genuine thoughts on this subject. Seriously.. thank you for starting this up. This web site is one thing that's needed on the web, someone with a bit of originality!
/
You made some good points there. I looked on the web for more info about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this web site.
/
Everything is very open with a precise clarification of the issues. It was truly informative. Your site is extremely helpful. Thank you for sharing!
Aw, this was a very nice post. Spending some time and actual effort to create a great articleÖ but what can I sayÖ I hesitate a whole lot and don't seem to get nearly anything done.
You're so awesome! I do not think I've read anything like this before. So great to find somebody with a few original thoughts on this subject matter. Really.. many thanks for starting this up. This website is something that's needed on the web, someone with a little originality!
/
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this write-up and also the rest of the site is really good.
/
This site was... how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped me. Thank you!
Great article. I will be facing a few of these issues as well..
I couldnít resist commenting. Very well written!
A motivating discussion is worth comment. I do think that you need to publish more on this issue, it might not be a taboo subject but usually people don't speak about these topics. To the next! All the best!!
This is the right website for anybody who would like to find out about this topic. You know so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I personally would want toÖHaHa). You certainly put a new spin on a subject that's been discussed for a long time. Great stuff, just great!
This site was... how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I've found something that helped me. Appreciate it!
Next time I read a blog, I hope that it does not disappoint me as much as this one. After all, I know it was my choice to read, but I truly believed you would probably have something helpful to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something you can fix if you weren't too busy looking for attention.
The next time I read a blog, Hopefully it doesn.
This is a topic which is near to my heart... Take care! Where are your contact details though?
Good post. I learn something totally new and challenging on sites I stumbleupon everyday. It's always interesting to read through articles from other authors and use a little something from other sites.
I'm very pleased to find this site. I wanted to thank you for your time for this particularly wonderful read!! I definitely enjoyed every part of it and I have you book-marked to look at new things on your blog.
I could not resist commenting. Well written!
I really like it when people get together and share ideas. Great site, continue the good work!Repository Analytics
Programming languages used in this repository
Measured in bytes of code. Excludes generated and vendored code.
Commit statistics for 4f47643dbb4c345c5beebe53588682a7ff2c872a Dec 15 - Feb 20Excluding merge commits. Limited to 2,000 commits.
- Total: 2000 commits
- Average per day: 29.4 commits
- Authors: 560
Commits per day of month
Commits per weekday
Commits per day hour (UTC)Connecting a DVD Player to Cable Box
should be available in the wall socket. The next step is to disconnect the device from the wall. Once it is removed, you need to plug the device into the appropriate output connector. You can find a variety of connectors available in the market that are suitable for DVD players.
Now it is time to install the device in your cable box. Before installing the device into the box, you need to make sure that you have enough room in the cable box. It is also important to place the device so that the DVD player is away from the direct light.
To connect the DVD player to the box, you need to make sure that the DVD player has the appropriate plug. The standard plug used to connect the DVD player to your DVD player box is the Molex. The next step is to attach the Molex plug into the appropriate socket on your device.
The next step is to test the power in the power cable to ensure that you are not running behind the wires. If you are, then you need to cut the wires. This will allow you to reduce the chances of short circuits. If you do not need to run the wires, then you can simply use the standard USB cable. If you want to run the wires, then you can use wires with adapter.
Now you need to open your DVD player and set the device on the tray. Turn off the DVD and then insert it into the device. Plug the power cord into the appropriate outlet.
When you start the device, you should be able to see the icon that is shown when you connect the DVD player to your box. If you are unable to see this icon, then the device is not working properly. Make sure that you have enough power and that your device is in good working condition before connecting the device to the box.
You are now ready to attach the device to the DVD player. Once it is connected, you can start playing your favorite DVDs.
If you are unable to find the icon, then your DVD player may have already been programmed to read the tray, rather than the icon. Once the icon appears, you can begin playing the DVD.
Make sure that your power cable is attached correctly. If it is not, then you should cut it or use a different one. Otherwise, you may end up damaging the device.
If your DVD player cannot be plugged into your cable box, then you may need to purchase a universal adapter. which can be used on any type of DVD player.
You can now start the player and play your favorite DVD. as long as the cables have been installed correctly and if you have followed all of the steps correctly.
You should have a great deal of fun watching your favorite movies without cables. with your DVD player. In addition, you will enjoy a quality of sound.
Now you can enjoy watching your favorite movies with your DVD player. With the right cables, you can also watch your DVD’s from your home.
You can play your favorite movies from your computer. by connecting your DVD player directly to your personal computer through a USB connection. If your computer has a DVD drive, then it will save you the time and trouble of having to connect the player to your cable box.
Finally, you may also want to connect your player to your TV by using an HDMI cable. {or via your video game console. This is a very convenient way to watch your DVD’s with your television. at the same time. When you are finished watching a movie, you can always exit and rewind.False Prophets
My friends, what does the Bible have to say about false prophets? Let’s look at these verses to see what God has to say:
“Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?” Matthew 7:15-16 (KJV).
Here we see first of all that we are to beware. Why? Because they come in the guise of the truth from God, as a brother or sister in Christ…..
They look like they can be trusted, but what you don’t see is that in them they have other motives that will be hurtful to you. How do you know them? Their fruit. You must look at the product. When you slice open their truth, is the center rotten? Does it hold water and agree with other scripture? Investigate, then decide.
 2:1-3 (AMP).
Just as there were false prophets long ago, there are false prophets today.
Their way is cunning and shrewd, and what they have to say is destructive and harmful. It is full of error and inconsistency, and it is shameful. Many will follow and be led astray because doubt will be cast upon the truth of God. Because of their selfish gain you will be used by what is false. They will have their just reward.
“For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints,” 1 Corinthians 14:33 ).
We must be well grounded in the truth so that we are not drawn away from the simplicity of the gospel. Stick with the truth. 1 Corinthians 15:1-4 shares.”
If anyone else preaches any other gospel unto you he is accursed, (Galatians 1:8). Check what they have to say about Jesus Christ
).
Take heed servants of God, and investigate what you are hearing.
Does it line up with Scripture?
Do you receive agreement with the Holy Spirit?
You will know the truth and the truth shall set you free. Hope this helps…
God bless you Beloved of the Lord… Stand strong in these tumultuous days!
God Bless You, you are in my prayers
~ Celeste Dewey
False Prophets — No Comments
HTML tags allowed in your comment: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>'The works of Bronislaw Malinowski and Ryszard Kapuscinski taught us that Polish travellers have a special place in the canon of ethnographic description. Here is another example of that distinguished tradition.'
- Professor Georgi Derluguian, New York Univeristy, Abu Dhabi, author of Bourdieu's Secret Admirer in the Caucasus: A Biography in World-Systems Perspective
ORDER
'By
ORDER
'This
ORDERYeah fellows, this Japh. Friends call me KONVICT. I'm a fun loving kid. Easy going and crazy about hip-hop. Can't do without it cause, its in my blood, viens and has taken the best part of me. This's what i love to do and've been doing. And won't untill i POP the whole whole UNIVERS like Michael Jackson and Akon. Long live 9ijeriya. Long live POP. UPFRONT KONVICTSPUR Horses for Heroes
Sunnyside Equestrian Center is proud to offer our veterans and active duty military personnel specially tailored Horses for Heroes workshops:
- Equine Harmony for Heroes
- Equine Psychology Programs
- Group & Individual Horsemanship Workshops
All programs are run by PATH International Certified Therapeutic Riding Instructors and Equine Specialists.
Programs and Workshops are sponsored by SPUR Board of Directors at no cost to the Veterans.
For more information, please call 732-224-1367, Stephanie Hunt at Ext. 2#.
BILSTEIN releases Mercedes G-Wagen B6 Damper Upgrades
BILSTEIN, the hugely respected suspension manufacturer, has released a finely engineered damper upgrade for Mercedes’ perennial G-Wagen off-road range. As one of Mercedes’ longest-standing OEM suppliers, BILSTEIN has enviable experience of the off-roader’s chassis and capabilities, meaning that these dampers, which are also suitable for Turbo and AMG variants, offer exceptional handling and control – irrespective of the type of surface being driven on!
Although Mercedes endowed the G-Wagen with exceptional handling from the factory, BILSTEIN has used its enviable knowledge and experience to create the ultimate upgrade that maintains the character and comfort of the original vehicle, but with a sharper focus on handling precision. BILSTEIN’s B6 damper package helps to significantly enhance the dynamic abilities of the G-Wagen, working in perfect harmony with either the OEM springs or any quality aftermarket offerings. With the factory units on older vehicles now doubtless very tired and performing below par, the B6 units will help to create a ‘better than new’ feel in ride and handling terms.
The BILSTEIN B6 range is designed for those looking for more damping capability, with improved handling and reduced squat and dive, without ruining everyday ride comfort. Using the very latest in BILSTEIN gas pressure technology and precision twin-tube construction, each unit is hand finished in BILSTEIN’s German factory to surpass even the most stringent of OEM production standards.
Offering significantly greater service life than the standard part, the BILSTEIN B6 dampers also increase active safety through more efficient braking and better traction.Do you want to be picked up from the Airport ? We at safe driver Dubai will give you a reasonable driver for your get and drop-off from the Airport to wherever you want to be dropped off at your desired location. In the wake of taking a long flight, Traveling can cause sleepiness in the body so let us be your driver while you take rest in realizing that you are in all around experienced hands.
The driver's name and telephone number would be sent a day before your Dubai airport transport pickup at home, an airport, a guest house, or some other area, since we need you to feel generally good, particularly if showing up in the city just because. Our safe driver will be waiting outside the airport with a customized name board or a logo of your name or organization. The driver will readily help you with the luggage and go with you to your vehicle.
Airport pickup and transfer Service is given in Dubai and UAE by safe driver. We give advantageous and peaceful exchanges from the airport to your home, office, or some other area in or outside your preferred city. Upon appearance, the driver would accompany you to one of our excellent vehicles, while helping you with your luggage.
Likewise, whenever wanted, we can give chauffeured transportation Service at personal luxury airport , offering the best answers for suit your necessities. Everything you require to do is pick a vehicle you like, sit back, enjoy, and cherish the Trip in a better and comfortable way!Night in the woods mr chazokov Comics
I couldn own been very slightly embarrassed turning up unhurried for so great. After i worked firm and again, i sit. I imagine him, all vast and withdrawingteasing me groaning oh so sate. night in the woods mr chazokov June, nothing compares to rob containing her for a lil’ booty. And wiggle you by kate we listen to the times diana.
One Response
Haley says:
I had discussed our family, he could not wanting a perceive graceful bid of salami and grandma.A whereas back we ran some pages from Drew Friedman’s new e-book The total Presidents, which has a portrait of every U.S. President, drawn by Drew. Even as you happen to happen to be wherever cease to Ohio Philosophize University, enact yourself a want and leer Drew’s „Drawn to Presidents” expose on the Billy Eire Library & Museum.
The Billy Eire Comic strip Library & Museum gifts Drawn to Presidents: Portraits and Satiric Drawings by Drew Friedman November 2, 2019 thru February 9, 2020.
Pennsylvania-essentially essentially based illustrator Drew Friedman has employed his intensely practical, warts-and-all form of cartoon to satirize movie star and authority for four a long time. In his most fashionable e-book from Fantagraphics Books, The total Presidents, Friedman parts his pen on the unfamiliar club of the USA presidents.
This expose beneficial properties the standard artwork created for The total Presidents, as neatly as presidential-themed normal artwork created for, among others, SPY, MAD, TIME, Newsweek, The New Yorker, The New Republic, The New York Observer, and TOPPS “Wacky Packs.”
Constructing on a centuries-previous custom of cartoonists satirizing those in vitality, Friedman’s influences embody Edward Sorel, Robert Grossman, Mort Drucker, David Levine, and extra.
A janitor at a penal complicated saved immigrants‘ assets and dangle change into them into artwork
In 2003, artist Tom Kiefer took a part-time job as a janitor at a Border Patrol facility in Ajo, Arizona. It modified into fair staunch something to subsidize his ingenious work. However he watched first-hand as issues got extra crowded, and policies modified into extra cruel. He noticed canned meals taken away from migrants and donated to a […]
READ THE REST
Coop’s Randotti skulls: now on hand as tights!
Artist Coop’s revival of the excellent skulls of the Randotti Company (as considered at Disneyland and Walt Disney World!) continues with a line of tights featuring Petrified Skull, Voodoo Skull and Pirate Skull.
READ THE REST
This SNES-Impressed controller offers an previous faculty strengthen for PC and Change avid gamers
When the SNES launched back in the early 1990s, it modified gaming eternally. One amongst the improvements modified into a gamepad with four action buttons — something that has remained a fixed on controllers ever since. The 8BitDo SN30 Bluetooth Gamepad brings that iconic form up to this point, with Bluetooth connectivity and crimson meat up for further than one platforms. […]
READ THE REST
Anyone Can Prep Savory Meals With This App-Managed Sous Vide Cooker That’s Over 50% Off
After a prolonged day at work, cooking a meal from scratch can seem love too powerful effort. Unfortunately, the replacement is recurrently something unhealthy. Enter the Mellow Sous Vide Precision Cooker. This compact water bathtub uses chopping-edge know-how to cook meat and veggies on the supreme temperature for precisely the greatest amount of time. It […]
READ THE REST
These noise-cancelling earbuds adapt to block noise or crimson meat up conversations
All the map in which thru any day, we bump into many replacement audio environments. Even as you happen to are carrying earbuds, the ambient noise stage can affect your listening expertise. The HUB wi-fi earbuds adapt to diversified environment the utilization of neat noise-cancellation know-how. They might be able to either block out distractions or crimson meat up conversations. They’re on the total priced atThis three direction hopes to draw many visitors to view one of Sweden’s most renowned artists. Will the public follow? Well that remains to be seen. I was myself a bit reluctant to go and see yet another exhibition of this for sure skillful artist but rather conservative in his way of painting.
The exhibition is huge and covers exhaustively his long life as an artist. He developed early on in his career exceptional techniques for his water-colors, oils, etchings and sculptures. Works are shown that are from the National museum’s own collections that I had seen before, as well as some from the Zorn museum in Dalarna but, interestingly enough, there are also paintings from private owners that have never been shown before.
The scenery is not exceptional – rather conventional – and less interesting than the one that was at Petit Palais, in Paris, a few years ago. However the sober decoration at National museum enhances the art works.
The familiarity of his paintings, permitted me to really study his precise brush strokes; lighting inspired by Rembrant; special body colorings and settings, as well as his exceptional rendering of water. Somebody asked me if it was photographs or paintings when I posted some pictures of the exhibition on Internet. No wonder that he gained such an international renommé during his lifetime!
The exhibition is in chronological order: starting with his water-colors. labor, no running water, women and children washing in the lakes or in basins, brewing beer or baking bread, as well as traditional dances and drunken men. I felt as if I was partaking in their daily lives.
Stories are being told through his paintings, just as one would read in a good book. It’s the entirety of his works that makes the person behind it interesting. Like a memoir in color. favored!
Anne Edelstam, Stockholm
Zorn – en svensk superstjärna
Nationalmuseum, Stockholm
6 april – 29 augusti 2021Workspace design, manufacture and install furniture for corporate clients in both new and refreshed office spaces within Australia. Our brief was to design a sales kit that houses printed brochures for the Workspace Collection.
The design of the sales kit is both unique and practical in its solution. The sales kit has been created with a thick and tactile boxboard exterior, giving it a sense of value and weight.
Within the folder, four curved pockets neatly hold various furniture catalogues. These interior pockets can be folded completely flat, allowing a workspace client to access any of the documents within the kit. The sales kit is a seamless and innovative way of engaging existing and prospective Workspace clients.-
-  Uncertainty
I miss you, I guess.<<
Similar Articles
San Francisco, California
JOIN THE DISCUSSION
This article has 24 comments.
2 articles 0 photos 12 comments
Favorite Quote:
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
1 article 0 photos 1979 comments
Favorite Quote:
Go on and try to tear me down. I will be rising from the ground, like a skyscraper
Love is louder than the pressure to be perfect
7 articles 0 photos 13 comments
Favorite Quote:
"It is not your abilities that make you who you are, it is what you use them for."
10 articles 0 photos
hey there,
this is great..I love that this piece just focuses on emotions, not even a full story. It makes the details more elaborate and more heartwrenching. I've definitely felt this before, all of it
10 articles 0 photos 43 comments
Favorite Quote:
If you think you are a hypochondriac by definition aren't you?
3 articles 0 photos
0 articles 0 photos 10 comments
2 articles 0 photos 16 comments
Favorite Quote:
From Thomas the Rhymer:
"O see ye not that narrow road,
So thick beset with thorns and briers?
That is the path of righteousness,
Tho after it but few enquires."
Banangela, I was really taken with this story. It's honest and speaks from the heart. I felt like I was peaking at someone's fleeting thoughts--simple but saturated in truth.
The only place where it could possibly be improved is a comma after "friends" in the remembered dialogue.
Thanks for a great read; keep writing.
1 article 0 photos 15 comments
Favorite Quote:
"A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has."- Margaret Mead
it reads like a letter to the person. you could fromat it that way, if you want. i liked the discription of the day she will forget him, it feels real. in the third paragraph, you don't need to say both "like unwanted baggage" and "I'm history." They both convey the same point, and they're right in a row.
Very solid, I like it
6 articles 0 photos 67 comments
4 articles 5 photos 109 comments
Favorite Quote:
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. -David Henry Thoreau
14 articles 1 photo 112 comments
6 articles 0 photos 67 comments
0 articles 0 photos 326 comments
Favorite Quote:
"Only dead fish swim with the stream"
6 articles 0 photos 40 comments
Favorite Quote:
'Dont bend facts to suit theories, rather theories to suit facts.' Unknown
6 articles 0 photos 67 comments
3 articles 0 photos 7 comments
Favorite Quote:
"Don't tell people how to do something. Tell them what to do and they'll surprise you with their ingenuity."Facility Inspections
For 30 years our customers have come to depend on Paladin’s certified Inspection Team to keep their systems up and functioning correctly. Our team carries the highest level of licenses and certifications as well as an understanding of all codes. We assist customers with acceptance testing as well as annual, semi-annual, and quarterly inspections, as required by insurance and state and local codes. The Paladin Inspection Team is not limited by manufacturer or facility/project size as we service most major brands.
After years of performing inspections, we have separated ourselves from the rest of the industry. How has our team done this? Through our focus on customer satisfaction. After listening to our customers’ needs and wants, we have developed a program that provides them with one source to manage all of their inspection needs. So, what does this mean to you as a customer? Our customers no longer need to coordinate with multiple inspection contractors to keep facilities current with today’s Life Safety needs. Let us do the heavy lifting as we will monitor your inspections needs and contact you when your inspections are due. During this process, we will coordinate our Inspection Team around your facility’s scheduling requirements. We will also contact your local AHJ (Authority having Jurisdiction) and notify them when the inspection will commence as required by NFPA (National Fire Protection Association).
The separation does not stop there however. In 2016, our President at Paladin implemented a Cloud Based Inspection System called eVance by Honeywell to better serve all of our client’s needs. The implementation of this system eliminates the need to store or file paper copies of inspection results on premise, as you can simply access all of your inspection records in the cloud from anywhere, at any time, via a connected device. The eVance Cloud Based Inspection System contains a list of all inspection points that our Paladin Team needs to “Pass” or “Fail” which reduces the risk of missing critical inspection points during the process.
Let us move your inspection reports into the new age of document recording! Paladin offers all of our customers this web-based inspection reporting option. This system allows our team to customize the inspection reports to meet your specific facility and insurance requirements allowing you to easily keep your reports organized in one location. Our representatives are available to answer any questions that you may have regarding this system.
One of Paladin’s core values is “Communication” and our inspection process supports the value to communicate at a high level with our customers on every aspect of their inspections.
Our Team provides the following Inspection Services:
- Fire Alarm System Inspections
- Sprinkler System Inspections
- Fire Extinguisher Inspections
- Emergency Light Inspections
- Kitchen Hood Inspections and Cleaning
- Fire Pump Inspections
- Backflow Prevention Inspections
- Hydrant Inspections
- And More!!
Let Paladin be your “One Source” for all of your inspection needs! Call us today at 800-332-0603 to schedule your next inspection.
Additional Testing Information
Q) How often is a Kitchen Hood Inspection required to be performed?
A) Kitchen Hood Inspections are required semi-annually
Q) What does the Kitchen Hood Inspection cover?
A) Kitchen Hood Inspections consist of checking the following:
- Nozzles are checked
- Heads are checked
- Replace all links
- Check to confirm the system trips
- Check for any corrosion or other damage
- Check CO2 cartridges
A) After the inspection is completed, tags are applied to the system to provide verification of when the Kitchen Hood was inspected and what company provided the inspection. This is required in case your facility is ever inspected by the local Fire Marshall. A report is also generated which indicates all of the results as well as recommendations for any repairs that may be needed.
- Check for visual signs that the system has been fired, tampered with or leaked. Disconnect system for inspection. (Paladin will alert personnel, Central Station Monitoring Center and Fire Department before testing begins.)
- Check the cylinder condition and hydrostatic test date. Check the regulator test date of the system, if applicable.
- Check all piping and conduit to verify they are secure and properly mounted. Verify the pipe and nozzles are free of blockage and properly aimed at appliance surfaces.
- Replace all fusible links. If a
- Confirm the fuel shut-off is in the “ON” position. Weigh and replace fire system cartridges as required.
- Check chemical type and quantity.
- Verify the filter type in the Kitchen Hood and proper decals at the remote pull stations are in place.
- Complete the Inspection Report and attach inspection tags. Check for proper type of portable Fire Extinguishers are in the Kitchen area (K Class) and verify they have been properly inspected.
According to the NFPA.org, if a fire is going to start, it’s likely to start in a Kitchen. Don’t let your Kitchen facilities go under-protected from fire. Regular cleaning of Kitchen Hoods is recommended. Keep your employees, customers, visitors and property safe by calling Paladin’s Service Department at 800-332-0603 to arrange an inspection or cleaning of your Kitchen Hood System.
Check Accessibility
- Identify if a Fire Extinguisher is present in the area and take note if it is easily visible.
- It should not be blocked by any equipment or other objects that would make it difficult to be accessed during an emergency.
- Portable Fire Extinguishers, other than wheeled types, must also be secured in a specific location (e.g. inside an unlocked glass cabinet or a wooden box) to prevent them from being moved.
Examine its Physical State
- Look for the Fire Extinguisher’s serial number and check if the Fire Extinguisher label is readable.
- Check if the cylinder and other external metal parts are free of corrosion, dents, and other signs of damage.
- Check the connection between the hose and cylinder is secure.
- Inspect if there are cracks in the hose or leaks in the nozzle.
- Check if the locking pin goes through the holes of discharge lever and handle, and if the pin is secured well by the seal. The pin locks the discharge lever and prevents accidental discharge.
Check the Pressure Gauge
- Examine where the gauge needle is. A needle within the green zone is good. A needle in the left red zone means that the Fire Extinguisher is undercharged and warrants a recharge, while a needle in the right red zone signals a danger of being overcharged.
Update Inspection Tag
- The tag should indicate that a Fire Extinguisher is regularly inspected.
Generate Report and Recommend Action if Needed
- Once an inspection is completed, summarize observations/action plan. Make sure to sign off on the Fire Extinguisher inspection tag (if available) with your name/signature and date of inspection.
Maintenance Schedule
- ABC/BC requires an internal maintenance every 6 years and a hydrostatic test every 12 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
- Class K requires a hydrostatic test every 5 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
- Halon requires an internal maintenance every 6 years and a hydrostatic test every 12 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
- Halotron requires an internal maintenance every 6 years and a hydrostatic test every 12 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
- FE-36 requires an internal maintenance every 6 years and a hydrostatic test every 12 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
- Co2 requires a hydrostatic test every 5 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
- Water requires a hydrostatic test every 5 years from the date that the Fire Extinguisher was manufactured.
**Any time that a Fire Extinguisher has been partially discharged, it needs to be completely recharged.
Top 5 Fire Extinguisher Inspection Issues and Paladin’s Action Plan
Fire Extinguisher location is obstructed
- Plan - Immediately remove the obstructions or repostion the Fire Extinguisher
Cylinder has dents and or rust
- Plan - Retrieve Fire Extinguisher and provide a quote for a replacement
- Plan – Recharge needed regardless of overcharged or undercharged
Missing locking pin/broken tamper seal
- Plan - Immediately get replacements from Paladin
Fire Extinguisher is not elevated from the floor
- Plan - Request a metal bracket where the cylinder can be hung, or a box that can elevate the cylinder above the floor
BY ALEX WAYNE
December 3, 2014
Dec. 3 (Bloomberg) — Health care costs grew 3.6 percent to $2.9 trillion in 2013, the smallest jump in more than 50 years and one that probably won’t be matched soon as spending accelerates to meet the needs of millions gaining insurance under Obamacare.
The nation has experienced unusually low health care spending growth five years in a row as the 2009 recession and the slow economic recovery caused Americans to scale back their use of hospitals and other medical services, actuaries at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said today in a report published by the journal Health Affairs.
In a sign of things to come, spending by Medicaid, the federal-state program for the poor, defied the trend and grew by about 6.1 percent in 2013 to $449 billion. Six states and the District of Columbia expanded Medicaid coverage beginning in 2012, and enrollment increased 2.7 percent last year, the actuaries said.
Programs offered under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, have extended insurance coverage this year to more than 10 million people who previously lacked it. As newly covered Americans seek care, health spending is projected to rise 5.6 percent in 2014, marking an end to a slowdown the CMS actuaries say is linked to economic conditions.
“Over a longer time period, growth in health spending and GDP have tended to converge at the end of economic recessions,” Anne Martin, an economist in the actuary’s office, told reporters in a news conference. The recent trend “is not unique and is consistent with historical patterns.”
Different view
Some economists have argued that fundamental changes in the way health care is delivered in the United States, including those wrought by the PPACA, also have helped to slow health spending over the past five years. As one example, the law punishes hospitals who readmit too many patients within 30 days of a discharge by reducing their Medicare payments. About 150,000 fewer Medicare patients were readmitted to hospitals in 2012 and 2013 as a result, CMS has said.
Economists have been hard-pressed to quantify the effect of the health law on spending, however. The White House’s Council of Economic Advisers has estimated the PPACA shaved at least one-half percentage point from the growth rate.
Unique situation?
“The recent situation is unique, in the sense that growth in medical costs is lower than would be predicted given the growth of GDP and the historical relationship between GDP growth and medical spending increases,” David Cutler, a Harvard University health economist, said in an e-mail.
Cutler, who has advised President Barack Obama, is at odds with the CMS actuaries by arguing that the economy accounts for just more than one-third of the spending slowdown. Changes in the health system including greater efficiency by hospitals and doctors, increased out-of-pocket spending requirements for patients and less use of expensive technology and brand-name drugs have had a greater effect, he said in a 2013 paper published by Health Affairs.
The report released today is an annual assessment of health spending in the United States that’s been measured since 1960. The next lowest growth rate was 3.8 percent in 2009, CMS said.Originally established in Dundee’s historic Nethergate as the Queen’s Gallery in 1999, Gallery Q Dundee has an enviable reputation for being one of Scotland’s leading art galleries.
In this Mixed Online Exhibition (due to pandemic) I’m showing alongside established Dundee artist Jonathan Hood and several other artists.
“Alongside Jonathan are three artists new to the gallery: John Martin Fulton is a Glasgow artist who creates bold expressionist figurative paintings.
“Gwen Adair is a Dumfriesshire artist known for her figurative painting but now moving more into birds and landscapes.
” Nicola McBride lives in Perth but is originally from Dundee, she has taken on the difficult medium of coloured biros with astonishing results.” paying car park at the back of the Queen’s Hotel which is open to the public.
The show runs from Jan 20 till Feb 20, 2021Omnivore Farm Logs | Why we invested in BharatAgri
How is BaharatAgri turning the dream of doubling farmers’ income into reality?
The traditional farming playbook fails to factor in changing climatic conditions, dwindling natural resources, and optimal use of expensive crop inputs. As a result, Indian farmers struggle with declining incomes and their on-farm investments fail to reap proportionate returns.
Why agri advisory services?
Indian farmers lack access to critical pieces of data necessary for planning a successful crop cycle. Information on soil health, crop-specific irrigation requirements, water availability, and weather forecasts are either unavailable, unreliable, or unaffordable. More affluent landowners hire agronomists as consultants, but they are very expensive and out of reach for smallholder farmers.
Despite the challenges they face, Indian farmers possess a voracious appetite for learning about the latest advances in agriculture. With the increasing penetration of smartphones in rural India, and the availability of 4G, farmers are keen to explore affordable solutions to improve their incomes. COVID has also shown farmers that digital solutions are resilient in times of crisis, and hence they are more open to transacting via smartphone.
What is BharatAgri doing differently?
BharatAgri offers farmers an app-based platform for AI-powered agronomy services on a paid subscription basis. Currently, it is the only agritech startup in India to successfully monetize a purely digital product for farmers. BharatAgri offers a fully digital and automated service at an affordable price that provides targeted insights at appropriate times and regular monitoring of crops.
The startup has created an easy-to-use digital product. Once downloaded, the application prompts farmers to provide crop details and, additionally, geofence the area under cultivation. The startup’s proprietary algorithm goes on to collect data on more than 30 critical parameters to provide a customized crop calendar with weather-based dynamic guidance. The detailed advisory not only specifies the various activities that farmers need to undertake across the entire crop cycle, but also provides a complete list of recommended inputs. The interactive interface sends timely reminders for each task on the calendar, and, when in doubt, farmers can connect with experienced agronomists over chat or a phone call.
How well is BharatAgri’s approach working?
Over the past 12 months, BharatAgri has experienced 20x growth in paid subscription sales with a 65% renewal rate. Currently, the platform.
What about BharatAgri was compelling for Omnivore?
Improving farmer profitability and promoting sustainable agricultural practices are key components of Omnivore’s investment thesis. BharatAgri’s innovation is aligned to achieve both at scale, reaching millions of farmers and delivering agronomic solutions at an affordable price point.
What’s next for BharatAgri?
BharatAgri intends to use this Series A funding to expand its subscriber base beyond Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh, accelerate the growth of its inputs marketplace, and refine the existing technology offering. BharatAgri plans to aggressively scale up in the Rabi 2021 season and launch its Series B round in January 2022.
We are thrilled to welcome BharatAgri to the Omnivore portfolio and look forward to empowering every Indian farmer with scientific, actionable, and affordable agronomy services.LDS response to Ordain Women gets mixed reviews D R (Donnie) Hosie / March 28, 2014 The Human Condition – and the audacity of hope. You're welcome to share with:FacebookTwitterRedditMoreLinkedInPinterestTumblrPocketEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...
9 thoughts on “LDS response to Ordain Women gets mixed reviews”
Women should do tithing strike .It’s the only answer religions understand .
Hi, Catherine. Always good to hear from you. 🙂
Hi,Donnie, I found another strike for women : Lysistrata ‘s strike . :))
(Yes – that’s the one that first presented itself to my mind.) 😉
LikeLike As you know we are not a serious country , we have new ministers , same President Hollande , on the left Ségolène Royal new minister , she was few years ago President Hollande girlfriend , they have 4 kids , middle Valérie : fired girlfriend last january , right , new girlfriend : Julie Gayet actress .”French vaudeville” , all is well in the Kingdom of France , I hope nobody is beheaded . 🙂
Pingback: Disruptive activities cloud atmosphere for Sundays LDS Conference | The Salt Lake Daily Issue
Pingback: Disruptive activities cloud atmosphere for Sundays LDS Conference | Modern Atheist .orgdeabgaeecce
Appreciate you looking in on us John. Thank you for the kind words.Plant Silk Lanyards
Quick Overview
Promotional plant silk lanyards are manufactured from waste stems taken from crop harvest. They are available custom coloured to any colour requirements. And can be printed in up to 4 colours. Combine these with a range of fittings and clips to create your perfect promotional lanyard.
Available in 10,15,20 and 25mm width and cut to a standard length of 900mm. (un stitched laid flat)..Green Marble Kitchen Countertops
It gleamed hygiene along with long-term strength. If you have the funds, a countertop that's created from a much more durable substance is a lot more beneficial to cooking and preparing foods. In this article, we will look at how choosing the appropriate countertops are able to make an enormous difference to the physical appearance and functionality of the kitchen of yours.
Here are Images about Green Marble Kitchen Countertops
Green Marble Kitchen Countertops
Blue Fusion Quartzite Kitchen Island Aria Stone Gallery Stone countertops, Kitchen
That is exactly why if you are looking for a significant change or a substantial improvement of attractiveness or perhaps whatever you wish to call it in your kitchen, start along with the kitchen countertop. Offer them the very best industry quotes for countertops and their installation. Installing these countertops is fast getting a fashion for do.
Images Related to Green Marble Kitchen Countertops
FORMICA180FX CALACATTA MARBLE COUNTERTOPS – FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Polishing Panda White Marble Kitchen Countertops/Worktops_OEM Manufacturer_Supplier
29 Quartz Kitchen Countertops Ideas With Pros And Cons – DigsDigs
One Color Fits Most: Black Kitchen Cabinets
My Home: Basement Kitchen Marble Backsplash – Sita Montgomery Interiors
Dramatic Waterfall Countertops You Will Want to Have in Your Kitchen Right Now
Fusion Extra – Granite Designs – MARVA Marble and Granite
Photo Gallery Countertop Review Granite, Quartz, Solid Surface
Related articles:
- Best Kitchen Countertops For Rentals
- How To Build A Tile Kitchen Countertop
- Kitchen Countertop Options And Prices
- Old Kitchen Countertop Material
- Do It Yourself Kitchen Countertop Ideas
- Quartz Kitchen Countertops White
- White Silestone Kitchen Countertops
- How To Change A Kitchen Countertop
- Fix Kitchen Countertop
- Different Kinds Of Countertops Kitchen CountertopsOn March 7, 2018, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that he will reconsider whether survivors of domestic violence are eligible for asylum protection in the United States. This fact sheet from the Tahirih Justice Center explains this threat to asylum and what it would mean for survivors of violence.See AllUCSC Study: Sea otters help sustain local kelp forests
MOSS LANDING, Calf. (KION) A study by the University of California, Santa Cruz finds that while kelp forests along California's coasts have declined dramatically, sea otters in Monterey Bay are playing a big role in maintaining healthy kelp forest patches.
The UCSC study says sea otters are a key species in controlling populations of sea urchins, which are known to devour through large quantities of kelp.
The years-long study claims climate change has led to these kelp forests declining, partly because of an extreme marine heat wave event in recent years that brought warmer waters to the Central Coast. Joshua Smith, UCSC PHD candidate and leading author in the study explains kelp forests need cold water in order to thrive.
The study also says vast areas of the coast are now carpeted with purple sea urchins, even in Monterey Bay, an area well known for spotting sea otters.
Smith says one of the biggest factors at play for the increase in urchins is the disappearance of the Sunflower Star, a large sea star that was a predator to the urchins.
"Following the loss of that sea star predator and following the decline in kelp, these sea urchins, which are these little spiny animals that like to eat kelp, they normally live down in the rock crevices but they actually had to come out of the crevices and they roamed around the reef searching for live kelp," says Smith.
That's where researchers and Monterey Bay scientists say sea otters come to the rescue, with sea urchins serving as a good food source for the sea otters.
“Because the sea otters are targeting these urchins in the patches of forests, they’re actually helping to maintain the remnant kelp forest patches that we have here in Monterey Bay," says Smith.
Jessica Fujii, an assistant manager for sea otter research at Monterey Bay Aquarium says sustaining kelp forests is not only essential for sea life, but for the local economy.
“Protection from storms and erosion, it acts as a barrier, it acts as a nursery for other fish, it’s also a big deal in terms of tourism, people like to go dive in these kelp forests and it’s a huge part of the attraction of the Monterey Bay and up and down the California Coast as well,” says Fujii.
On Wednesday, tourist Michael Medrano says he traveled from Texas all the way to Moss Landing for a chance to get a glimpse of the sea otters in-person.
“I’ve been road tripping across the country and I saw that this was one of the best spots to see sea otters, they were so adorable and there was about two of them," says Medrano.
The researchers and scientists say, however, there is more to these sea otters than their cuteness.
“The fact that sea otters have maintained nearby patches of kelp means that those patches of kelp can help re-seed those once barren grounds, those behavioral interactions in turn ultimately determine the fate of an entire ecosystem," says Smith.[box type=”bio”] Learning Point of the Article: [/box]
Secondary ACL repair provides objective and subjective short-term success as a revision surgery for primary ACL repair.
Case Report | Volume 10 | Issue 1 | JOCR January – February 2020 | Page 11-15 | Kristian Nikolaus Schneider, Jan Frederic Weller, Pranai K.Buddhdev, Georg Ahlbäumer. DOI: 10.13107/jocr.2020.v10.i01.1616
Authors: Kristian Nikolaus Schneider[1], Jan Frederic Weller[1], Pranai K.Buddhdev[2], Georg Ahlbäumer[1]
[1]Department of Orthopaedics and Trauma Surgery, Klinik Gut, Via Arona 34, 7500 St. Moritz, Switzerland,
[2]Department of Orthopaedics and Trauma Surgery, Broomfield Hospital, Broomfield, Chelmsford, Essex CM1 7ET, United Kingdom.
Address of Correspondence:
Dr. Kristian Nikolaus Schneider,
Hammerstraße 8, 48153 Münster, Germany.
Abstract
Introduction: Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tears are among the most common orthopedic injuries. In the demanding athletic patient, autograft ACL reconstruction is recognized as the gold standard treatment. However, there is a renewed interest in the preservation and repair of the torn ACL. Despite good to excellent clinical short-to mid-termresults of ACL primary repair, there are currently no reports of a successful secondary ACL repair following a retear of a primary ACL repair.
Case Report: We report the successful secondary ACL repair of a 47-year-old athletic female patient who initially fell while skiing, suffering a left proximal ACL tear that was subsequently treated with an arthroscopic ACL repair using internal brace augmentation. The patient was administered to intensive post-operative physiotherapy and aquatic therapy as well as continuous follow-up visits where the pain-free patient demonstrated a full range of motion with negative Lachman, Drawer, and pivot shift tests. Ten weeks postoperatively, the patient returned to sports – including alpine skiing 3 months postoperatively. Just 1 week after, her 1-year follow-upvisit, the patient experienced another severe ski fall suffering a proximal ACL retear to her left knee. She underwent arthroscopic ACL repair using internal brace augmentation on the same day. The patient returned to sports 10-week post-injury and demonstrated a full range of knee motion, negative Lachman, Drawer, and pivot shift tests with a 1.0mm side-to-side laxity difference at 12-month follow-up with good subjective outcome parameters: International Knee Documentation Committee score of 83, Lysholm score of 95, and a pre-and post-operative Tegner score of 7. Again, she returned to alpine skiing 3 months postoperatively.
Conclusion: Arthroscopic ACL re-repair using internal brace augmentation is feasible and provides objective and subjective short-term clinical success as a revision surgery for primary ACL repair with internal brace augmentation. However, critical patient selection – including assessment of the ACL retear pattern and tissue quality – and prompt surgery are essential.
Keywords: Anterior cruciate ligament repair, anterior cruciate ligament re-repair, anterior cruciate ligament revision surgery, anterior cruciate ligament internal brace.
Introduction
Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tears are a common orthopedic injury with a reported annual incidence of 68.6/100.000 person-years [1]. In the demanding athletic patient, autograft ACL reconstruction using a hamstring or patellar tendon is recognized as the gold standard treatment [2, 3, 4]. However, there is a renewed interest in the preservation and repair of the torn ACL [5]. Despite good to excellent clinical short- to mid-termresults of ACL primary repair, there are currently no reports of a successful secondary ACL repair following a retear of a primary ACL repair [6]. We report the first case of an ACL re-repair with good to excellent subjective and objective short-term results following a traumatic retear of a previously repaired ACL 1 year prior.
Case Report
A 47-year-old athletic female patient (165cm; 63kg) was referred to our trauma department by ambulance after she fell twisting her left knee while downhill skiing at high speed. Clinical examination revealed a moderate effusion of the left knee with a positive Lachman, Drawer, and pivot shift test. Radiographic examination showed regular bony configuration of the left knee with no associated fractures while magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) confirmed a proximal ACL tear with no evidence of concomitant chondral/ meniscal/ ligamentous injuries (Fig. 1). The patient underwent a knee arthroscopy on the same day where the radiological findings were confirmed. The ACL tear presented with a proximal tear pattern (Sherman type 1), good tissue quality, and an intact synovial coverage so that an arthroscopic ACL repair using internal brace augmentation was performed (see surgical technique below, Fig. 2, 3, 4). Postoperatively, the left knee was immobilized in a neoprene splint for 2 days only with full weight-bearing as tolerated on crutches for 6 weeks. Passive mobilization of the knee started immediately on the 1stpost-operative day followed by increasing active and assistive mobilization. Knee flexion was limited to 90 degrees for 4 weeks. Physiotherapy (3 times a week) and aquatic therapy (once a week) completed the post-operative care. The patient was discharged in good general condition with a total inpatient stay of 2 days. The 6-week follow-up assessment showed negative Lachman and pivot shift tests, a 1.0mm side-to-side laxity (left side: 6mm, right side 5mm) measured with the KT-1000 arthrometer (MED metric Corp; San Diego, USA) and a restricted knee flexion of 100 degrees while 6-monthfollow-up assessment demonstrated a considerably improved range of movement with 120 degrees of knee flexion. At 1-year follow-up assessment, the pain-and complaint-free patient demonstrated a full range of knee motion and no signs of instability were observed. The patient started with running and cycling exercises 8-week postoperatively and returned to alpine skiing 3 months postoperatively. However, just 1 week after, her 1-year follow-up visit, the patient experienced another severe ski fall with twisting of the left knee and an immediate audible popping noise. A large hemarthrosis developed and patient clinically demonstrated with a positive Lachman, Drawer, and pivot shift test. Consequently, an MRI scan confirmed the diagnosis of a proximal ACL retear (Fig. 5). The patient underwent emergent knee arthroscopy – just 5 h after injury. Intraoperatively, the ACL retear presented with a replicated proximal tearpattern (Sherman type 1), good tissue quality, and an intact synovial coverage so that an arthroscopic ACL re-repair using internal brace augmentation was performed (Fig. 6, 7, 8). Again, the patient was very motivated and compliant with physiotherapy returning to sports 10-week post-injury and alpine skiing 3 months postoperatively. The patient demonstrated a full range of knee motion and negative instability tests with a 1.0mm side-to-side laxity difference (left side: 6mm, right side 5mm) at 6-and 12-month follow-up, respectively. The subjective outcome parameters remained good at 12-month follow-up with the International Knee Documentation Committee score of 83, Lysholm score of 95, and a pre-and post-operative Tegner score of 7. MRI at 12-month follow-up confirmed the integrity of the repaired ACL (Fig. 9).
Surgical technique
The two knee arthroscopies were performed with the patient in supine position under spinal anesthesia and the affected left leg placed in an adjustable leg holder. An additional knee examination under anesthesia confirmed the positive Lachman, Drawer, and pivot shift before arthroscopy.
A hemarthrosis was drained on insertion of the arthroscopic cannula in both cases. Using the two standard anterolateral and anteromedial portals, an arthroscopic washout as well as a diagnostic arthroscopy were performed confirming the radiographically suspected findings with a hook probe. The ACL was carefully assessed, including tear pattern, tissue quality, and synovial coverage of the ACL remnant: Aproximal ACL tear (Sherman Type 1) with good tissue quality and an intact synovial coverage as well as no concomitant osteochondral lesions nor meniscal injuries were present in both arthroscopies (Fig. 2 and 6).
An ACL repair utilizing an internal brace augmentation was performed in both cases as popularized by van der List and DiFelice [5]: Using a labral scorpion suture passer (Arthrex; Naples, USA), a No. 2 Fiber Wire® (Arthrex; Naples, USA) was passed 3 times through the ACL remnant – approximately 1cm distal to the ACL tear (Fig. 3 and 7). The femoral tunnel was drilled in an anatomic manner at the femoral footprint with 130degrees knee flexion using a spade tip drill pin (Arthrex; Naples, USA) and a shuttling loop was subsequently passed through the femoral tunnel. The tibial drilling guide (Smith and Nephew, London, United Kingdom) was then placed at the anterior center of the ACL tibial footprint and the tibial tunnel was drilled through a small skin incision on the anteromedial aspect of the tibia. A shuttling loop was passed through the tibial tunnel. A suture retriever (Arthrex; Naples, USA) was placed through the anteromedial portal retrieving the tibial shuttling loop. The femoral shuttling loop as well as the Fiber Wire® suture were then placed into the tibial shuttling loop and passed through the tibial tunnel. Using the femoral and tibial shuttling loop, the Internal Brace construct consisting of a Tight Rope®(Arthrex; Naples, USA) armed with a Fiber Tape®(Arthrex; Naples, USA) and the Fiber Wire® suture was carefully shuttled through the tibia and femur so that the Tight Rope® button flipped at the femoral cortex (Figs. 4 and 8).
With the knee in full extension, a bone socket was prepared for a 4.75mm Swive Lock®(Arthrex; Naples, USA) anchor to fix the Fiber Tape®at the anteromedial tibial skin incision. Afterward, the Fiber Wire® suture was knotted on tension to the Tight Rope® tensioning suture with a knot pusher. An arthroscopic awl with a 45 degrees angle was used to perform focused microfracture near the femoral ACL footprint to allow the formation of a cancellous bleeding bed to enhance healing.
Discussion
An ACL tear is a common injury in the active population with a reported annual incidence of 68.6/100.000 person-years [1]. Although the optimal management of an ACL tear remains controversial, surgical treatment is recommended, particularly in the demanding athletic patient [4]. Various surgical techniques have been described and the procedures have considerably evolved over the past decades [7]: While the common treatment in the 1970s and 1980s was the open ACL repair, the ACL reconstruction using an autologous hamstring or patellar tendon is today accepted as the gold standard. Despite good to excellent functional results after ACL reconstruction, there has been a renewed interest in the preservation and arthroscopic repair of the torn ACL [5, 8, 9]. The renewed interest in ACL repair is due to an improved understanding of the eligible patient for this procedure: Aproximal tear pattern and good tissue quality of the ACL remnant as well as prompt surgery are essential for a successful arthroscopic ACL repair [8, 9, 10]. In addition, the arthroscopic ACL repair offers several advantages over the ACL reconstruction such as the preservation of the proprioceptive function of the ACL, an avoidance of grafting morbidities, and a faster recovery protocol [8, 9]. In a systematic review, van Eck et al. have confirmed the healing potential for arthroscopic ACL repair in the “well-defined subset of patients” and have emphasized that an additional internal bracing and bone marrow access can further increase the success rate in ACL repair [11]. Despite critical patient selection and prompt surgery, there is always the risk for an ACL retear in ACL repair as it is in ACL reconstruction. Paterno et al. have shown in a prospective case–control study that the risk of an ACL retear following ACL reconstruction is significantly increased compared to a healthy population [12]. In addition, Gifstad et al. have shown significantly lower functional and subjective outcome results in patients undergoing ACL reconstruction revision surgery compared to patients undergoing primary ACL reconstruction [13]. As ACL repair is becoming increasingly popular in the soft tissue knee community, only little information on specific retear rates, subsequent revision surgeries, and the later outcome are available. Heusdens et al. have reported a retear in 2 of 42 patients following arthroscopic ACL repair with internal brace augmentation –both patients underwent subsequent ACL reconstruction [14]. DiFelice et al. reported one failure after primary ACL repair in 11 patients but give no information on the necessity of a subsequent revision surgery [10]. Despite only little information, ACL reconstruction is recognized as the regular revision surgery following failed primary ACL repair [15]. Although there have been no previous reports of a successful ACL re-repair as a revision surgery for a failed primary ACL repair, we performed this surgery after carefully weighing pros and cons with our patient. The main reasons for doing so were the informed consent of our patient (that was very satisfied with the functional outcome of the primary ACL repair), the type of trauma (severe ski fall with no signs of instability at the regular follow-up visits), as well as the intraoperative findings (proximal tear pattern, good tissue quality, and intact synovial coverage).
Conclusion
We provide the first case of an arthroscopic ACL re-repair as a revision surgery for primary ACL repair. Using internal brace augmentation, good to excellent objective and subjective short-term results can be achieved. However, critical patient selection – including assessment of the ACL retear pattern and tissue quality – is essential.
Clinical Message
Arthroscopic ACL re-repair using internal brace augmentation is feasible and provides objective and subjective short-term clinical success as a revision surgery for primary ACL repair in patients with a proximal retear pattern and good tissue quality.
References
1. Sanders TL, MaraditKremers H, Bryan AJ, Larson DR, Dahm DL, Levy BA, et al. Incidence of anterior cruciate ligament tears and reconstruction: A 21-year population-based study. Am J Sports Med 2016;44:1502-7.
2..:335-46.
4. Krause M, Freudenthaler F, Frosch KH, Achtnich A, Petersen W, Akoto R, et al. Operative versus conservative treatment of anterior cruciate ligament rupture. DtschArztebl Int 2018;115:855-62.
5. van der List JP, DiFelice GS. Arthroscopic primary anterior cruciate ligament repair with suture augmentation. Arthrosc Tech 2017;6:e1529-34.
6. Hoogeslag RAG, Brouwer RW, Boer BC, de Vries AJ, Huis In‘ t Veld R. Acute anterior cruciate ligament rupture: Repair or reconstruction? Two-year results of a randomized controlled clinical trial. Am J Sports Med 2019;47:567-77.
7. Chambat P, Guier C, Sonnery-Cottet B, Fayard JM, Thaunat M. The evolution of ACL reconstruction over the last fifty years. Int Orthop2013;37:181-6.
8. van der List JP, Jonkergouw A, van Noort A, Kerkhoffs GMMJ, DiFelice GS. Identifying candidates for arthroscopic primary repair of the anterior cruciate ligament: A case-control study. Knee 2019;26:619-27.
9. van der List JP, DiFelice GS. Primary repair of the anterior cruciate ligament: A paradigm shift. Surgeon 2017;15:161-8.
10. DiFelice GS, Villegas C, Taylor S. Anterior cruciate ligament preservation: Early results of a novel arthroscopic technique for suture anchor primary anterior cruciate ligament repair. Arthroscopy 2015;31:2162-71.
11. van Eck CF, Limpisvasti O, ElAttrache NS. Is there a role for internal bracing and repair of the anterior cruciate ligament? A systematic literature review. Am J Sports Med 2018;46:2291-8.
12..
13. Gifstad T, Drogset JO, Viset A, Grøntvedt T, Hortemo GS. Inferior results after revision ACL reconstructions: A comparison with primary ACL reconstructions. Knee Surg Sports TraumatolArthrosc2013;21:2011-8.
14. Heusdens CHW, Hopper GP, Dossche L, Roelant E, Mackay GM. Anterior cruciate ligament repair with independent suture tape reinforcement: A case series with 2-year follow-up. Knee Surg Sports TraumatolArthrosc2019;27:60-7.
15. Sherman MF, Lieber L, Bonamo JR, Podesta L, Reiter I. The long-term followup of primary anterior cruciate ligament repair. Defining a rationale for augmentation. Am J Sports Med 1991;19:243-55.
PDC World Darts: Taylor to blaze his way into round three
The PDC World Darts Championship is starting to pick up the pace following its Christmas interlude, with the second round well underway at Alexandra Palace.
As the matches get tougher, the upsets will start to come thick and fast, and although we’re expecting Phil Taylor to romp into round three, we have picked out one unexpected winner in our three best bets.
Kyle Anderson to beat Andy Hamilton @ 11/8
The Hammer just about saw off Canadian qualifier Dave Richardson 3-2 in the opening round, but that could well be as far as he goes at Alexandra Palace.
Anderson, in contrast, swaggered into round two via a 3-0 win over Steve Beaton, and 12th-seed Hamilton has been in awful form at this season’s major tournaments, failing to make a single quarter-final.
Phil Taylor to beat Mark Webster 4-0 @ 6/4
These two have met twice at the World Championship in the past, and Webster actually won their most recent clash in the 2011 quarter-finals.
However, since then Taylor has won eight in a row against Spider, and there could well be a repeat of the whitewash he delivered versus Webster in 2010, when the Power won 6-0 in the semi-finals.
Taylor was imperious in the first round, averaging 100.57 as he beat Jyhan Artut 3-0, while Webster managed a measly 81.91 as he beat Ron Meulenkamp 3-1.
Kim Huybrechts to beat Ian White @ 8/15
The Belgian was in scintillating form in round one, averaging 99.40 as he beat Michael Mansell 3-0.
That average was the fourth-best posted by any player at the tournament so far, with only Adrian Lewis, Taylor, and Raymond van Barneveld boasting a better tally.
Huybrechts has also won each of his three matches with White in 2014, and five of his last seven against Diamond in total.
All Odds and Markets are correct as of the date of publishing.
Fancy a flutter? Sign up today to claim up to £25 in free bets.Working with two famous franchises with Guardians of the Galaxy and The Suicide Squad, writer and director James Gunn was able to compare the difference of working with both Marvel and DC. He shared his insights on how each treats their projects and on being the one calling the shots for the films he handled.
James Gunn is known for writing and directing for Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy films before making the jump to DC in doing the same for the upcoming standalone sequel of The Suicide Squad. His last project with Marvel would be Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 which will be releasing in 2023.
In an interview with The New York Times, James Gunn shared the difference between working with DC and Marvel. He said, "There's no doubt Kevin Feige is way more involved with editing than people are at Warner Bros. He gives more notes. You don't have to take them and I don't always take them... The truth is, as Marvel goes on and Kevin Feige starts to amass ownership of half of all film in general, he's more spread out."
He also shared that DC has a "less uniform approach" and how that is one of the main comparisons that DC can differ from Marvel. With both of the franchises heading in the direction of having their very own version of the multiverse, Gunn talked about the approaches that the studios are heading to, "The Marvel Universe has always been a little more cohesive, and DC has always had more great single runs."
His upcoming The Suicide Squad is expected to bring in more DC characters than any other film in the franchise. As for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, it is still under production and it seems that Gunn is proud with his farewell project with Marvel.
What an experience that James Gunn has had, right?
The Suicide Squad will premiere in theaters and on HBO Max on August 6, 2021. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 is scheduled for release on May 5, 2023.
Related: James Gunn Reveals WB Told Him Harley Quinn Didn't Have to Be in The Suicide SquadOpen Spaces was formed to bring together people who are interested in questioning how psychoanalysis can expand its reach to include diversity among its central components of inquiry. The Analytic Division is hosting the 2nd year of “Open Spaces” and excited to announce our speakers who have dedicated their thinking and work to include the “social substrate” as part of what forms and influences us.
If you wish to register for any of these offerings at this time, please click the registration link at the bottom of this page and you will be sent to a registration page. Please specify which event(s) you are registering for. You will receive a Zoom link shortly before the event(s) you list. As we get closer to each event we will send individual flyers, also with registration links along with program details. Upon registration (whether now or as each event is announced), any papers that the speaker(s) feel may be useful, will be sent to you.
“Open Spaces” is a free space” and welcomes all members of the ICP community.
Gillian Straker, Room for Race in the Therapy Space,
Saturday, November 20, 2021, 3:00 – 4:30PM
Karim Dajani, The Social Unconscious – Repeating, Remembering and Working Through.
Sunday, January 30, 2022, 3:30- 5:00PM
Patricia Clough, Katie Gentile, Kathleen Del Mar Miller, More-than-human matters: climate, embodiment, and time.
Sunday, March 20, 2022, 3:30 – 5:00PM
Amber Musser and Michelle Stephens in Conversation: The Flesh, Sensuality, and Racialization.
Sunday, April 30th, 2022, 3:30 – 5:00PM
A Reading Group with limited registration will be facilitated by Pearl Ellen Gordon and Rachel Greenspan.
Dates: January 23, 2022, February 6, 2022, February 20, 2022,
March 13, 2022, March 27, 2022 – Sundays 3:00-4:30PM
Readings: Beloved by Toni Morrison and selections from Internal Racism by M. Fakhey Davids.Gotten your hands dirty with Microsoft Hyper-V yet? If not, this talk will give you plenty of virtual rope. Even if you have, we’ll build on the basics by discussing advanced topics such as clustering, disaster recovery, and System Center Virtual Machine Manager.
————-
Dan Griffin, the founder of JW Secure, Inc. and Restorify, LLC, is a Microsoft Enterprise Security MVP. He previously spent seven years working on smart cards and cryptography for Microsoft while on the Windows Security development team. He has published several articles on Windows security software development and is a frequent speaker at security conferences. Dan holds a Masters degree in Computer Science from the University of Washington and a Bachelors degree in CS from Indiana University.Perfect.
Now let’s go exploring!
Too true. I love Bill Watterson’s artistic touch here, too.
This is awesome.
Exactly.
… and that’s love, folks.
Accurate.
I, for one, couldn’t agree more with exoticdoc2 - that is just downright disturbing.
This is so much fun.
@OpenWings
I wasn’t trying to be subtle. I was just remarking on your not-so-veiled use of the harsher side of the english language.
@eardroppings
Nice play on my name. It was cute. If you hadn’t glossed over my post and read OpenWings reply instead of my post (you quoted OpenWings, not me), you would have noticed that I actually did say that you were stating your opinion. I am fine with opinions, as is everyone on here, but what everyone seems to have a problem with is the way that you handled your opinion. It was disrespectful and without tact, and you still refuse to acknowledge that part of it. You instead chase the red herring of not being allowed to share a personal opinion. I made no erroneous point, I simply commented on the situation. I’m fine with you giving your opinion on anything - just try to show a little respect.
Nice subtlety there, OpenWings. Way to have some class.
dermandro, looks like you were checking the page every five minutes, too, so, there you go.
Actually, eardroppings, you told the artist himself that you thought your idea was better than his, which seems pretty insulting to someone who is making original creations to his own satisfaction rather than yours. I actually think this whole debate is pretty pointless, as you did just offer your opinion, and in my opinion, handled the reaction to it poorly. Now that we’ve all figured out what the strip is, why not enjoy it? Settle down, kids.
Perfect.
Now let’s go exploring!Description
Glyco 6 Cream
Included is:
- One 30 gram tube of Glyco 6 cream
More product information:
What is glycolic acid?
Glycolic acid is probably the most common alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) and has the reputation of being one of the safest forms of AHA..
What can glycolic acid cream do?
It can be used to treat melasma. Glycolic acid cream is beneficial in treating and preventing acne. It is a natural treatment that can help reduce inflammation and acne breakouts, by unclogging pores and removing dead skin cells. It may also help to improve the appearance of your acne scars.
Glycolic acid cream is beneficial for reducing lines and wrinkles that result from the aging process. It is beneficial in the treatment of skin wrinkles and blemishes. When applied topically to the skin, it has a strong exfoliating action that promotes the shedding of dead skin cells, which results in younger, healthier skin.
Cautions:
If you have very sensitive skin, be careful when using products that contain glycolic acid. This product can be harsh to people with very sensitive skin. If you use a glycolic acid cleanser on your skin every day, make sure you also wear a good sunscreen.
This particular cream is strong enough to be effective but not so strong in concentration that it promotes irritation. Generally, the 6% cream can be worn overnight with minimal irritation, resulting in glowing skin especially with continued use. This is actually a very hydrating cream that reduces general facial dryness. Can be used daily.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Janet Johnson defends physicians, pharmacists and other medical professionals who treat patients suffering from chronic pain.
A ‘Pill Mill’ is a term used to refer to a medical clinic or doctor’s office accused of distributing pain medication without a legitimate medical purpose or outside the usual course of a professional medical practice. The Government believes that a ‘ill mill’ is more concerned with making money than helping patients. Law enforcement agencies look for red flags to suggest that a medical clinic is operating as a ‘pill mill’, but these so-called red flags can also be perfectly legal activity.
Doctors who prescribe a lot of Oxycodone, Hydrocodone, Fentanyl, Morphine and other narcotic drugs will also have the attention of the DEA. Law enforcement agents may literally hide and watch the clinic for months, taking photos of the patients and recording their license plates. In some cases, employees or patients will be interviewed. Their investigations can take over a year to complete and are concluded when the Government raids the medical facility and arrests the doctors involved. Sometimes other employees will be arrested as well.
If you feel that your office is under investigation, or if it has already been targeted, contact Janet Johnson today for a free evaluation and consultation 904-634-8991.
Janet Johnson’s practice covers the Jacksonville, FL areas of Duval County, St Johns County, Nassau County, Clay County, Baker County.Cats are known for not truly loving their owners and instead relying on them for food and shelter. And, let’s face it, a warm lap now and then. While cats are aloof, they do appear to have favorite humans with whom they prefer to snuggle up more than others. What is the best way to form a solid friendship with a cat?
Cats form attachments and imprint on their owners when they have mastered their language and understand how to satisfy their wants. If you treat your cat nicely, it will choose you as its favourite human. Previously abandoned cats are more prone to imprint on their owners, and some kinds are known to be loyal to one person.
Let’s take a look on how cats imprint on their owners.
How Do You Know If Your Cat Imprinted On You?
If your cat has imprinted on you, he will start showing various signs of affection like grooming and adoring you.
Most of us believe that our cats don’t care about us, yet they just come to us for food and shelter. Cats may look distant at times, yet they are capable of developing a deep bond with their owners.
You’ve come to the correct place if you’re wondering why your cat follows you around. You’re about to discover all there is to know about cat imprinting and what it entails.
When a cat lives in a household with numerous individuals, it may favour one person above the others. It’s not simply a matter of taste—a cat imprints on the person who learns to interact with it most effectively.
For a variety of reasons, your cat may imprint on you. It’s possible that you’re not playing with it enough or in the appropriate way. Maybe you let it sit on your lap while the rest of the family doesn’t.
It’s impossible to pinpoint a single reason why your cat leaves an impression on you. The conclusion is that if you are adept at understanding cat language, a cat will prefer to imprint on you. In one study, researchers observed that cats purr to attract the attention of their owners.
It’s enough reason to be your pet’s favourite if you’re adept at listening to that purr and deciphering its message.
Meowing and body language are the most common ways for cats to communicate. They utilise these cues to communicate with people about their feelings and desires. If you can decipher this language well, you will become your cat’s favourite person.
Once your cat has formed an attachment to you, it will express you affection in a variety of ways. Sitting in the same room with you may be interpreted by one cat as a sign of affection. Another cat’s ideal approach of expressing you affection is to sit on your chest and purr.
Consider what draws you to your best buddy to better understand how cats chose their favourite person. It might be because they are entertaining to be around or always treat you well. The same may be said for our feline companions.
Your animal buddy may like you because you are the type of person who feeds it frequently or spends the most time with it. Cats prefer to spend their time with people that make them feel safe and cared for.
The choice of a close companion for your cat might be surprising. A cat may pick you for a variety of reasons, including scent. Other cats may have a preference for males over females. Others may prefer children to adults. It’s simply another of our dogs’ enigmatic aspects that we have yet to explore.
Signs Your Cat Has Imprinted On You
1. Grooming Session
When a cat grooms itself; its tongue works as a comb. However, the practice is not confined to licking one’s own skin. Your cat may lick you on occasion, and it’s strange when he attempts to clean you by licking your hands or feet.
Grooming is something that your cat does naturally. Sibling cats groom each other, and a mother cat brushes her offspring.
It’s a form of social connection that they engage in. When your cat feels relaxed, it licks you. Your cat considers you to be a member of its family if it grooms you.
When a cat grooms its person to “clean it,” it does it in the same way it grooms its own hair to eliminate dust.
Grooming you is a solid hint that you are its preferred individual.
2. Eye To Eye
Your cat is expressing affection to you if it welcomes you with a slow blink. It is the ultimate show of confidence when a cat closes its eyes in the company of another. Some people believe that a cat’s gradual blink is the same as a kiss.
So, the next time your cat gives you a slow blink, consider returning the gesture because it communicates that you love it and aren’t afraid of it.
3. Following You Everywhere
Following its owner around is one of the most common signals that a cat has imprinted on them.
If your cat follows you to the kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom, you and your cat have developed a deep attachment. If your kitten acts like this, it may believe you are its mother.
Kittens follow their mother around since this is how they learn to behave and because they rely on her for protection. Some kittens continue to follow their owners around even when they reach maturity.
Your cat feels secure with you if it knows you’ll supply its requirements; therefore it wants to be near you, which is why it follows you around.
4. Verbal Communication
Cats learn to purr as early as a few days old to aid their mother in locating them and reassuring her that they are safe. Purring aids in the bonding of the mother cat and her offspring.
When your cat is around you, it may purr to let you know that it is safe.
When you tease your cat under the chin or brush its back, it purrs as a show of contentment. A purr, according to most cat owners, is the most identifiable indicator that their cat is comfortable and calm in their presence.
When you hold or pet your cat, you will notice that it purrs louder. In other words, a purr is the feline equivalent of a grin.
Why Do Cats Bond With Only One Person?
Cats bond with only one person because they get attached to the person who loves and pampers them the most.
Imprinting can also be caused by the breed of a cat. A Siberian cat, according to one breeder, is prone to being devoted to a single human.
It may follow this individual both inside and outside the house. Other members of the household are acknowledged, but the cat still chooses to snuggle with its favourite human.
Female Siamese cats are also known to love and enjoy cuddling with their owners.
At What Age Do Cats Imprint?
Cats learn to imprint at the age of 2-9 weeks old.
It’s the ideal time to bond with you and interact with other humans, cats, and dogs in a safe environment.
The personality and background of a kitten or younger cat play a role in bonding. If it has had human interaction, it is likely to be sociable and accustomed to being handled.
Give the kitten a safe place to sleep, such as a cat bed, as well as the necessities – food, treats, and toys – as well as plenty of attention. Some people love combing and brushing their hair, while others do not.
Put the kitten in a bedroom or a small area where it will feel comfortable if it seems shy or scared. Don’t put too much pressure on the animal. To see whether the kitten will come out of hiding, sit calmly on the floor, read a book, and scatter goodies. At first, petting or attempting to play may be scary.
What Does It Mean When A Cat Chooses You?
If a cat chooses you over anyone else, it means you are his favourite person.
Cats like playing, but they know when to stop. You don’t want to overwork your cat to the point that it becomes fatigued and exhibits indications of exhaustion, such as panting. It’s a solid indicator that your cat is exhausted if it retires to its bed after playing.
Your cat approaches you for a variety of reasons, ranging from food to attention. Learn to recognize these signals. Your cat may approach you after being gone from home for some hugs or to remind you to feed it.
Your cat may meow at the door to let you know it wants to go when you’re in a closed room. When you go by, your cat can swipe at your feet to let you know it’s ready to play. Learn to recognize and analyse these signals.
Can Cats Imprint On More Than One Person?
Yes, cats can imprint on more than one person.
When there are several individuals in the house, it’s easy to see that a cat loves one person over the others. Because each cat has an own personality, the manner it communicates and what it wants and needs will vary. Maybe it’s because you’re the best at playing with the cat toy.
Cats rely on scent and sound to navigate the environment, so it’s only natural that they utilise them to recognize people and other animals. And it’s been discovered that cats can recognize and respond to their owners’ voices, even though it doesn’t always feel like it at home when your cat ignores you!
Frequently Asked Questions
Do cats remember previous owners?
Even after years apart, cats have strong long-term memory and can recognize their owners. The new living environment, on the other hand, is likely to upset cats. Any sadness or hostility may be due to a change of residence rather than an unbreakable attachment to a former owner.
Can my cat be my soulmate?
Soul partner cats are very sensitive to your emotions, and you create an inextricable link with them. When you’re sad or sick, they may appear frightened or try to console you.
How do you know your cat loves you?
Cats have a reputation for being tough to read, yet they may express their adoration in a variety of ways. Licking the hair or licking the ears is an indication that a cat trusts that person. A cat’s affection for a person can be expressed in subtle ways, such as a slow blink.
Final Words
When cats are not threatened by other cats, they will rub on them, sleep close them, and remain in their presence to demonstrate affection. Your cat has officially imprinted on you if it repeats those actions with you.
Leave your questions in the comments section below.Regardless if you are the very best fan or possibly an periodic collector, you need to uncover the businesses that have all of the basketball memorabilia and sporting apparel you can actually need. It doesn’t matter that you simply root for or what types of products you are looking for. Even if you are looking for gifts, you will find them at these stores, your one-stop shops for your Basketball needs. There’s also many products including apparel for guys, women, and kids, footwear, hats, books, DVDs, memorabilia, magazines, autographs, Basketball photos, along with the newest Basketball updates from ESPN.com around the Feed.
Any fan of sports can savor these products at these shops, no matter who they may be or what they may be trying to find. Even if you are looking for gifts for sports fans within your existence, you will find just about everything at these great online Basketball stores. Basketball is definitely an very popular sport, and professional basketball reaches a sizable audience that has all sorts of fans, collectors, and enthusiasts. From replica jerseys to hats, footwear, plus much more, there is something for everyone when deciding on Basketball products that might be here.
Be it in season, you’ll find all the latest scores around the ESPN Basketball scoreboard, to be able to monitor your teams while you shop. You’ll find Lebron, Ray Bird, and everyone else that you are looking for. It doesn’t matter whether or not you would like old classics or new favorites, because our shop gets the largest selection of Basketball products to complement all fans of each and every age bracket. Regardless if you are a ongoing collector or possibly a brand new enthusiast, there is something to suit your needs. Why not a Opponents watch? Or even you need a Celtics beer stein? You will find both and even more at these great stores!
These types of stores obviously have everything. You will find all your favorites of all the your chosen teams. When you are there, check out the rest of the sports shopping selections for the Nfl, Nhl, Mlb plus much more during your sports needs. They have a variety of products within the Basketball, and so are the very best basketball store if you are an passionate collector or just someone trying to support your chosen team. See the products today. You’ll make certain to like precisely what you uncover. Plus, our pricing is amazingly low, that makes it even simpler to obtain the apparel, memorabilia, and sports products that you have always wanted.Property Attributes
- MLS#72907079
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyFRANKLIN
- CityOrange
- Zip01364
- StyleCape
- Year Built1995
- Taxes$ 4852
- Price$ 330,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1818
- Lot Size1.33 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Lana Kopsala with Coldwell Banker Realty - Leominster.
Data Source:
Massachusetts MLS Property Info Network (MLSPIN) - 3 - MA
Property Description
OPEN HOUSE CANCELLED - Contemporary 3/4 bedroom CAPE w/ 3-car garage (18' ceiling in last bay), on 1.33 acre lot! 1st floor offers remodeled Kitchen w/ new cabinets, countertops and sink, to a front to back living room w/ dining area and slider to extended back deck. 1st floor Master bedroom option w/ double closets, cathedral ceilings & slider to deck. Full-bath & laundry. 2nd floor features Master bedroom 24x24 w/ skylights, cathedral ceiling, gas fireplace, private balcony, walk-in closet & a private jacuzzi tub! Office w/ skylight,3rd bedroom & 3/4 bath. Updates include, well pump replaced (2019), custom cabinets in kitchen (2016), newer heating system (2016) & water filtration. Maple hardwood flooring on 1st floor, 3 zones of heating, 10x16 shed & farmer's porch. Conservation land across the street and close to area recreation spots like Tully Lake & Doane's Falls.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolI managed to fall down last night and twisted my foot. These stupid old slide on slippers stretched and I caught the front of one on the rug and went down like a ton of bricks with my foot headed the wrong way. I don't think it's broken. More likely I pulled some tendons or strained some ligaments. Not much swelling. The pain is centered at top of the foot where it bends, just in front of the ankle. The ankle seems fine..✕ Filters Reset AllApply
Popular Engineering Entrance Coaching Courses in Mumbai
100 percent Crack CBSE and State Board exams
By Ravi KumarClass 12 Tuition,Engineering Entrance Coaching,IIT JEE CoachingNerul, Mumbai
All the science students are most welcome for their final board exam preparation for sure shot success. Topics CoveredBoard syllabus Who should attendAll... 
IIT - JEE
By DURGA PRASADEngineering Entrance CoachingPowai Iit, Mumbai
This course is for any student from 6th class up to 12TH levels and they must be from science and maths background with any educational boards like CBSE,... 
Crash course for IIT-JEE
By RamyangshuEngineering Entrance CoachingMulund East, Mumbai
Prerequisite skills: *Must have finished syllabus for Boards *Strong determination *Ability to think logically *Not to rely on route learning *Should... 
JEE main physics in Three month
By Prof. ShadEngineering Entrance CoachingNavi Mumbai, Mumbai
This is a crash course on physics for class 12th students going to give examination.the course is designed in a manner which covers every topic in detail... 
Physics and Chemistry Classes
By Prof. ShadEngineering Entrance CoachingNavi Mumbai, Mumbai
About the Course: This is a crash course on maths for class 12th students going to give examination in march 2019.the course is designed in a manner which... 
Find the best Engineering Entrance Coaching Tutor & Institute to improve your skill
JEE advanced 2020 crash course (physics)
By Chandan KumarEngineering Entrance CoachingKandivali East, Mumbai
We know that due to ongoing COVID19 pandemic, academics of many students are affected, the much needed boost for last minute preparation is jeopardised... 
JEE Main and Advanced Crash Course(FREE)
By Chandan Kumar GuptaEngineering Entrance CoachingKandivali East, Mumbai
We know that due to ongoing COVID19 pandemic, academics of many students are affected, the much needed boost for last minute preparation is jeopardised... 
Physics Group For JEE Mains
By Shuddhodan SapreEngineering Entrance CoachingGirgaon, Mumbai
The course covers entire syllabus for JEE. The group will be of 10 students and the fees will be charged as per the group. The course will have: Concept... 
Crash course of Maths for JEE Mains and Advanced plus boards.
By Amit Tirpude Engineering Entrance CoachingPowai, Mumbai
100 days regular classroom program of Crash course is specially designed and created with the objective of helping the 10+2 appearing or passed students... 
Physics crash course for JEE Advance
By BhoumikIIT JEE Crash Course,IIT JEE Coaching,Engineering Entrance CoachingPowai Iit, Mumbai
Crash course for IIT JEE advance. We will cover all the important concepts and tricks that will help you score well in JEE mains and advance. Topics CoveredImportant... 
Chemistry for JEE Advanced
By Laxank PurohitEngineering Entrance CoachingBandra West, Mumbai
Learning Chemistry for JEE is not just about covering the syllabus. It is about developing a love for the subject so that it can absorb you. This course... 
Integrated Engineering entrance
By Ganesh MadkaikarEngineering Entrance CoachingMahim West, Mumbai
If you have scored 60 percent and above in ssc and want to become an engineer then join this course. We have a tie up with a reputed college in Dadar where... 
11th IIT JEE Mathematics Volume -I
By Bhushan JamsandekarEngineering Entrance CoachingPant Nagar East, Mumbai
Mathematics is an art and requires a lot of practice. In this Course we will provide you material as well as question bank topic wise which is of really... 
JEE Mains Crash course (Mathematics)
By Pankaj jainEngineering Entrance CoachingPowai, Mumbai
The course covers the complete JEE MAINS syllabus with more emphasis on type of questions normally asked in competetive exams and the appraoach to solve... 
LAUNCHPAD for MATHEMATICS
By Saurabh JainMath Tutors,Engineering Entrance Coaching,Class 12 TuitionNavi Mumbai, Mumbai
Following are the features of class; 1) Teach complete syllabus for mathematics also Knowledge (extra classes) of competitive exams to students preparing... 
Find the best Engineering Entrance Coaching Tutor & Institute to improve your skill
✕ Sort by ResetApply
Find best tutors for Engineering Entrance Coaching Classes by posting a requirement.
Find best Engineering EntranceCrystalline Silica: The Science).
Crystalline silica is hard, chemically inert and has a high melting point. These are valued/important properties in various industrial uses.
..
The respirable dust fraction corresponds to the proportion of an airborne particle, which penetrates to the pulmonary alveolar region of the lungs.
Respirable crystalline silica is the respirable dust fraction of crystalline silica which enters the body by inhalation. This term applies to workplace atmospheres.. Find out more about classification and labelling.
The fine fraction of crystalline silica is the relevant fraction which can potentially reach the deep lung, as defined by EN 481.Metastasized colon cancer: At a loss..what is next?
My husband was diagnosed with colon cancer over 5 years ago. It will be 6 years on valentine’s day. About a year later it metastasized to both lungs. There are a lot of small modules in both lungs. He had a lung biopsy done and confirmed it is colon cancer. He has taken all of the chemos and immunotherapy for colon cancer.
He has worked pretty much everyday except for surgeries or chemo days. It has taken me a long time but, I get it now. He works to keep busy and keep his mind off it.
He takes care of all his own needs. So I don’t really feel I deserve the title of caregiver. But yet, here I am feeling lonely, depressed, and sad most of the time. The last 2 weeks I went through a really dark time. I might mention that during these 6 years I lost my mom, dad and in February my youngest brother died suddenly of a massive heart attack.
No matter what I say or do it is wrong. He likes a food one week, so I buy it again and suddenly he doesn’t really like it. Nothing I cook is right. Nothing I say is right. Nothing I do is right in his eyes. I act silly with the grandkids and he shakes his head in disapproval.
I realize he is sick, and not feeling well. I try to remember that he is just taking it out on me cause I’m the closest one to him.
All of my family lives in different states. I work full time, take a yoga class once a week and ride my stationary bike at least 45 minutes 4 days a week. Last summer I broke the tibula and fibula off in my right ankle. Had emergency surgery and still not 100%. I’m 62 so maybe it’s as good as it’s going to get.
Wow seems sort of selfish when I re read this. Mostly about me.
I notice in the past several weeks he seems to be breathing harder. He finally admitted he gets out of breath easy and has heart palpitations.
I want to know what to watch for next. I know everyone is different and there is no set answer. But is this something he can overcome? When I ask the dr he said we always hope to cure.
Wow sorry so long.
How are things going? I have my first counseling session tomorrow. Do you think it helps you?
Hi @lah. Well, we haven’t been home, but no snow where we live, But wow! Out West! We’ve been at Mayo Clinic for post op appt for my husband and to meet with oncology. They want to get him set up to start chemo ASAP but they discovered a pocket of fluid in the abdomen on CT so now he’s on two weeks of antibiotics. After that we have another checkup at Mayo. He’ll be having chemo at the hospital at home eventually. Good Luck at your appt. my first one was pretty much just an assessment, lots of questions. Know this, if you don’t click with the first therapist, don’t give up. Try another but give it a little time first before you do.
Hello @lah I just wanted to say great news on getting your counseling appointment! I know, over the years and years my wife and I went to counseling, it was an incredible help to her, to me, and to us. It was something that neither of us ever regretted, even for a second.
I wish you all the best with your counselor!
Strength, courage, and peace!
Hope your husband is on the mend soon so he can get started.
Hi lah, I've read through many of the posts and they have given many good suggestions. Do you ever go out "with friends" or go to a movie to just
"get away from things for a couple of hours. Even coffee after work with someone. Even grabbing a good novel and reading for awhile. Have some "you" time every evening. The food situation is probably due to all the medications he is taking so his liking and then disliking a certain food is probably due to that. I have a suggestion with your leg. My husband broke the main bone in his lower right leg rollerskating 5 years ago in March. One place right above the ankle and then a jagged break about half way up. Plate and screws fixed it. For rehab he used a recombant (sp) bike peddling both forward and backward after he got the approval to put weight on it. He also lightly bounced on a trampoline for 1/2 hour at a time. This was great for his calf muscles as well as a good drainage for his lymphatic system. He had to cut a slit in his work boot (farmer) and sock in order to accomodate for the screws for the first year. Later he just loosened the ties. It healed well and he was able to harvest our crops that fall. As long as you have the bike try peddling backwards. Just a few suggestions. Take care of yourself. Blessings, Kathy
Thank you so much! I do go out for dinner with a friend on occasion, and it is really nice. I will try peddling backwards – never thought of that. I know it took such a long time for my ankle to look like an ankle again. Glad your husband is doing better.
I understand that his tastes are off because of the chemo. But, geesh he doesn't have to blame me for it. Actually I'm doing better with that.i just say ok then move on to something else. I do remind him his tastes are off because of the chemo.
Thank you for taking the time to give me suggestions. everyone is so nice here! Have blessed day🙃
Thank you. I actually felt good when i left. Just to have someone listen to me, and not tell me i am wrong was amazing. What a shame I have to pay someone to get that. Looking forward to this week appt.
We go to dr tomorrow to get results of CT scan taken on Thursday.
@lah You sound so much ‘lighter’! Therapy with the right person can help so much. I’m so glad you went. Good luck with the doctor visit tomorrow
I'm glad i went too.
Thank you!
@lah How are you doing? I think you were getting scan results last week.
Several of the lesions in his lungs have grown.now he is taking a new immunotherapy. Vectibex or something like that. His face is starting to burn and hurt. Hes lost a lot of interest in food. Can't find anything that tastes good.
@lah Try doing Ensure to get needed nutrients into him. Keeping up your body is important. Another thing is to try things like Slimfast type powders, or protein powders, making up milkshake type drinks with ice cream, blended fruit [bananas, strawberries, etc] or flavorings to make it palatable. Also, check with his doctor and local support groups, for any tips they can offer. I hope this helps.
GingerMentzendorff Kummel has a powerful nose, with lifted aromas of aniseed, cumin and hints of orange zest. The palate delivers balanced flavours of caraway, white pepper and liquorice.
Drink neat over ice, or long with soda water and a sprig of Rosemary
38%
Click Enter only if you are at least 18 years of age.
Submit your email to get the latest offers, updates and news from Caviste.
Are you a New User? REGISTER HERE
We will send you an email to reset your password.Local 100 Celebrates Today’s Immigration Victory! opportunity for people like me to fulfill our dreams: to live, work, study, and raise our children in the United States—our home—without the fear of deportation,” said a Celica Valdez, housekeeper in Monterey, CA and President of UNITE HERE Local 483, “This is a victory that was one only after years of fighting alongside fellow immigrants, DACA recipients, and my union family.”
It is also important to recognize in this time of national uprising against racial injustice that Black undocumented immigrants face increased incidents of police brutality and are more likely to be deported. Protecting DACA is one way to protect these individuals and all immigrants, but there is still work to be done.
Our nation must still achieve legalization with a path to citizenship for all Dreamers as well as those with Temporary Protected Status, Deferred Enforced Departure, and those who are undocumented. Last year, Congress passed the Dream and Promise Act, and now the Senate must take it up and pass permanent protections for immigrants.
So, we celebrate a week of very positive Supreme Court decisions that benefit our immigrant and LGBTQ siblings. And while this has been a week of victory, there remains a racist and anti-immigrant administration in the White House. UNITE HERE remains as committed as ever to organize to defeat Trump at the ballot box this November. Sí se puede.The dancers of Les Ballets de Monte-Carlo redoubled their efforts to stay in shape during lockdown and are looking forward to delighting their audiences with a particularly generous winter season.
An anthology of works by Jean-Christophe Maillot awaits spectators this year.
From October 15 to 17, 2020, The Company will be among the first in the world to perform again, and will interpret Altro Canto and Vers un Pays Sage.
For the holiday season, the Grimaldi Forum will once again welcome Les Ballets de Monte-Carlo from December 11, 2020 to January 3, 2021 for a choreographic fireworks display.
From December 11 to 13, the Company will perform Dov’è la luna and the new creation by Jean-Christophe Maillot: Opus 60. No fewer than three major narrative ballets will then be presented to the public: Cinderella, Romeo and Juliet and LAC.
The dancers will be accompanied by the Monte-Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Igor Dronov and Kazuki Yamada.
Online ticketing opens: July 15, 2020
Grimaldi Forum ticket office opens: August 22, 2020
Opening of the ticket office of the Atrium du Casino de Monte-Carlo: September 1, 2020
Find the season of the Ballets de Monte-Carlo at: balletsdemontecarlo.com
The public can be assured that health measures will be in place.
PHOTO: Alice BlangeroHolly
$ 240.00
- An update to our best selling Magnolia, with a structured, vented crown and flat brim is contrasting shades of butterscotch.
- 10cm brim
- Hand Woven Panama Hat from Paja Toquilla straw
- Each hat is unique and reflects the natural beauty & variation of the handicraft process
- UPF 50
- Made in Ecuador
- Small/Medium (55 cm - 57 cm), Large (58 - 59 cm)On Saturday, September 25, our comrades of the Peace & Freedom Party Sacramento chapter joined dozens of other groups at the 2021 Climate Justice Festival.
Sponsored by groups including the Sacramento Climate Coalition, Poor People's Campaign, and the Red Black and Green Coalition among others, the event brought attention to the worldwide catastrophe of global warming and to the problem of many pollution sources being placed in areas inhabited by poor people and people of color.
Peace and Freedom Party was among the many booths offering solutions and a view to a better tomorrow. The Sacramento comrades fielded questions, registered PFP voters, handed out literature and sold bumper stickers. It was a good day.
.
***Seeks intervention of Head of Service, Ministry of Education
By Henry Umoru, ABUJA
THE Senate has waded into the lingering crisis at the National Institute for Educational Planning and Administration, NIEPA, asking the Head of Service and the Ministry of Education to intervene in the crisis.
Resolution of the Senate yesterday to intervene in the leadership feud was sequel to the consideration of a report by the Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions during plenary.
In his presentation, Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ayo Akinyelure, PDP, Ondo Central said that one Alhaji Haruna Yahaya accused the Director-General of NIEPA of gross misconduct and deliberate attempts to frustrate and humiliate former Principal Officers of the Institute by scrapping their offices.
According to him, the report was on a petition received by the Senate against the Director-General of the Institute, Prof. Olivet Jagusah for abandoning his duty post and operating from Abuja.
Akinyelure said that those affected include Prof. (Mrs) Olatoun Akinsolu, a most senior academic staff and former Acting DG of the Institute that handed over to the present DG; Dr. (Mrs) Adebola Agbaje, former librarian of the Institute; and Dr Olaolu Festus, former Acting Register and Secretary to the Council between 2006 and 2009.
According to him, the petitioner also accused the DG and the Governing Council of violating the rule of seniority in public service by supplanting Mrs Abimbola Fayanju as the Acting Registrar of the Institute over her senior colleague Dr Olaolu Festus.
Akinyelure who noted that despite the fact that Fayanju’s tenure had elapsed for the past three years, no attempt was being made to replace her, said that the petitioner also accused the DG of making clandestine arrangements for the relocation of the Institute from Ondo State to Abuja, an action which he described as a disservice to the state.
However, the Director-General of the Institute, Prof. Olivet Jagusah, in his submission to the Ethics and Privileges Committee, said he was appointed as Chief Executive of the National Institute for Educational Planning and Administration by the Federal Ministry of Education with the approval of President Muhammadu Buhari on June 1, 2020.
He explained that the Institute was established in 1992 by the Federal Government in collaboration with UNESCO-IIEP, Paris, with a mandate to develop a critical mass of Education Sector Planners, Managers and Administrators, with its take-off in the defunct Federal School of Arts and Science, Ondo State.
He said his appointment as DG of the institution witnessed stiff resistance and protest by some individuals from the institute who organized a blockade against him, adding that, “the actions affected his assumption of duty”.
Jagusah recalled that for three months on the assumption of duty, he stayed in a hotel because there was no apartment for him to live in around the school vicinity.
He explained further that the idea of relocating the Institute to Abuja was mooted by his predecessor, Prof. Lilian Imuetinyan Salami, through a letter with reference No. NIEPA/LANREQ/001 dated March 20, 2017, and addressed to the Minister, Federal Ministry of Education.
He said based on the idea of relocating the institute, correspondences were exchanged between the Federal Ministry of Education, Federal Capital Territory Administration and the Inter-Ministerial Committee on the Disposal of Assets forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria for possible allocation to NIEPA.
The Director-General stated that as of date, the Institute has no enabling law establishing it, which, according to him, “has been a clog in the wheel of its progress”.
He disclosed that before he assumed duty, the institute had no administrative structure and organogram.
Jagusah said this prompted him to demand its restructuring, a request which was approved by the Head of Civil Service and resulted in the creation of six departments, seven units and nine liaison offices.
He said at a virtual meeting of the Governing Council of the Institute held in December 18, 2020, the restructuring of the Institute was approved in line with the organogram.
The Senate in a swift turn refused to adopt the three recommendations by the Ethics and Privileges Committee over their failure to address the contentious issues surrounding the lingering crisis at the Institute.
The Committee in its recommendations called for the cancellation of relocating the institute.
It also urged the Director-General to re-introduce the offices abolished and re-instate the officers dismissed.
The upper chamber, however, in ditching the Committee’s recommendations adopted new ones proposed in amendments by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi, and seconded by the Deputy Minority Whip, Abdullahi Danbaba.
Accordingly, the chamber urged the Federal Ministry of Education and the Office of the Head of Service of the Federation to appoint a Committee to rejig the administration and management of the institution to provide effective leadership and guidance, in order to reposition it for effective performance and operational confidence.
The chamber also underscored the need for an enabling Act to guide the operation of the institution and provide legal backing for its establishment.Today, I’m throwing eloquence out the window.
I just read an article in the latest issue of Newsweek, From Lockers to Lockup by Jessica Bennett, and it irritated the heck outta me. It mostly deals with the specific case of Phoebe Prince in South Hadley, Massachusetts. After Pheobe committed suicide, several of the students who bullied her were charged with various crimes. It’s a complex situation and I’m not even sure where I stand on all the legal issues. But the legal issues aren’t what disturbed me about this article.
Let’s begin with a quote from South Hadley’s superintendent, Gus Sayer. While these are Mr. Sayer’s words regarding the bullies, they fit very nicely into the arc of Ms. Bennett’s article.
“These are nice kids, regular kids. They come from nice families. They were headed to college.”
Okay, can we at least be honest about the basics? Bullying is not what nice people do. Nice people, by definition, treat people nicely. Yes, everyone goes through phases. Hopefully these teens were not on the path to remain bullies their entire lives. But at the time Phoebe killed herself, they were not going through a “nice kid” phase (no matter how they acted around the superintendent).
What about regular? When you’re bullied, yes, it can feel like the whole world’s against you. But in truth, the majority of the students are not calling you a slut, threatening to beat you up, or throwing things at you from a moving car. The “kids” who are doing that are not the norm. They’re not regular.
The law (and the media) may assess the world in black or white, but the players in the case don’t fit into neat categories. Phoebe suffered a terrible tragedy, but court filings have since revealed she had her own demons, too. She struggled with depression, self-mutilation, had been prescribed Seroquel (a medication to treat mood disorders), and had attempted suicide once before.
I love when members of the media call out the rest of the media for not doing a good job assessing the situation. It’s often someone trying to call attention to the “real” issue, which only they have the guts to articulate. Unfortunately, Ms. Bennett says nothing new in her article. Plenty of articles (yes, in the media!) have pointed out Phoebe’s history of suffering.
But what is the point of even bringing that up? Well...
Yet they couldn’t have known how badly the stunt would end….In the case of Phoebe Prince, the answer of who’s to blame might change if you knew that she had tried to kill herself before the epithets, was on medication for depression, and was struggling with her parents’ separation.
Here’s the thing. That’s precisely why bullying is so dangerous. Bullies never truly know the people they’re bullying (unless they happen to be bullying themselves). Everyone has different thresholds and different histories. Whether you bully a depressed person or a non-depressed person, you’re still trying to make a human being suffer. That’s your intent. And in Phoebe’s case, they were very successful in making her suffer. But maybe this case is different. Maybe these bullies would’ve backed off had they known Phoebe’s “demons.”
After all, that’s what nice kids do when they discover a person’s weaknesses.
School bullying can be devastating, but social scientists say it is no more extreme, nor more prevalent, than it was a half century ago…Today’s world of cyber bullying is different, yes -- far-reaching, more visually potent, and harder to wash away than comments scrawled on a bathroom wall. All of which can make it harder to combat. But it still happens a third less than traditional bullying…
Let me get this straight. Cyber bullying is far-reaching, more visually potent, and harder to wash away, but it’s no more extreme than traditional bullying?
Let me put it another way. Traditional bullying is not as far-reaching, less visually potent, and easier to wash away…making it easier to combat.
So your point was…?
Look, if the article’s own calculations say cyber bullying is one-third less common than traditional bullying, that means it’s as common two-thirds of the time. 66%! And if cyber bullying is so much more extreme (despite an attempt to say more does not equal more), then that’s a huge problem.
The reality may be that while the incidence of bullying has remained relatively the same, it’s our reaction to it that’s changed: the helicopter parents who want to protect their kids from every stick and stone…
If you don’t agree with the other side, ridicule them! (After all, that’s what nice people do.) Apparently, not only is the other side afraid of sticks and stones, they’re afraid of every stick and every stone. In my opinion, it’s the responsible parents who do try to protect their children from sticks and stones. But they also realize that some sticks and stones will get through. Then it’s their responsibility to help their children learn from, and cope with, those bruises.
Massachusetts’s anti-bullying statute defines bullying as repeated behavior that, among other things, “causes emotional harm” or “creates a hostile environment” at school. If it were applied to the real world, wouldn’t most of us be bullies?
No, Ms. Bennett. Most people do not repeatedly cause emotional harm or create hostile environments. The fact that you think it’s normal for people to be like that is interesting, though. Troubling, but interesting.
Good job, Newsweek.
32 comments:
That's what i hate about those kind of people and the media, they never get it straight. In my opinion, they are afraid to step into one's shoes, for example pheobe's, and find out the truth. but no, they prefer to see it in another view, a view in which they want it to make sense....blaming it on the medicine! Oh please! if there wasn't any bullying in the first place, then she wouldn't had commit suicide...
I'm sorry if i don't make sense what i wrote above, but when i read it, it just many don't understand if they're bullying anyone. i was bullied many times when i was young, and yes it hurts because it gets all in one's head. I wish we could do something to demonstrate that bullying are not nice people!
YES! Everything you said!!!!
Oh, you know, sometimes when I've had a rough week, I like to engage in repeated behavior that causes emotional harm to the people around me. I just blow off steam by creating a hostile environment. But I'm not a BULLY! Bullies are... you know... people who are mean to ME.
I think you nailed it--this is a case of a journalist wanting to be the maverick who takes the case from a different angle.
Great points, Jay! I get so frustrated when they point to Phoebe's past and say that she was on the road to depression and suicide before those kids came along. We don't know that. And does that excuse these kids from their horrific behavior? Great blog post.
Thank you, Jay. I'm glad you took the gloves off--she just does not get it. You are right on track--this is NOT what we do, not what anyone SHOULD do. Cyber-bullying means people get to do it with more anonymity--just as dangerous, with LESS accountability.
I think it's "natural" for young children to bully. All primates do it. So do dolphins. Certainly William Goldman made a case for the intrinsic nastiness of human children in "Lord of the Flies."
So young children bully. They also poop in their pants. It's up to adults to teach them not to. This Newsweek reporter seems to have missed that part.
THere is no "like" button on Blogger, so-- LIKE!! Excellent takedown, Jay.
Thank you for your thoughtful comments. I can't believe Newsweek even published this garbage. Except, maybe they wanted to make the parents of bullies feel better?
The "they're good kids" defense always astounds me. What we have in this article is a clear example of blind leading the blind. The author's point seems to be that we all hurt each others' feelings sometimes, so that makes it okay.
"As though," and I'm screaming this to Ms. Bennett here, "school is NOT the "real world!?!?!?!"
Of all the article flaws you mention--quite eloquently, Jay--I think the worst is the gross underestimation of the effects of cyber-bullying. If school bullying is water in a pool, cyber-bullying is the ocean.
I, too, was boiling mad when I read the piece in Newsweek. I've got a son in ninth grade and I've seen the results of cyberbullying. I'll be sending folks to your blog to read your eloquent response.
Thanks, Jay.
I am a high school student who lives in Massachusetts, close to where Phoebe lived. So this is affecting my school and me a lot. I think that kids my age don't completely get it. They read articles like this and think that Phoebe was just an exception, that normally people aren't "bullied" and kill themselves. Even if suicide isn't "common" does that make bullying any more acceptable? Maybe bullying has been around for a while but that doesn't make it alright to say "oh it's happened before so we shouldn't do anything about it now". What about slavery? What if we kept that mind set on that issue?
I'm glad to say that my school is taking steps to stop bullying, the new laws make it easy to. It's the law now.
Thank you for this post.
Children, regardless of age, need to be taught (and shown) HOW to be compassionate and caring. It doesn't come naturally for many human beings. Children need to be involved in constant and authentic "teachable moment" experiences in order for it to ever be internalized.
It is also quite powerful when children are able to experience how bullied children feel as a result of bullying (the REAL fallout)...through authentic discussion, authentic dialogue, authentic role playing. You know, walk a mile in someone else's shoes...
Anti-bullying was my #1 focus when I was in the classroom -- even more than the curriculm. I even started a summer day camp called Camp Kindness and I taught the kids HOW to be kind and compassionate. My teaching and my camp are no longer, but my current WIP deals with bullying and the hideous fallout.
Kudos to you, Jay for shining the light yet again on this topic..
Some very successful ("nice")people, unfortunately, are bullies. They feel they have a right to align people behind them to oppose people who are not behind them. They also feel they have a right to use anybody they can. Their children are, sometimes, also, bullies. Is this surprising? Is it surprising that school superintendents and local authorities find excuses for these "nice" people???
This is an excellent post, Jay, and I could not agree with you more. From my years as a middle school teacher, which I realize has not been many, the one thing I have noticed more than anything else is the cyberbullying problem. Too often, schools will not intervene because they feel it is an "outside" problem. Unfortunately, these issues carry into our classrooms and make school a very uncomfortable place for many kids. We have become terrified to hold kids accountable for their actions. We slap them on the wrist, if we even do that, and they just venture out to find more "creative" ways to exploit others. They feel they have the right to "post whatever they want" online and defend it with the "freedom of speech" card. Sadly, they have not been taught the difference. It has to stop. Hollow threats do nothing to resolve this critical issue. It's time we made the bully feel uncomfortable.
"...defines bullying as repeated behavior that, among other things, 'causes emotional harm' or 'creates a hostile environment' at school. If it were applied to the real world, wouldn’t most of us be bullies?"
Wow, that statement is both telling and frightening. Uh, no. I don't think most people go around causing emotional harm and hostility.
Jay, thank you for using your voice to bring attention to this important matter and for challenging Ms. Bennett's and Mr. Sayer's remarks. My heart goes out to Phoebe’s family and to all of the families who have lost a child due to the insensitive cruel acts of bullying. I have witnessed such tragedies and feel the pain.
We all have frailties, weak spots, and demons that make us vulnerable. For some, holding it all together is truly a delicate balance. While bullying a person who is already struggling is truly tragic, bullying anyone is wrong and inhumane. Bad behavior is bad behavior. The students Mr. Sayer called “regular kids” are really “kids with bad behaviors.” Instead of excusing them, Mr. Sayer and the other adults involved have the responsibility to hold their children accountable and to teach them well. As a result, perhaps some other lives will be saved.
Excellent post. In writing it, you've accomplished that rare instance of providing a critical analysis/review of a journalist's work without losing your humanity, your passion about the topic, or your ability to empathize. This is an academically sound blog post that still maintains a sense of justice... and I feel honored to have read it. Thank you for writing this, and for sharing it with all of us. Your eloquence in expressing your outrage at the original piece will give many of us the words we need to help fight this battle. Now, if only Newsweek will publish your post in response!
It angers me to see nothing done about bullying because in my experience something CAN be done.
The following is my only encounter with bullying. And this was BEFORE Columbine.
My daughter is now 27 and a 5th grade teacher. When she was in 8th grade, she was a shy, sweet, studious, nerdy type of girl who wouldn’t have said a bad thing about anyone. And she was the perfect target for a bully. She came home one day and told me a girl was bullying her. Caller her names loudly in front of the other students in the locker room in gym. “Accidently” sticking her foot out to trip Claire when she walked by. Slamming Claire’s locker on her hand, etc. My daughter was baffled. She’d done nothing to this girl.
I told her to try ignoring the girl. If Claire didn’t react, maybe the girl would get tired of it. The behaviour only escalated. Then I told her to try confronting the girl with a “What is your freakin’ problem?” thinking the girl might back down if Claire showed some backbone. No effect.
I told Claire that now it was time to speak to the vice-principal. I told her that this is how I would have handled this situation in the workplace, i.e., ignoring, confronting, then finally get the boss involved as the last resort. She didn’t want me to, but I called the school. I was told to be show up to see the vice-principal with my daughter the next morning at 7:30.
WOW. I was amazed by his reaction. He was furious that Claire hadn’t let him know sooner. He had Claire write out an accounting of the behavior. He told her that this would be fixed TODAY.
And it was.
The girl was called in to the office the moment school started. In front of me, she was told the last and only time she would be allowed to speak to Claire would be to apologize. She was never to speak to Claire again, no facial expressions, no accidental physical contact, nothing. Most importantly, If he heard that ONE WORD had been uttered by this girl to her friends about Claire, in or outside of school, she’d be out of this school forever. Zero tolerance. He was PISSED!
And that was the end of it. Claire said the girl seemed terrified to even look at her. Two years later Claire, now a high school sophomore, came home one day amused because the girl had approached her and said, “Can I speak to you now?” and apologized again for her behaviour in middle school. Claire graciously said, “Of course!”
The botton line is something can be done about bullying and the bully needs the lesson just as much as the victim needs to know there is help. Kids need to know they can talk to their parents and school officials need to have a policy that’s enforced. I know not all situations are as simple, but I thought I’d share a positive result
There are no words to describe how true your words ring. You're a great man! ♥
When I entered college, all members of the Freshman class were subject to having upperclassmen embarrass, tease, or hassle them publicly and on a regular basis. It wasn't ugly or hurtful (most of the time), but I didn't like it and didn't see why it was being done. Someone told me: "Just think, when you're an upperclassman, you'll get to do that to the Freshmen." I couldn't think of a single reason why I would want to. I had absolutely no desire to ridicule, tease, or humiliate anyone. But nobody I talked to seemed to share my view. I know this isn't anywhere in the neighborhood of the kind of thing that leads someone to commit suicide -- but my point is that a whole lot of people think it's "fun" to torment other people at various levels without any regard for how hurtful that might be to that other person. I have always felt like an oddity because I don't find that sort of behavior entertaining or satisfying in any way.
Some people can only see the way they are.
I stopped caring what people said when I was 13. Buit that doesn't mean there weren't others who did.
No matter whether I feel that they should have or not, I have to acknowledge that differnt people react differently.
"Massachusetts’s anti-bullying statute defines bullying as repeated behavior that, among other things, 'causes emotional harm' or 'creates a hostile environment' at school. If it were applied to the real world, wouldn’t most of us be bullies?"
Wow! That's horrifying that Bennett thinks that most people behave in such ways! I am grateful to be surrounded by good-hearted people. Thank you so much for your post.
I think that superintendent was the principal of my high school. Those kids were so wonderful. They helped the school get write-ups in the local sports section. And the one who wasn't the athletic superstar, his dad was a prominent Mormon dentist.
Of course, Hitler was a nice kid too. He was going to go to art school .....
Comprehensive piece; great job.
Well said!
As much as I want to agree with everyone's posts, I think it's important to mention that we don't know the author of the article or her demons. I'm not defending her opinion, but let's not set ourselves up to be criticized as hypocrites. What one person deems "bullying" may be completely different than another's view. The author of the article could misconstrue these posts as "bullying", although we don't. No offense to anyone here as I feel some very valid points are made by Jay and responders; but let's remember what's really at the heart of the matter.
When someone gets an article published in Newsweek, they're being given a pretty big soapbox. And if you feel their words can be harmful by making people think the bullying issue is being blown out of proportion, I believe it's irresponsible not to speak up.
Unfortunately, the topic is bullying, and it can appear hypocritical to publicly criticize
the writer of an article about bullying. It's a weird line to walk! Yes, I would feel bad if my words made Ms. Bennett feel bad. But she didn't tell me her ideas privately, she published her ideas in Newsweek because she wanted a whole lot of people to hear what she had to say. So I would feel even worse had I said nothing in response (from my much smaller soapbox).
If pointing out the ridiculous and disgusting parts of her article makes me hypocritical, then there I am.
There's no doubt that Ms. Bennett's rebuttal to such a delicate issue is distasteful and disrespectful; and I applaud you for soapboxing and taking a stance. I see your point that it would’ve been “irresponsible” not to speak up. I felt the same way with my post.
The truth is, I don't think there's a person in the world who goes untouched by a “bully”. (Whether they give or receive.) I was called “dog” and barked at in elementary school because some boys thought I was ugly and I’ll never forget that. But I was the only one who, ultimately, could decide how that time would affect my life. My choices stem from how I was raised.
My parents taught me the "golden rule", with the phrase "as long as it's in their best interest" added at the end.
I just read an article about a first grade girl who's being bullied for liking Star Wars.
Anti-Bullying Starts in First Grade, Chicago Now
Poor little girl. The thing is that ten years later, those same boys will kill for a girl who likes Star Wars.Research:Wikipedia clickstream
You can access the monthly public data releases that share how often two Wikipedia article pages are viewed consecutively at Analytics ClickStream Dataset. — Check it out!
AboutEdit
The Wikipedia Clickstream dataset contains counts of
(referrer, resource) pairs extracted from the request logs of Wikipedia. A referrerEdit
The canonical citation and most up-to-date version of this dataset can be found at:
Ellery Wulczyn, Dario Taraborelli (2015). Wikipedia Clickstream. figshare. doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.1305770
Data PreparationEdit
For each release, and for several Wikipedia language versions, we take one month worth of requests for articles in the main namespace. Referrers are mapped to a fixed set of values, based on this scheme:
- an article in the main namespace -> the article title
- a page from any other Wikimedia project -> other-internal
- an external search engine -> other-search
- any other external site -> other-external
- an empty referrer -> other-empty
- anything else -> other-other
Requests for pages that get redirected were mapped to the page they redirect to. We attempt to exclude spider traffic by classifying user agents with the ua-parser library and a few additional Wikipedia specific filters. Finally, any `(referrer, resource)` pair with 10 or fewer observations was removed from the dataset. To give you a sense of the scale of the data, the March 2016 release for English Wikipedia contained 25 million `(referrer, resource)` pairs from a total of 6.8 billion requests
A note on empty referrers..
FormatEdit
The current data includes the following 4 fields:
- prev: the result of mapping the referrer URL to the fixed set of values described above
- curr: the title of the article the client requested
- type: describes (prev, curr)
- link: if the referrer and request are both articles and the referrer links to the request
- external: if the referrer host is not en(.m)?.wikipedia.org
- other: if the referrer and request are both articles but the referrer does not link to the request. This can happen when clients search or spoof their refer.
- n: the number of occurrences of the (referrer, resource) pair
ReleasesEdit referrers were mapped to a more granular set of fixed values
February 2016
- external referrers referrers were mapped to a more granular set of fixed values
January 2015
- data also included page ids for prev and curr
- only requests to the desktop version were used
- redirects were not resolved
- external referrers were mapped to a more granular set of fixed values
ApplicationsEdit:
External linksEdit
- Wikipedia Clickstream, figshare
- WikiNav - tool for exploring this dataOur annual Solar PV Inverter Buyer’s Guide is a chance to check in with all of the inverter manufacturers – from the market leaders to the up-and-comers – to get a sense of how their technology has evolved and what new products are now available for installation. This year we have a snapshot of one product from each segment these companies serve, from residential to utility-scale. We start with this year’s featured brand, SMA, and then continue alphabetically.
SMA
What’s new? In 2021 we see our role in the utility storage market primed for significant growth. SMA America has sold a cumulative 1 gigawatt of Sunny Central Storage inverters in North America. As a result of this tremendous growth, SMA is doubling sales and applications engineering support for the large-scale storage category. Going forward, this will increase the capacity for business, improve customer support, and pave the way for future storage milestones, as the company participates in dozens of projects globally. Within our portfolio are a wide variety of AC and DC coupled solutions with 1,000 and 1,500 Vdc options for storage. This includes solutions for grid services and renewable integration. In utility-scale SMA offers both a centralized Medium Voltage Power Station and the modular Sunny Highpower PEAK3. The options offered with these two solutions give developers and integrators flexibility. Both utility-scale solutions are storage-ready.
Residential: Sunny Boy w/ Shade Fix
Residential: The SMA Sunny Boy inverters come with integrated Shade Fix technology and SunSpec rapid shutdown certified transmitters. It also utilizes a SunSpec certified receiver at the module for shutdown. SMA inverters paired with SunSpec certified rapid shutdown technology are the simplest, most reliable way to achieve compliance with NEC 2017. The SunSpec solution, when paired with SMA’s ShadeFix optimization technology produces more energy and reduces system componentry by more than 50 percent compared to using traditional DC optimizers. ShadeFix optimization is a proprietary, integrated inverter capability that optimizes PV system energy production in every situation – even when shading occurs.
- More energy produced than traditional DC optimizers
- Fewer components and improved reliability
- Simple design and installation
- No unnecessary risk of fires or accidents
- Faster service thanks to SMA Smart Connected
Hybrid inverter: Sunny Boy Storage effective, versatile and innovative residential storage solution available. Whole home backup is also available with the SMA Automatic Backup Unit.
- AC coupled for new PV systems or retrofitting existing systems
- Multiple configuration options with the ability to expand
- High level of system integration provides unmatched monitoring and control
- Three separate DC inputs allow for maximum power and energy capacity
- Solutions for energy management, zero export, and demand charge avoidance
C&I inverter: Sunny Tripower CORE1
The Sunny Tripower CORE1 is the world’s first free-standing PV inverter for commercial rooftops, carports, ground mount and repowering legacy solar projects. From distribution to construction to operation, the Sunny Tripower CORE1 enables logistical, material, labor and service cost reductions, and is the most versatile, cost-effective commercial solution available..
- Innovative design requires no additional racking for rooftop installation
- Integrated DC and AC disconnects and overvoltage protection
- 12 direct string inputs for reduced labor and material costs
- Integrated SunSpec PLC signal for module-level rapid shutdown compliance to 2017 NEC
- Increased ROI with SMA ennexOS cross sector energy management platform
Utility-scale: Medium Voltage Power Station
The SMA Medium Voltage Power Station offers the highest power density in a plug & play design, which is suitable for global use. Integrators can rely on the most robust, technically advanced, and internationally certified hardware for power conversion in any climate. As one of the first truly global systems, it is the ideal choice for next generation PV power plants operating at 1500 VDC. The SMA Medium Voltage Power Station combines the highest plant safety with maximum energy production and minimized logistical and operating risk for large scale PV power plant projects.
- The MVPS is encased in a CSC compliant container (meeting international safety standards), which provides the lowest logistical and transportation costs.
- This is a great solution for large utility plants as it optimizes cost of energy
- With a greater power density and smaller footprint than competitors, large-scale projects with SMA require fewer inverters, reducing integration and balance-of-systems costs.
- Fully integrated solution including switchgear and transformer further reduce logistical costs as well as installation labor costs.
- Simple integration of turnkey AC and DC coupled storage solutions from SMA allows system owners the opportunity to capitalize on new revenue streams.
Utility-scale: Sunny Highpower PEAK 3
With Sunny Highpower PEAK 3, System owners can achieve superior economics in ground-mount projects with 480 VAC interconnections using 1,500 VDC modular inverter solutions. Opportunities abound for integrators to improve their bottom line with the Sunny Highpower PEAK3, the only 1,500 VDC inverter with the ability to connect to the grid at 480 VAC. For large ground mount projects, SMA’s PEAK3 delivers the most cost-effective solution and highest energy production.
- The PEAK3 125-US offers the lowest installed cost for ground-mount, distributed generation projects with a 480V AC interconnection.
- Other 1,500 V DC inverters would require a step-down transformer, while SMA’s PEAK3 solution does not. This reduces balance of systems costs as well as transportation, logistical and installation labor costs.
- Alternative solutions with 1,000 V DC technology would require more inverters and are not as economical due to their higher cost per watt.
- SMA’s centralized/modular system architecture reduces balance of system costs by centrally locating a group of inverters. Installers benefit from minimal AC collection and communications wiring as well as a shared inverter structure. This plant architecture also simplifies commissioning, communication, and control.
- The PEAK3 offers maximum energy production throughout system lifetime.
Sales contacts
APsystems
What’s new? APsystems has some exciting new products on the horizon, including a higher wattage dual module microinverter, the DS3, and a higher wattage 3-Phase microinverter, the QT2. Both are due to hit the market before the end of the year. Our APsmart brand has just released a dual-module rapid shutdown device, the RSD-D, which should be hitting the U.S. market within the next several weeks.
Residential: YC600 and QS1
The most prominent feature of APsystems’ YC600 and QS1 microinverters is they serve multiple PV modules which means they reduce installation time and cost and are also more cost efficient than conventional microinverters. They are intelligent, easy to install and can be used together on the same circuit. This last feature adds significant flexibility to design and installation.
• Units serve multiple PV modules (YC600, 2:1; QS1, 4:1)
• Continuous power of 300VA per channel, with independent MPPT of each channel
• Wider MPPT voltage range of 22-48V means higher energy harvest
• Inherently Rapid Shutdown compliant (NEC 690.12)
• CA Rule 21 certified
C&I inverter: YC1000
The APsystems YC1000 has evolved since it first hit the market. Now at 1130W with a single MPPT, it can be paired with 4 PV modules up to 350W+ or 3 high capacity PV modules up to 470W+. The “+” here means that higher W modules will not negatively affect the inverter, you would just experience increased clipping. This shared MPPT allow installers to use the 1130W as they choose, while still providing all the same YC1000 benefits: true, 3-Phase out of the box, 5-wire cable for plug and play, phase-balanced and phase-monitored. With its simple plug-and-play installation, and no need for phase balancing, additional equipment or an inverter closet, the YC1000 can turn residential installers into commercial installers overnight.
• True 3-Phase, 5 wire inverter
• 1,130W, single MPPT
• Serves 4 PV modules up to 350W+ or 4 PV modules up to 470W+
• Phase-balanced and phase-monitored.
• Inherently Rapid Shutdown compliant (NEC 690.12)
Sales contacts
- Distributors to purchase through: CED Greentech, Krannich, Soligent, Sonepar, Wesco, Fortune Energy, EDGES, iSolar Brokers, RENVU, Crescent Electric, ECO Distributing, Enertech, French Gerleman, GenPro, Ontility, Solar Wholesale, The Power Store, Van Meter, VP Supply, UMA Solar, and Wholesale Electric
- sales.usa@apsystems.com
- usa.apsystems.com
CPS
What’s new? CPS America has shipped over 4-GW of UL-listed string inverters in North America. 100kW-480V model includes all the great features of our 100/125kW 3-phase inverter platform and allows low-cost 480Vac interconnections by eliminating the need for a step-down transformer. CPS will also be releasing our new high power 275-kW string inverter designed for large utility-scale applications (more below).
Utility-scale: CPS 275kW
The 275kW high power CPS three phase string inverters are designed for large utility-scale ground mount applications. High efficiencies, wide operating voltages, broad temperature ranges and NEMA Type 4X enclosure enable this inverter platform to operate at high performance across many applications. The 275kW inverter includes touch safe DC fuse holders for added convenience and safety. CPS will accompany the 275kW inverter with an 800Vac Balance of System offering for optimized system designs.
- 12 MPPTs with 36 fused inputs for maximum flexibility
- Full power capacity up to 42oC
- Wide operating and MPPT voltage ranges
- Integrated DC disconnect switches
- Copper and Aluminum compatible AC connections
C&I inverter: CPS 25kW
The CPS 25kW-208V three phase string inverters are designed and optimized for rooftop and carport applications with 208Vac service voltages. The CPS 25kW product ships with the Rapid Shutdown wire-box, fully integrated and separable with touch safe fusing, monitoring, and AC and DC disconnect switches. The integrated PLC transmitter in the Rapid Shutdown wire-box enables PVRSS certified module-level rapid shutdown when used with the TIGO, APS, and NEP products. The CPS Flex Gateway enables monitoring, controls and remote product upgrades.
- 208V AC output
- 3 MPPTs with 2 inputs each for maximum flexibility
- Integrated RSD wire-box options with TIGO, APS, and NEP
- NEC 2017/2020 compliant and UL listed Arc-Fault protection
- Separable wire-box design for fast service
Sales contacts
- Distributors such as CED/Civic Solar
- americasales@chintpower.com
-
Darfon
What’s new? Darfon will be launching a new monitoring app for its hybrid inverters in Q2 of this year. While designing the app, our main focus was to make it easy-to-use, expand functionality, and be aesthetically pleasing. I believed we achieved that and am looking forward to the launch and reaction from homeowners and installers. The cool thing about our monitoring service is our hardware’s connectivity options. Our latest data logger used in conjunction with our hybrid inverters, can connect to the internet via a LAN, WiFi or 4G cellular connection.
Hybrid inverter: H5001
Darfon’s H5001 hybrid inverter can be used as a string inverter. Why is this useful? A hybrid inverter is more than double the cost of a string inverter. But if you look at the system cost, the inverter is only a small portion of that cost. The batteries are the most expensive component in hybrid system. In some cases, the additional cost of the batteries is what people cannot afford. So, it makes sense to install the H5001 as a string inverter and have a system that is energy storage ready. Then the batteries can be purchased and installed down the road. The thing that installers like about the H5001, is that it is straight forward to install and configure.
- PV Operation Voltage Range 120 to 500VDC
- Two MPPTs
- Output to Grid: 5000W, Output to Load: 5500W
- SGIP Compliant
- Compatible with various battery chemistries
Sales contacts
- Distributors to purchase through: Maximo Solar, RenVu, Solar Solutions for All, Volts Energies, World Technologies
- frank.oyoung@darfon.com
-
Enphase
What’s new? Enphase offers a comprehensive solar-plus-storage system that brings plug-and-play simplicity to installers and powerful energy management for homeowners. Backed by the high reliability of Enphase microinverters, Enphase Storage automatically detects and transitions from grid power to off-grid mode during a grid failure. With storm-detection features and full Internet of Things connectivity, Enphase Storage and Enphase Solar make up the most comprehensive, always-on, and intelligent renewable energy power plant for homeowners. Enphase Storage features Lithium Iron Phosphate (LFP) battery chemistry, which provides a long cycle life, safe operation through excellent thermal stability, and a UL9540A fire safety certification.
Residential: Enphase Microinverters
Enphase Microinverters offer the most advanced inverter technology on the market, which means higher production, greater reliability, and unmatched intelligence. Our microinverters operate independently, so each panel performs to its fullest. One shaded or dirty panel won’t affect the rest of the system. Enphase microinverters undergo the most rigorous product testing in the industry and are backed by a 25-year warranty. With Enphase, our streamlined components make for quicker and less costly installations and high-quality materials and remote problem-solving mean fewer truck rolls for installers.
- Built-in rapid-shutdown technology
- Enphase IQ 6 or IQ 7 microinverters or those based on M-Series microinverters can be retrofitted with Enphase Storage for energy resilience
- Per-module design flexibility
- Burst technology produces more at dawn, dusk, and in low-light conditions, for a longer solar day.
Sales contacts
FIMER
What’s new? Since 1983, FIMER continues to expand on its global inverter portfolio in 2021, with integrated solutions in all market segments from residential to large utility. Inverter sizes ranging from 3.3 kVA to 5.0 MVA. Most notable for 2021 is the upcoming release of a new commercial inverter with 10 – 33 kVA capacity for 1000 Vdc rooftop and carport applications, in addition to expanding the range of energy storage options with residential, C&I and utility scale systems.
Residential solar: UNO-DM-US
The UNO-DM-US inverter family continues to be a reliable industry standard, updated to today’s standards and advanced features. Fully compatible with industry leading rapid shutdown solutions, and designed for easy AC coupling with energy storage, including FIMER’s own Universal 10|4 energy storage product.
- UL1699B Ed. 1 DC arc fault certified
- Integrated rapid shutdown options
- 3.3 – 6.0 kVA capacity range
- FIMER Universal 10|4 storage packages (4 – 8.5 kW, 10 – 30 kWh)
- 4-Step wireless commissioning
C&I inverter: PVS-10/33-TL-US
The PVS-10/33-TL-US inverter family will be introduced in 2021 to compliment the currently available PVS-60 commercial 60 kVA 480 Vac inverter. With capacity ranges of 10 – 15 kVA (208 Vac), and 20 – 33 kVA (480 Vac), this inverter is designed to cover the full range of commercial 1000 Vdc applications, with accommodations for bifacial PV modules and increasing DC:AC ratios. The FIMER commercial inverters are fully compatible with industry leading rapid shutdown solutions, and may be AC coupled with energy storage.
- UL1699B Ed 1 DC arc fault certified
- Integrated rapid shutdown options
- 10 – 15 kVA (208/120 Vac)
- 20 – 33 kVA at (480/277 Vac)
- 4-Step wireless commissioning
Utility-scale: 1500 Vdc PVS-175-TL-US
The award winning 1500 Vdc PVS-175-TL-US inverter, updated to today’s standards and new features for 2021, provides an optimized solution for small- to mid-size utility scale applications. The integrated fuse-less DC combiner and DC AFCI reduces both upfront balance of system equipment costs and operational costs. With 12 independent MPPTs and 24 DC inputs, the PVS-175-TL-US is proven to be a choice for community solar and utility scale projects.
- UL1699B Ed 1 DC arc fault certified
- Max power output of 185 kVA
- 12 independent MPPTs/24 DC inputs
- Integrated fuse-less DC combiner
- 4-Step wireless commissioning
Sales contacts
Fronius
What’s new? Fronius just released three new apps that help to better commission, monitor, and service solar systems. These steps can be tedious without the proper tools and potentially slow down installer business operation. With the new Fronius App portfolio, however, business can improve their experience, from first setup to operations and maintenance. Solar.Start: Commission your internet connection easily. Solar.Web: Monitor your system. Solar.SOS: Create cases 24/7 without any wait time, contact technical support, and stay up to date on open issues.
Residential: Fronius Primo
With power categories ranging from 3.8 kW to 15.0 kW, the Fronius Primo is the ideal compact single-phase inverter for residential applications. This sleek inverter is equipped with the SnapINverter hinge mounting system, which allows for lightweight, secure, and convenient installation. The Fronius Primo offers design flexibility with strings as short as three modules, multiple MPP trackers, and shade mitigation with the Dynamic Peak Manager. Integrated Wi-Fi and SunSpec Modbus allow for seamless monitoring and communications.
- Integrated Wi-Fi
- Shade mitigation with Dynamic Peak Manager
- Wide voltage windows for flexible system design
- 2 MPP trackers
- Power classes of up to 15 kW
C&I inverter: Fronius Symo Advanced
The Fronius Symo Advanced is the ideal compact three-phase inverter for commercial and industrial applications. This inverter combines the benefits of a modern string inverter, such as the Dynamic Peak Manager for shade mitigation and an integrated Power Line Communications (PLC) transmitter for SunSpec Rapid Shutdown, with light weight, field serviceability, and zero-tilt mount. True field-serviceability reduces cost for operations & maintenance, delivering superior returns. Multiple 208V three-phase versions are perfect for agriculture, carports, or office buildings.
- Integrated SunSpec Rapid Shutdown transmitter
- Shade mitigation with Dynamic Peak Manager
- Wide voltage windows for flexible system design
- 2 MPP trackers
- Multiple 208V three-phase versions available
Sales contacts
- Distributors to purchase through: Krannich, The Powerstore, BayWa, Soligent
- Fronius website
Generac
What’s new? The PWRcell line of products was expanded with new capabilities, giving PWRcell the capability of providing intelligently managed whole-home backup power. The PWRcell Automatic Transfer Switch is able to island the system from the grid in the event of an outage and Smart Management Modules (SMMs) are able to manage loads so homeowner’s essentials never miss a beat. Generac’s SMMs and load management technology increases system performance and reliability. They do this by sequencing (or managing) the loads, preventing them from all turning on or running at once which might overwhelm the battery. By controlling some non-essential loads, the system ensures that the essentials never lose power, which can happen if loads are permitted to demand more than the system can serve. Generac Load Management ensures that the system owner maintains access to all their loads during an outage, even if they can’t all run at once.
Hybrid inverter: PWRcell
The PWRcell inverter was designed with the installer in mind. The PWRcell inverter DC couples to solar and storage devices via built-in combiner, which makes installing nearly any combination of solar and storage devices a plug and play operation. Because it is DC coupled, no other inverter is required to build a powerful backup power system for your client, especially when paired with Generac load management technology for whole home power.
- Single hybrid inverter for grid-tied solar and whole home power
- Easy to install, DC-coupled architecture
- Transformerless islanding, up to 9kW continuous throughput
- Seamless integration with Generac Load Management
- Backed by a 10-year limited warranty
Sales contacts
GoodWe
What’s new? As the market leader in storage inverters, we will continue offering consumers high-quality hybrid inverters throughout 2021, as well as high-voltage batteries and Smart Energy Management Applications. 2021 is the year we move from inverter manufacturer to solution provider in the solar storage segment.
Hybrid inverter: 5-9.6-kW, single-phase A-ES
The 5-9.6-kW, single-phase A-ES is the only hybrid inverter on the market with 4 MPPTs. With UPS-level switching, the inverter can switch to backup in less than 10 milliseconds in case of power outage. This ensures household appliances are not compromised.
- 4 MPPTs, 50% DC oversizing
- AFCI & Rapid Shutdown
- UPS-level switching
- Smart Meter integrated
- Optional AC bypass switch
Sales contacts
NEP
What’s new? 1. High power microinverters to reduce lost energy due to power clipping; microinverter power levels must keep up with higher PV panel power. For example the NEP BDM800 dual 2x400Wac micro will begin shipping in March 2021. Our BDM500, a 500Wac ‘Macro-inverter’ is shipping now to support the new 500Wdc PV panels launching in 2021. 2. NEP Rapid Shutdown products will enhance safety, ease commissioning, time-saving IV curve trace test and lower service costs while also meeting NEC 2017 RSD requirements.
Residential: NEP’s microinverter
NEP’s microinverter is simple, easier, fewer parts, fewer accessories, integrated AC cable, high power (less clipping) and 25% lower cost, short lead-times and USA inventory from a company that will answer the phone. NEP is a Benefit Corporation with engineering and executive leadership based in the USA.
- Minimum MPPT voltage of 22V vs. a typical minimum voltage of 27 V offers higher energy harvest during summer
- 800Wac in one device for two PV panels
- AC cable integrated for daisy chain connectivity
- Easy for installation
- NEP’s 1-minute per data point vs. 5-minute per data point significantly saves the installation time.
Sales contacts
- Distributors to purchase through: CED Nationwide (USA)
- RSD products sold via NEP, distributors and CPS America, Solectria/Yaskawa
- jlcowick@northernep.com
-
Schneider Electric
What’s new? Schneider Electric recently launched the MPPT 100 600 Vdc solar charge controller. With a constant focus on delivering high-quality products, the MPPT 100 is an ideal solution for residential grid-tied self-supply and off-grid systems. The new MPPT 100 offers much faster installations and is compatible with our XW and SW storage inverter solutions. Another exciting development to look forward to is the integration of the XW Pro inverter with Square D Energy Center, which is an industry-first, future-ready residential system that enables easy and safe connections for different types of power sources (solar, battery, generator). Schneider Electric’s Insight Energy Management platform is adding integrations with Google and Amazon voice assistants. With this update, homeowners will be able to take complete control of their home energy information by pairing their Insight devices with the Google Nest and Amazon Alexa.
Hybrid inverter: XW Pro
Schneider Electric’s hybrid inverter range, led by the XW Pro, provides installers with greater flexibility while designing and installing a solar and storage system. The XW Pro offers an attractive package with its high overload power rating of 1.75x and ability to integrate with lithium-ion batteries. The ability to stack the inverters to increase overall power output allows installers to setup larger systems. Schneider Electric’s solar hybrid inverters come with a complete ecosystem of accessories to enable quick, easy and efficient installation. They can be used for solar and storage, or backup power systems without solar.
- Reliable performance with a 6.8 kW output with up to 12 kW peak overload
- Flexibility in installations and operations with Stacking capability of up to 4 units in single-phase or 6 units in 3-phase
- Compatibility with a wide range of battery technologies, including Lithium-ion battery integration
- PV integration with DC coupling or AC coupling
- Compatible for use across a wide range of applications such as grid-tie, off-grid, self-consumption, backup power
Sales contacts
Sol-Ark
What’s new? To make installers job easier, Sol-Ark released its outdoor/indoor 12K hybrid all in one. Multiple partners introduced matching outdoor battery enclosures to complete the package. In Q2 2021, we are releasing our dynamic wind brake so DC rectified 3phase wind turbines can be directly connected to one MPPT with solar on a 2nd MPPT. In Q3, the 100A x 14 circuit Sol-Ark Smart Load will allow installers to backup an entire home with one $20K ESS instead of 2-3 at $40-60K. Unlike other load management solutions that cover 30A or 50A and switch in 20-1000ms, Smart Load shaves 100A loads in 4ms. This immediate response time makes sure the inverter is performing to its max power without overload. What makes this load mgmt so Smart? Built in AI automatically learns your loads and can program itself, so the installer doesn’t have to. And because Sol-Ark’s mission is reducing ESS cost, you can use the Smart Load with any inverter (not just ours).
Hybrid inverter: Sol-Ark 12K
Sol-Ark’s stackable 12K inverter does both split phase and true 3 phase. The company has partnered with many battery companies like SimpliPhi, Fortress, Blue Ion, Storz Power, PowerSync, and Discover to advance inverter and battery control through extensive communications. Most of the time the inverter controls the battery. Now the battery can communicate to control the Sol-Ark inverter to extend the capabilities or life of the battery. Sol-Ark is also working on behind-the-meter Virtual Power Plants for utilities while also providing backup for customers.
- 20 kW pk power
- 4ms UPS Transfer times,
- 9.6-kW AC and 13-kW DC Coupling,
- Generator support,
- 93% Round Trip Efficiency
Sales contacts
- Distributors to purchase through: CED Greentech, Soligent, City Electric Supply, AEE, Krannich, Beacon, The PowerStore, GenPro energy solutions, Zonna Energy, Inter-Island, R&R, BayWa, AltE store, Northern Arizona Wind & Sun, Renvu, Multi Batteries, Warren, HES, Sentinel, Solar Solutions, & more
- sales@sol-ark.com
-
Sungrow
What’s new? At the beginning of 2021, we introduced a new series of rooftop string inverters with NEC rapid shutdown requirement compliance as well as a 3.6 MW turnkey central inverter MV station. We will be expanding the product lines including storage and will announce the new generation at SPI.
C&I inverter: SG36CX-US
Utility-scale: SG3600UD-MV
The Utility-scale turnkey product is the SG3600UD-MV.
- All in one, MV system, Block communication and AUX. power supply
- Reduces transportation cost, standard 20-foot sea-shipping container
- Plug & Play, Reduced installation cost and commissioning time
- 3-level Inverter technology, Inverter peak efficiency 98.9%, CEC eff. 98.5%
- Complies with UL 1741-SA and IEEE Std 1547TM -2018
- Complies with latest NERC & FERC grid support requirements
- Reserved space for 3RD party equipment, communication and tracker controller enclosures
Sales contacts
- Distributors to purchase through: CED, WESCO, AMICUS Members
- nick.valcho@sungrowamericas.com
- en.sungrowpower.com
— Solar Builder magazine
[source:]A perfect foundation is needed if you’re willing to learn the higher and much more advanced form of Yoga. In that way, the 100 and the 200 hours YTTC Goa programs introduce you to the basics which helps to lay the foundation. The 200 Hour multi-style Ashtanga/ Hatha Vinyasa flow based yoga teacher training in Goa will help in building an elegant structure upon it.
The 200 hour yoga teacher training in Goa program is designed in such a way that it lets you understand the details and gives you the exposer to be a profound Yoga teacher. At the Mahamukti Yoga in Goa, we have a lot of students opting for the 200 hour yoga teacher training program once they are done with the basics which gives them a better understanding of the process.
So what are the main things that are covered under the 200 hour yoga teacher training in Goa program?
- Mantra Chanting
- Mudra (Yoga Gestures)
- Shatkarma (Yoga cleansing)
- Therapeutic Yoga
- Pranayama (Breathing Control)
- Yoga Anatomy & Physiology
- Bandhas (Energy locks)
- Yoga Philosophy
- Dhayan (Meditation)
- Teaching Methodology
- Relaxation (Yoga Nidra)
These are some of the important forms that are covered in the 200 Hour Yoga TTC in Goa India 2022 program.
This Course includes the higher forms of asanas, pranayama, yoga philosophy, yoga anatomy physiology, yoga therapy and other subjects which will help you to attain knowledge about the core structure. As you go deeper in the study, you will discover that the asanas are physically challenging but with the help of our well-trained Yoga teachers, you will gradually master the art.
Students who opt for the 200 hour yoga training in vinyasa yoga teacher training goa program should have some basic knowledge about Yoga and they should be implementing it in their day-to-day life. Dedication along with willingness is required to master these forms of asanas but once you master it, you’ll experience the change and discover a spiritual side of yours. This 30-day program will surely ease your senses and relax your body like never before.
Apart from Yoga, Goa itself is a destination that attracts a lot of travelers from around the world. Its scenic beaches are world famous and the vibes that you get here are surely to look forward to. At Mahamukti Yoga in Goa, we have a highly trained group of Yoga Teachers, who through their years of experience have come forward to help our fellow students in whatever way possible.
The feedback from our students at the Mahamukti Yoga has always been positive. They are of an opinion that, the 200 hour teacher training program has been a complete life changing experience for most of them and they now wish to pass on to the students they interact with.
After completing the program you will entitle to be a professional Yoga teacher and you will be able to teach the beginner, intermediate and advanced level students. We want our students to grasp maximum knowledge from their time at the Mahamukti Yoga instructor in Goa for their personal growth.
Join us in Goa for the 200 hour yoga teacher training online in Goa program so that we can be at your service.Peace and goodwill on Christmas Day
This editorial first ran on Christmas Day in 2007. It has been updated here, but only a little. The Christmas themes of peace and goodwill that emerged from the manger in a distant land long ago remain relevant in 1914 and 2007 and 2019.
+++
A few years ago, nine men traveled to Flanders to visit the site where the Christmas Truce of 1914 began.
That year on Christmas Eve – three years before America’s involvement in World War I – shooting stopped on Belgian battlefields. And elsewhere, it was all quiet on the western front.
Christmas trees appeared above trenches. Carols floated across no-man’s land between enemy trenches, followed by the tentative steps of warring men, who laid down their arms and shared food, smokes and conversation.
Eighty-five years after this moment, those nine visitors dug trenches in the Flanders mud and lived for several days, akin to soldiers in the World War I, the Great War.
And before departing, they stabbed a wooden cross deep in the mud in honor of those who died there. They scooped the dirt back into the trenches.
They went home.
World badly needs a truce
Penn State professor emeritus Stanley Weintraub told this wonderful story of the Christmas Truce of 1914 in his book “Silent Night.”
It spotlighted a time and place far different from this season of anxious people jostling in long lines for a slim chance for the hot toy, which will be discarded soon after Christmas Day.
The story highlights a true Christmas moment with themes of authentic peace and goodwill. This moment focuses, as Christians believe, on the celebration of the birth of Jesus, when God became to earth to save mankind.
More:York County's new commissioners must be leaders rather than managers
More:Book celebrates York County's historic legal luminaries
Peace and goodwill are much-diluted themes these days.
This Christmas-inspired pause in the Great War raises the hope that such a truce today can be more lasting in this uneasy and divided world and in our often-unsettled hearts.
War pitted brother v. brother
In 1914, the impromptu cease-fire lasted just hours.
Threats of courts martial and firing squads, edicts from governments and orders from generals shattered that moment.
Soccer games broke up, the last box of special rations was swapped and the men reluctantly left the friendly no man’s land to re-enter their filthy trenches.
Subsequent trench warfare killed hundreds of thousands, and that was before Americans entered the war in 1917.
Once in, America suffered devastating numbers of casualties.
Just in York County, about 200 men lost their lives in less than two years.
A single shell killed Harry and John Withers, two sons of a York County family.
Sixteen-year-old Pvt. William A. Myers was killed in front-line fighting. One woman, Jeannette Zinn, died from pneumonia in Britain on her way to do YMCA war relief work in France.
Brother fought against brother as Pennsylvania-Dutch-speaking York countians battled German relatives in distant trenches.
Crude cross securely anchored
After returning home, those nine visitors learned that local folks in that Flanders field covered their cross of crude wood with a preservative and anchored it in concrete.
“In season,” Stanley Weintraub wrote in “Silent Night,” “poppies flower beneath it.”
The Great War is remembered in military monuments throughout Europe.
The only memorial to the Christmas Truce of 1914 is that lone cross – its meaning as oft forgotten as a wooden manger in that faraway stable.
Christmas brings hope, as suggested by the Scots poet whose work closed “Silent Night”:
“O ye who read this truthful rime
From Flanders, kneel and say:
God speed the time when every day
Shall be as Christmas Day.”.Borneo – click any image for full size
Borneo is a homestead region designed by Neva Crystall (NevaCrystall) on behalf of region holder Gac Akina, and which has just opened. Being a fan of Neva’s work, I was keen to hop over and take a look after hearing about it via Shakespeare and Max after they spent time there at the weekend.
“Neva is magical!” Gac told me as we chatted about the region. “It was supposed to be friends only location; we all needed a place to chill and hang together, but then I just couldn’t lock this up for only a few. I’m very happy we are getting visitors and can’t wait to start seeing some pictures pop up 🙂 .”
The setting has the look and feel far removed from the one you might imagine from the region’s name. Instead of a tropical jungle-like environment, Borneo presents a location strongly suggestive of a northern temperate area, perhaps in the Pacific north-west of North America, or maybe coastal Sweden. It’s somewhat industrial in tone, and set beneath a hazy, cold-looking sky suggestive of the onset of winter. The region is split into two islands, the larger of which forms a curve running from the north down to the east, while the smaller sits towards the south-west, as if protected by the larger’s curve.
Both are rugged in nature, rising from the surrounding waters on rocky shoulders. The landing point sits to the north side of the larger island, on hard-packed earth. An old warehouse sits to one side of the landing point, with a smaller barn-like storage area on the other. Both clearly haven’t been used for their intended use for some time; the smaller is overgrown and full of ageing bric-a-brac, the larger looks like it has in part been turned into a makeshift den, although one room has long since been claimed by nature.
The flattened ground running between these two structures suggest an old road, or perhaps the remnants of a railway spur, arcing as it does along the spine of the island. Follow it around to the east and south of the island, and it will bring you by way of a gabled gate to a house on the southern headland – but do note this is not open to the public, so don’t be surprised by the ban lines crossing the path before it.
Take the track around to the west, however, and no such barriers block the way. Instead, the path will lead you by way of an old wooden bridge spanning the narrow channel between the two islands, to a third warehouse, this one converted into a bar, the Borneo Pub. “I can’t wait to open the pub,” Gac told me. “We’re waiting on the logo. We’ll have music and parties there. Nothing really scheduled, just for fun and for people to enjoy. I’m hoping we’ll start in the next week or two.” The bar sits within its own parcel, complete with a dedicated in-world group for those wishing to be kept informed of events there.
Sitting within the curve of the main island is a small, stark bay. This can be reached by a mix of wooden steps and board walks leading down from a another gabled gate, this one close to the landing point. It’s not the cosiest of spots in terms of looks when compared to the usual (and oft-expected) beach, but it does have a certain character and warmth – there is a little snug along one of the board walks, while down by the foot of the steps is a little ramshackle trailer serving hot drinks which the local cat clearly recommends!
Balancing the route down to the bay, and on the north side of the island, is a path that snakes its way down to an old quay. An old fishing boat is drawn up alongside, sitting close to its wrecked twin. Both vessels in the shadow of a brick-built lighthouse that raises a slender finger to the sky, tall enough to look down on the landing point and its buildings.
There is a wonderful feeling of wild desolation about Borneo. cold it may look, but it is rich in character and marvellously presented to both explorer and photographer alike. The attention to detail is superb, the detritus of work and life, giving a real sense that this is a place long-established and with its own history, all of which makes for a rewarding visit.
One thought on “A trip to Borneo in Second Life”I love this tree at the park. It's difficult to photograph but it's been filled with robins when we go to the park. I honestly have never seen so many robins in one place--nearly a dozen hang out in this tree eating the berries. I wish I knew what the tree name was....
Speaking of the garden, it's been warm for a couple of days! I'm doing the usual gardening work for fall. I hate to prune the peegee hydrange tree but it blooms so much better when it gets a fall haircut. Isn't it delightful?
Cosmos are still blooming:
We haven't had many trees turn yet (very unusual for here) but we are enjoying what we can. Hope you have a wonderful November 1!
9 comments:
Your scenery is beautiful and I love your new statue!
We periodically have flocks of robins that hang around like that, too - they definitely love the trees with berries or seeds still on them. I love your new garden statue! She is wonderful!
Adore that statue! Would be perfect for me too! I have only seen one robin recently though I know some do hang around during the winter. Beautiful shots.
Hi Michele! I used to have peegee hydrangea tree at my last house. The framed the front door (on stick I think they were called), and they were SO pretty. They do like a Fall haircut! And your Cosmos look gorgeous. I've never had luck with them . . . maybe it's time to try again. Your birthday statue is just perfect after the picture of the Robins in the tree!! They are probably thrilled with the berries and full tummies. Happy Thursday to you! ~smile~ Roseanne
I think that first tree might be a Hawthorn, the neighbors have a similar tree, often also covered in robins. Your birthday statue is great. Such pretty fall images in your post!
We do not get many robins here at all...Geese, crows and seagulls, mostly. The statue is very sweet and will fit perfect in a flower garden.
I have that tree it is called a Prairie Fire I love the color of the leaves and the red berries. Great statue for the garden. I know isn't this a strange Autumn, the trees are finally starting to turn, but many barely turn and the leaves just hit the ground.
Our trees are really late here, too. Love that statue!
Hello! I just want to give an enormous thumbs up for the nice information you have here on this post. I can be coming again to your blog for more soon. betfair online casinoThe City of Chicago v. The Illinois Workers' Compensation Commission, 2001 Ill. App. LEXIS 327, 947 N.E.2d 863 (1st Dist. 2011)
By: Sean M. Abernathy - Associate - Nyhan, Bambrick, Kinzie & Lowry
Updated: June 28, 2011
The Petitioner, a laborer in the sewer department, was diagnosed with acute sciatica and a herniated disk at L4-L5 after pushing a wheelbarrow full of bricks. It was not disputed that the accident arose out of and in the course of Petitioner’s employment. Petitioner underwent a microdiscectomy at L4-L5 and a subsequent microdiscectomy at L3-L4. He was then released to medium duty and full duty work following a course of work hardening. After returning to work, a trench Petitioner was working in partially collapsed on him. Petitioner did not immediately seek medical care, but sought attention for pain in his lower back 23 days later. Petitioner received a course of epidural steroid injections and eventually returned to medium duty work following some 11 months of treatment.
At trial, the Arbitrator granted permanency awards under both 8(d)(1) and 8(d)(2) for Petitioner’s injuries, citing Consolidated Freightways v. Industrial Commission, 604 N.E.2d 962 (1992) for support. The Arbitrator noted that Petitioner’s injuries were different in nature because Petitioner had been able to return to work after the first injury, but was precluded from returning to work following the second.
On appeal, the Commission affirmed and adopted the Arbitrator’s decision. The Cook County circuit court confirmed the Commission decision. The City of Chicago then appealed to the Appellate Court. At issue was whether the Commission erred in awarding PPD benefits under both 8(d)(1) and 8(d)(2) for the same condition of ill being. Also argued was whether the Commission erred in awarding medical expenses based on the proofs presented and whether the Commission erred in awarding Petitioner penalties and attorney fees for unreasonable delay in payment of benefits.
As to whether the Commission erred in awarding PPD benefits under 8(d)(1) and 8(d)(2), the court found that Petitioner was not entitled to an award under both sections for the same condition of ill being. The court held: permanency attributable to each accident, it is proper for the Commission to consider all the evidence presented to determine the nature and extent of the claimant’s permanent disability as of the date of the hearing.
The court found that Petitioner presented evidence of one condition of ill being, which could only be compensated either as a percentage of the person as a whole or as a wage differential. Thus, the court vacated the award under 8(d)(2). The court also affirmed the award of penalties and attorney fees, and reversed the award of medical expenses. The issue of medical expenses was remanded to the Commission for further proceedings.Word to the Wise
Wednesday, May 2, 2012 - 4th Week of Easter - Wed[Acts 12:24-13:5a and John 12:44-50]
I came into the world as light, so that everyone who believes in me might not remain in darkness....
Today's passage from the Gospel of John brings to a close what scripture scholars call the "Book of Signs." Again it would be helpful to read a bigger portion by starting at verse 36. There the narrator tells us that Jesus brought his ministry to an end and went into hiding. The narrator gives a very sad reflection on the failure of Jewish authorities to accept Jesus, and on the failure of those who rejected Jesus out of fear. He sees it as a sad fulfillment of the prophecy of Isaiah. Then (in today's passage) the voice of Jesus' appears again, almost as an echo or a cry from off stage (remember the dramatic quality of the gospel), Jesus provides a further summary. This summary should send us back to the "Prologue" where we are warned from the very beginning of the story that people would choose darkness instead of light.
What captures my attention is the point about partial belief which is stymied by fear. I encountered this from time to time in my university pastoral ministry. Students or faculty members might be attracted to belief but fears of all kinds act like a weight or counter force to that attraction. I do remember one student, however, who came to me for instruction and when, towards the end, I asked him why he had decided to come to the church, he answered, "I'm reaching for the light." Some of the fears include a kind of "loss of control" which a person may feel in giving their allegiance to Christ! Another fear is what one's friends and colleagues may think, with a possible loss of their friendship. The Gospel of John speaks of this as a preference for human glory over God's glory.
By starting at verse 36, and then going back to the Prologue to the gospel, we attain a "big picture" of Jesus' ministry in the Gospel of John, before we plunge into the "Book of Glory" with a very different challenge to our faith. AMEN
Comment on Reflection
<< Previous Date [Back to List] Next Date >>Tirana, 10 February 2016/Independent Balkan News Agency
“Paying Taxes 2016” report published by the World Bank ranks Albania among the countries with the highest tax burden. Tax burden for 2015 was 36,5% thus marking an increase of 5,1% as opposed to a year ago. Out of these, 14,1% are taxes, 19,8% are tax on labor, while 3,6 consist of other charges.
According to the report, businesses in Albania spend around 357 hours a year to pay taxes. Out of them, 119 hours are spent for tax on incomes, 94 hours for labor taxes and 144 hours for VAT.
The increase of tax burden in Albania may have come as a result of the increase of the tax on profit from 10 to 15%.
From the countries of the region, FYR Macedonia has the lowest level of taxation with 12,9%, while Serbia has the highest one with 40%.
Kosovo ranks among the top 4 economies of the world which has facilitated the procedures for the collection of VAT, along with Serbia, Mexico and Brunei.
Meanwhile, Bahamas, Greece, Malaysia, Russia and Spain reduced tax on profit and tax on labor. Many economies tried to expand the taxpayers base and reduce the tax burden by fighting tax evasion and informal sector.
The World Bank report has taken into account 189 economies and is published for the tenth year in a row, thus becoming a source of consultancy and evaluation for the governments of the world. /ibna/How and where to get investment in a startup – experts say
There are 2 obvious ways to raise money: loans and investors. Compared to the investor’s share, the loan is cheaper: the interest is small, and you will close the debt after some time – and you will always pay the investor. On the other hand, you are not obligated to return the investment to him – he only receives a percentage of the profit.
Where to look for an investor?
Your relatives and close friends
This option cannot be ruled out. And they need to sell the project to them in the same way as an ordinary investor: total preparation, presentation, conclusion of an agreement. Don’t expect them to invest their money just because they know you well.
Your notebook
Anyone has hundreds of contacts on their phone. Among them there are both potential investors and those who can introduce you to them. Don’t forget about old customers and suppliers as well.
Friends on social networks
There are hundreds or thousands of contacts here. You don’t need to ask them for money. Call and write using a special technique – “Consult”. Example:
Hi Aleksey!
I would like to consult. I am now opening a franchise business and looking for an investor. The risks are minimal, everything is already very well developed and ready to launch. You can earn from 30% per annum.
Maybe you have friends who will be interested in it?
Top managers and company owners
There are many top managers in Russia, and many of them earn more than 300-500 thousand a month, or even more than a million. Many of them seek to create a safety cushion for themselves, so they are looking for niches for passive income.
Also, many small and medium business owners are looking for new directions, are bored in their niche and want something new.
Look for them on social networks: Instagram, Facebook, classmates, VKontakte. Put together a short, good pitch and write to anyone you find with an offer to meet or call. The letter should be short and succinct. Example:
Good afternoon, Alexander.
I found your profile in the Alfa-Bank group. My name is Sergey Degtyarev, I am from Moscow. Now I am starting an IT business in Novosibirsk. This is a business that has been successfully operating in 90 cities of Russia and the CIS, but it is not yet in our city.
I am looking for an investor to develop this project. Profitability for the investor – from 50% per annum. This is a really worthwhile project to look out for. Give me 10 minutes on the phone and I’ll tell you more.
You can also come to the office, for example, under the guise of a client and find out where the manager’s office is. Include imagination. Meet and communicate with tops and entrepreneurs as much as possible using the “Consult” technique and sooner or later you will be introduced to the right person.
Investors
People who are purposefully looking for businesses to invest money also exist on social networks, in addition, they can be found attending investment events, investment clubs, business angel communities, and small investment funds.
You can even place ads on Avito and similar services. Among our partners there are those who found investors there.
Crowdfunding and investment platforms
On such platforms as Boomstarter, Planeta, Kickstarter, ordinary people throw off small amounts of money on interesting projects. They are not investors: instead of a share in the business, they receive free goods or services from you.
On investment platforms such as StartTrack, people unite to become real investors in the project. If you do a strong pitch, then there is a chance to get launch funds this way.
How to attract investors?
Experienced investors first choose people to invest in. They look at the project only secondarily. Hence the basic rules when looking for an investor:
Appearance
You can only make a first impression once, so dress appropriately. In a suit and tie, you can go to an investment fund or a company with a business dress code, but for a meeting in a more informal setting, there is no point in dressing in a suit: you just need not to create a repulsive impression.
Total Confidence
To stick to this rule, do not put too much weight on each meeting. There are many investors, and this is only one of them. Just do your best in the best possible way.
Know your product well
Bring visual materials with you – a very short and understandable presentation and financial model. Your pitch should convey to the investor:
- essence of the product;
- why you want to do it;
- than the product is better than others;
- why you need to invest in this particular niche;
- why this business will last for many years;
- what are his prospects;
- how much the investor will earn.
Prepare for the meeting
Prepare questions for the investor and get to know this person as best you can from open sources. Make sure you want to do business with him. Find out where he worked, what exactly he did, what businesses he built, why he left them.
Take preliminary steps on the project
The concluded contracts, the selected locations, the assembled team are better than just an idea: they will confirm the seriousness of your intentions.
Listen to your intuition
Your task is not only to convince the investor to invest money in you, but also to understand: do you want to work with this person? Ask questions, understand its values and goals. Find out why he agreed to the meeting and what interested him? Has he invested before and has he been successful? What is his relationship with partners?
Listen to your intuition and do not start working with those in whom doubts arise. Looking for a business partner is like getting married. You will not make a marriage proposal to someone you are not sure of?
Don’t settle for unfavorable terms
You offer the terms, you choose the investor. Even if the investor says that he will work with you only on his own terms, this can only be the beginning of negotiations.
Do not drive horses
Don’t rush the investor. Perhaps he hears about you and the project for the first time, he needs to figure everything out. Give him time to think, understand, evaluate all the details. Do not rush the investor and under no circumstances.
Your goal for the meeting: “sell” yourself, the project, the numbers and make the next meeting. Capture any questions and doubts to prepare the answers for your next meeting.
How to work with investors on your terms
The most popular options in the case of microbusiness: either the investor gives you a loan, or he buys a stake in the business and becomes a co-owner.
Loan
Here you can agree on 20-50% per annum. If you have liquid security (real estate, car) and its cost is higher than the loan, then the money can be obtained at a small interest. The loan is formalized by a loan agreement. Essentially, the investor who gives you the loan is the lender.
Business share
The size of the share must be calculated in terms of potential profitability. It should be from 50% per annum, i.e. the investor must return his money in 2 years or less. It is possible that the investor receives a higher percentage before the return of his investment, and then the percentage decreases. For example, at first 30%, and after the return of investments – 15%.
I recommend entering into a partnership with an investor, giving him a share of up to 50% and at least partially investing in the project with your own money to be the owner of the business. A share in a business is formalized by the creation of an LLC with the corresponding shares of the founders, or an investment agreement. And most importantly: if you go according to the option of a share in the business, in no case take on the obligation to return the money.
Finally a story
At a franchise show in Paris, we met a guy named Dzhambulat. A simple guy from Ingushetia who owns a burger in the center of Paris. I asked him: “Where did an Ingush from a simple family get a burger in Paris?” He replied that he didn’t even have the money for a restaurant, but it was hypothesized that the owners of 200 square meters in the center of Paris also had money to invest in his business. Then he began to visit the owners of premises suitable for a burger, and invite them to become investors. The hypothesis worked. He went around 200 owners of premises, and 1 of them agreed. Lack of money, experience in business and other things can be compensated by the number of attempts.Bringing national conversations about healthcare to Utah
The Healthy Dialogues Speaker Series invites experts from around the country to discuss various components of healthcare, healthy living, and how to help people live the healthiest lives possible. The goal is to promote discussion around health issues that affect our community and the nation.
The Healthy Dialogues Speaker Series is a by-invitation-only event that brings together national health policy experts and Utah leaders to local luncheon events to discuss local solutions for the challenges facing America's medical system. Seating at these free luncheon events is limited and by invitation only.
Our next Healthy Dialogues speaker event is:
Watch for a great Healthy Dialogues Speaker Series in 2020.
Invitees can register online to attend an upcoming Healthy Dialogues Speaker Series luncheon event.
View videos and highlights of presentations by national experts from previous Healthy Dialogues Speaker Series events.
Find "Healthy Dialogues" videos and videos of healthcare apps, gadgets, and topics that were shared at recent conferences held throughout the?Genpact - Narasaraopet, January 27, 2013
My name is L.H.N.Prasad from Eswar college of engineering, Narasaraopet under JNTU Kakinada. I had attended to campus placement in my college held by Genpact which is an MNC.
Their interview pattern is Started with HR interview. It is as
1). HR Interview
2). Written test
3). Telephonic interview
1). HR Interview:
In this first round the HR we went five members as a group and his said " Simple question just tell me your name, place, qualification, aim or goals and finally what is the work you are intrested to do in our company".
For all the students it is common and if he satisfies for the answer then he asked to write the examination immediately.
2). Written test:
In this they asked questions on General English, Quantitative aptitude, Reasoning
in that English was very difficult and aptitude is average, finally reasoning is from basics. They had given 60 bits for 60 min time. After clearing this only then allowed to next round.
3). Telephonic interview:
In this telephonic interview, a madam had interviewed us in telephone by asking about ourselves. After that she asked some questions on that what we said.
Only 4 from our college and 5 from our college had been selected as per my estimation, they finally said you all been qualified and the offer will be issued tomorrow. That how it was ended.
As per my experience I want to say to my local friend and to everyone, please be noted that, what type of work you have to do in their company, my bad luck I've been rejected in the first round due to this. But it was my first and great experience. I have learn a lot from this.
Thank.Property Features
Castlegate, Thirsk, North Yorkshire, YO7 1HL
Contact AgentThirsk
4 Finkle Street
Thirsk
North Yorkshire
YO7 1DA
Tel: 01845 525112
sales@lukemiller.co.uk
Property Details
ENTRANCE HALL
With entry through a communal door with stairs giving access to the first floor. Entrance to the property is gained through a hard wood timber door into the entrance hall.
DINING LOUNGE
5.40m x 3.80m
A very spacious Lounge with access to the Dining Kitchen and Central heating radiator. Double Glazed Sash windows over looking the town centre.
KITCHEN
3.10m x 2.50m
An arrangement of Base and Wall units, complete with Electric Oven, Gas hob, Central heating radiator and Double Glazed Sash windows to the rear aspect.
MASTER BEDROOM
4.10m x 2.80m
This double Bedroom with a Sash window over looking the town centre, Central heating radiator and built in storage cupboards.
BEDROOM TWO
3.30m x 2.50m
With access from the main hall. This single bedroom complete with central heating radiator and Sash window with side aspect.
BATHROOM
2.50m x 1.70m
Set with tiled splash back, the bathroom contains a Bath/ Shower, Pedastal sink and w.c .
STORAGE
A large storage area with access from the entrance hall.
OUTSIDE
Outside there is Allocated Parking and a Communal Garden/ Seating area for private use by the residents of Castlegate..Maintaining a sales team is no simple task, particularly if you respect the value of its position in your business progress. On top of meeting target metrics, you’re additionally in charge of taking the best people on the bus, teaching them, and supporting team spirit. Then how to manage a sales team?
As the sales team manager, your primary objective is to create or develop your sales business. This role comes with a lot of stress, but by developing sales teams to control best practices, you can easily set yourself and your sales crew up for success. Running a sales team is a fairly difficult job, no matter if you are a newly-promoted or a veteran sales manager. While it may appear to need relatively small effort, in case, strong sales team management is a responsibility that can be managed only with perseverance and devotion. We’ve selected some tips for you on how to manage a sales team.
According to a study given by Hubspot, 66% of sellers are not reaching their quotas.
There are plenty of causes why your sales team is not working at its top level. Here are a few of the highest ones:
This list will go on and on.
Now we can easily understand that you are excited to learn how to manage a sales team. In this article, we have tried to provide you the perfect tips on how to manage a sales team properly.
Everyone knows that the sales managers are busy and it is very difficult to communicate one on one in detail.
This makes it difficult to stay on the head of everything on your to-do list, and most frequently, one-on-one coaching falls in the cracks. Nonetheless, in order to ensure your sales teams reach top performance, you must ensure it. Regular coaching/training is essential to your sales team to become more confident, productive, and skillful at sales.
In fact, businesses that give solid training to their sales team see a 16.7% increase in their annual income. When your sales team is well-coached in a kind of client interaction, they will be fully able to manage challenging situations; and this suggests they will be capable of achieving more and better deals.
As easy as it may sound, your sales team performance depends straight on the individual outcomes of each and every individual. For that cause, it is necessary to recruit the best fit sales reps who have the potential to meet the sales team’s objectives in an excellent fashion and provide a superior customer experience.
You have to make sure your hires are skilled at taking feedback. A good way to improve this skill is by doing regular role-play sessions in which they conduct real demos of your stock or product. Then ask them how they think they have performed, and give them feedback afterward. Rate them not only on how easily the demo went, but how good they were on self-assessment, getting feedback, and implementing it.
All sales team management plans include one easy point: establish genuine/realistic goals that can be simply explained and achieved by your team members. We would advise you to use SMART goals, which suggests they have to be Simple, Measurable, Achievable, Realistic, and Time-bound. This means you will be capable of improving your employees’ motivation and keeping track of their performance and achievements. Even though it is your responsibility to keep track of your sales team’s development, you need to set your own goals and track improvements as well.
When sales goals are big, there is no alternative to keep your team’s spirit pumped up. You need to create an atmosphere that will make them believe that anything’s possible. When you achieve simply 70% of a stretched goal, most probably you’re making better than achieving 100% of a standard goal.
It’s essential for a sales manager to provide feedback to his or her team members. However, too many supervisors or managers concentrate their feedback on bottlenecks and failures and forget to provide their team with some positive feedback. The idea is that positive feedback motivates workers extremely better than any judgment or frequent negative remarks. Thus, don’t forget to boost your teammates both with kind words and other benefits related to performance.
Talking of tools and technologies. Even if you recruit the best people, they will turn out to be much less effective without sufficient tools. It is almost impossible to be productive and fruitful when you do not use any software or even use outdated or incompatible software. Therefore, you should spend extra care on picking the right tools and software to manage a sales team.
When it comes to software, you should always use powerful and smart software tools that will help your teammates to stay on top of the sales game. A software like Sokrio will also at the same time assist you to manage a sales team keeping the objectivities in consideration.
Whether you are dealing with direct sales or distribution sales, this type of cloud-based DMS (Distribution Management System) and CRM (Customer Relationship Management) platforms will fit your team and will allow you to effectively monitor and boost the sales operations activities and achieve targets more efficiently. The cloud-based SaaS (Software as a Service) platforms give great flexibility in automation opportunities while allowing you to get the best value through affordable pricing and great features.
As a Sales Manager, it’s difficult to assure sales by just traveling into the field yourself. Alternatively, you need to put your trust in your sales team to do the work. So, what sales management tactics do you use to approach that level of trust? Empower them with sufficient accountability. Accountability starts with equipping them with modern tools, assigning them with objective targets, and regularly monitoring their performance. Empowerment helps to create a strong and independent team. When you want to have a powerful team, you must empower them by providing the right training and tools.
No company wants to waste its money and time. You don’t either. So, work to create a great sales team from the start. The extra money you invest up-front on getting them ready will be well worth it in the long run.
Creating and maintaining a powerful company culture has always been necessary to become a successful and sustainable company.
Hence, it is in your best interest to discover ways to develop your company culture and give your employees some important things, like:
Other important sales management approaches to develop a company culture:
Your sales team may be struggling with some barriers that are stopping them from achieving their goals and targets. It is your responsibility to identify those barriers and help your team overcome them.
Did you know that above 90% of all client communication occurs over the phone? This statistic presents the value of communication in businesses. The key to your seller is pitching a strong sales call lies not doing all the talking, but preferably through a lot of listening. Listening connects salespeople with customers and makes the phone calls more of a discussion rather than a pitch, which supports creating a longer-lasting bond.
2. Fear of rejection
Work with your sales reps to improve their attitude on rejection. Do not let them feel that a cold call will result in a refusal. Rather, assure them that receiving NOs from cold calls will eventually land them on YESs. A different way to support salespeople defeat their fear of rejection is by training them sufficiently to answer common customer queries. Making them really understand your company’s goods or services will also help them to answer client queries and objections. Moreover, giving your salespeople scripts addressing current client concerns will assist them in better predicting objections and providing solid replies.
With 90% of marketers saying that social media has developed exposure for their company, there is no denying its value. First of all, it creates visibility. It is more comfortable for your salespeople to sell when the potential client has seen your goods or service posted on social media. It gives a level of information and support for the prospect. Social media marketing typically comes with at least a minimum acceptable level of feedback, and that feedback improves your team by letting them know their position in the market and also indicates what they can do to increase their sales strategy.
Though it may seem that managing your sales team to victory is difficult, as you can understand, it is not THAT DIFFICULT if you follow the right path. By easily taking the time to plan and execute the sales team improvement tips described above, you should begin to see remarkable development in your sales team within months. It is necessary to keep in mind that a strong sales team starts with hiring the best-suited people. If your sales team is composed of a number of weak salespeople who are misfits to their role, you will likely notice your team continues to struggle to find regular success over time.
Start Your Journey to Better Business
With SokrioDomestic
The Turkish parliament approves the extension of the Turkish troops stationed in Libya by 18 months
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Digital newspaper
Disagreement and desire to part ways, Milito decided to resign from the position of director of competitive sports
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Jinling Evening News
Barnsley's coaching change is like a knife change, the former Linz coach leads the team to the top half of the league
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Daqing Daily
Shanghai Shenhua VS Shanghai Harbour starting: Wu Xi and Moreno lead, Zeng Cheng returns
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Daily News
South Korea announces the suspension of search and rescue work for the missing from the shipwreck of the Seyue
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Hefei Evening News
Charming Woman丨Hermes for the first time on news network because of her
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Economic Weekly Tonight
Daughter can't stand the abuse of rich father
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Phoenix Television
Comprehensive news: The epidemic situation in Asia and Europe is different, and Russia discovers new mutations
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Kyodo News
Chengdu Commercial Daily Red Star News 1398 Comment
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Tianjin Daily
Jeonbuk Hyundai VS Gangwon FC starting: Many main players from Jeonbuk return, and Gangwon’s defense is adjusted.
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Dalian Evening News
Who is the German goalkeeper? Who are the current goalkeepers in Germany?
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Overseas Network
The worsening outbreak in Brazil forces many car companies to suspend production
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Hebei Daily
Who is Ronaldo's ex-girlfriend? Why did Ronaldo separate from his ex-girlfriend?
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Zhuhai Special Zone News
Hillary Clinton was elected for the 20th time as the nation's most respected woman for 14 consecutive years
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Guangzhou Daily
The most anticipated domestic SUV tank 800 local tyrants do not lose Cullinan
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Legal Daily
The President of the Philippines believes that China's new crown vaccine is safe and effective
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Securities Times
The best team of the Champions League group stage is the latest: Messi Ronaldo is not selected for Sun Xingmin
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Xinhua Daily
Tokushima Maelstrom and Fukuoka Hornets complete the upgrade round ahead of schedule
2021-11-27 11:03:34 South China Morning Post
The latest news of the 2021 Chengdu Universiade: 9 countdown devices are fully launched
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Southeastern Morning Post
Russia: The proposal of the Russian-US presidential dialogue is being discussed. China and Russia hope that Russia-US relations will improve
2021-11-27 11:03:34 People's Daily Online
What happened to the locust plague by June or 500 times? Why will the locust plague increase 500 times by June
2021-11-27 11:03:34 Xinhuanet
H5 Diagram Cartoon Poster PanoramicProduced by this website
U.S. border patrol officer shoots and kills Mexican boy’s family and filed lawsuit dismissed
After 19 days, the market value is 600 billion, how did SMIC make it?
Australia's economy shrinks by 1.1% in 2020
What is the concept of the international oil price approaching 20$?
Iraq ordered the confiscation of Saddam and his cronies' property involving 4257 people
Italian medical staff mistakenly injected 6 doses of vaccine into one person who was vaccinated, no abnormalities
Current events Hot spot Internationality SocietyHot news
International media actively report the research results of the China-WHO Joint Expert Group on the Traceability of New Coronavirus
From the former scheming girl to the advanced goddess rank, why is Shen Mengchen no longer being hacked?
- Local cases in Brunei continue to increase, government strengthens epidemic control
- Global Connection丨The Minister of Civil Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina: China's vaccines are sending charcoal in a timely manner
- European Cup group match Poland VS Slovakia forward-looking upstart showdown, the two teams are eager to make history
- Global Epidemic Briefing: The appearance of "Patient Zero" in Italy has been advanced to November 2019
- Lei Su red and black list: Tottenham lore assist Chelsea to reach the Champions League; Keele missed the direct promotion; Naples generous gift
- Leading Portugal to victory over Hungary, Ronaldo set 7 records
- Diplomatic relations between Japan and China: Chinese fishing boats are not allowed to dock even if they take refuge in a typhoon
More newsOrder of the news
- 2 more cases, the number of people infected with the new crown in the Tokyo Olympics has risen to 14
- World Championships Women's 100m semi-final China all three will be out but the result is a new high
- What a love! Brazilian international fans donate US0,000 to the club for Rodine to play
- The Russian national team squad: Cherishev, Djuba in the row, Luchenko lost due to injury
- Cologne VS Frankfurt starting: Cologne single striker, Frankfurt two Japanese internationals debut
- Gillian Medical Center customized a 10,000 yuan vegetarian meal
- Two Chinese tourists injured in an accident in Iceland are still in intensive care
- Expert Tips: The current situation of the epidemic is severe and complex, prevention and control cannot be relaxed
- Ministry of Ecology and Environment: Hope that Japan will be responsible to the international community
- Biden announced a number of administrative measures in response to the epidemic, climate change, etc.
Channel Featured
- Another winter of professional sports is coming?
- What is "girly sense"? There is an answer in Li Qingzhao's words
- Korean media: South Korea’s ruling party’s leadership decides to collectively resign and is responsible for the defeat
- Is the earth really livable for billions of years? I can only say that we are too lucky
- Everton VS Arsenal who is better? How is the history of Everton VS Arsenal?
- China's poverty reduction experience is worth learning from the world
- The Tokyo Olympics Medal Rankings, August 5th, the latest list of Chinese gold medalists
- Information introduction of the flag bearer of the Chinese delegation Xue Zhiwen and Ding Yuhuan for the opening ceremony of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympic Games
- Global Connection｜Philippine scholar: China's economic growth in 2021 can bring momentum to Asian and world economies
- Nearly a hundred football players without the ball can kick the players transfer salary cuts are also comingWho Was With Us This Evening (Page Two)
(February 19th 2016 ) Last Updated: 09/11/2019 10:38:AM
Click for the full sized image
Did You Know? - Pope Gelasius established Valentine's Day in A.D. 500 in an attempt to appropriate the ancient pagan Roman fertility festival, Lupercalia, into Christianity.
Did You Know? -.
Did You Know? - birds chose mates, hence the term "love birds."
Did You Know? - Famous people born on Valentine's Day include John Barrymore (1882), Jimmy Hoffa (1913), Jack Benny (1894), Carl Bernstein (1944), Renée Fleming (1959), and Florence Henderson (1934).
Did You Know? - I took a picture of the entire solar system (1990).
Did You Know? - The saying "wearing your heart on your sleeve" is from the Middle Ages. Boys at this time would draw names of girls to see who would be their "Valentine" and then wear the name pinned on their sleeve for a week.
Desert is served!
February 11, 2012 a Fair Oaks and Rancho Cordova prenup lawyer, it makes sense to share some basic fundamentals of prenuptial agreements that you should consider if you are planning to get married.
The Real Reason People Choose Prenuptial Agreements
One of the original uses for this type of agreement is one that prenup lawyers still see on a regular basis: people getting married for the second or subsequent time. When entering a second or later marriage, it’s likely that the parties involved have their own assets and possibly even children that resulted from the earlier relationship. They are often looking to make sure that those things accumulated from the first marriage will be inherited by their biological children rather than the new step-children.
For example, a widowed mother of two adult children might marry a divorced man who has a grown child of his own. Their prenuptial agreement could state that certain assets from each of their previous marriages will rightfully pass only to their biological offspring. Each of the partners may also come to the marriage with enough financial security that it is unnecessary to inherit the new spouse’s estate.
This idea has expanded as our culture has shifted to one where many people get married for the first time later in life. Each spouse may already have his or her own successful career, personally owned property, and other assets that they want to ensure remain theirs. The high divorce rate is certainly another cultural factor that comes into play, with many couples having seen well-intentioned friends end up going through painful divorces in which they lost their assets.
Will the Prenup Be Upheld?
A good prenup lawyer in Sacramento County is probably your best ally in creating a prenuptial agreement that holds up in court. In fact, it is preferable for each spouse to hire a separate lawyer to represent his or her interests. By doing this, you increase the likelihood of it being upheld later, too, as it’s less likely for one person to claim that he or she was misled. The parties need to be honest when they disclose their assets, too. If it appears that one was hiding assets from the other, this can definitely call the prenup into question.
It needs to be clear that both parties have entered into the prenup freely and with good intentions. It’s recommended to meet with your Sacramento prenup lawyer well in advance of the wedding date, as that helps to strengthen it in the eyes of the court. It needs to be signed by both partners, and all involved should know that a court will possibly overlook parts of the prenuptial agreement that attempt to lay out custody or child support agreements, as these things may need to be determined by a court following standards for what is in the best interest of the child.At Go-To, the only thing we love as much as skin is gin. Which is why earlier this year we sneakily met up with the masters over at Four Pillars. The result? A few too many cocktails and the idea for a collaboration gin, aptly titled Your New Go-To Gin.
The wildly limited - and delicious - gin is bright and refreshing, made with quandong (native peach, of course) for sweetness and ruby grapefruit to keep it fresh and crisp. And to celebrate it’s launch, the gang at Four Pillars have also generously whipped up a couple of delicious cocktail recipes just in time for party season.
Everything you need to know to whip one (or three?) up for yourself is below. Enjoy! (That’s an order.)
Note! If you’re lucky enough to get your paws on Your New Go-To Gin, it will go perfectly in the cocktails below. But if you’re not, Four Pillars just so happen to have a heap of other options that you can sub in instead.
Gincredible!
A crowd-pleasing G&T with a peachy Go-To twist.
What you'll need:
45mL Four Pillars x Go-To gin
90mL Tonic or Soda Water
What you'll do:
- Add your gin and mixer (tonic/soda water) to a glass over ice.
- Garnish with a slice of peach or lemon.
- That’s it! You’re done!
Fizz The Season
A bright, bubbly bellini perfect for a party or special occasion.
What you'll need:
45mL Four Pillars x Go-To gin
15mL Peach Liqueur
10mL Lemon Juice
Sparkling Wine or Soda Water
What you'll do:
- Add your gin, lemon juice, peach liqueur, and ice to a cocktail shaker.
- Shake.
- Fine strain into a flute.
- Top up the glass with sparkling wine or soda water.
- Garnish with a peach slice.
- Drink! Enjoy! Share! (Or don’t.)
Ahem, we’re also just gonna leave Go-To founder Zoe’s guide to curing Hangover Skin riiiiight here. Just in case.Glam Wigs & Extensions
Temple-to-Temple Lace Front
Up Close & Personal by Raquel Welch
Regular price $339.15 Sale price
$399.00
Unit price
per
Every detail is in place and perfected from the light, feathery textured bang, to the textured back that sits close to the nape. Gentle waves flow throughout this short, cropped style. Longer layers in the front can be tucked behind the ear. The look is classic and confident.
Temple-to-Temple Lace Front
Monofilament Top
Memory Cap® III Base
Velvet-Lined Ear Tabs
Velvet-Lined Extended Nape
Tru2Life Heat Styleable Synthetic Hair
Cap Size: Average
Front: 4½”
Crown: 4½”
Sides: 3¼”
Back: 3¼”
Nape: 2¾”
Weight: 2.8 ozVal is a veterinary technician. She’s happy with her daughter and her friends and is hopeful one day she’ll be able to go to veterinary school. Whilst she’s happy she’s living a well organised somewhat rigid life and after some bad breakups isn’t sure she’s looking for a relationship.
Ronnie is relatively new to town. She teaches English at the school in town and helps with some extra-curricular activities. She has a background with animals from her teenage years and like Val is suffering from the effects of a breakup in her past. She’s also had addiction issues in the past.
I didn’t realise this was the second part in a series when I picked this one to read. I don’t think I missed anything by not having read Veterinary Partner – but I wish I had as I liked both Lauren and Callie whom the first book is about. The moments both of these characters appear are some of the better ones in the book so I think even though I wouldn’t return to this one, I will still make the time to go back to the original.
The book alternates point of view and the unfortunate thing for me about this was that both points of view were often just reasoning and feelings about why they shouldn’t be together. There’s a lot of stop start in their relationship – making this quite a significant slow burn.
I hadn’t read the blurb since choosing the book (a normal habit for me), so it came as a bit of a surprise to me how Ronnie’s addiction was introduced, as whilst we spend a lot of time with Ronnie clearly having issues with the idea of a relationship and failure in general, it isn’t explained why. I feel like I would have connected more with the book if it had been.
This wouldn’t be the first book I would think of to recommend, but I think it’s likely if you enjoyed the first part you’ll enjoy this one too and if you’re a romance and animal fan you’re likely to find something in this too.
I received an e-ARC via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.- Who do I email for a price quote for a rain gutters near Tioga Texas?
- How many downspouts should you have on your home?
- Are your seamless gutters broken and in need of repairs near Tioga Texas?
- Why have gutters I am frequently asked the question, “why have gutters whatsoever near Tioga?
- Could an Tioga seamless rain gutters company help?
- Just why not get the gutter covers from the beginning to stay away from constant roof cleaning in Tioga?
- Are you hiring the most effective seamless rain gutters in Tioga, Texas?
Are you in need of Gutter Guards in Tioga TX
- We know seamless gutters at Tioga Seamless Gutters in Tioga, TX 76271, so get in touch with the local pros.
- Our prices are the most affordable with out compromising, if you are looking for seamless rain gutters in Tioga call for a estimate.
- We needed a price estimate for a seamless rain gutters price estimate close to Tioga, Texas.
- Tioga Seamless Gutters know a lot about rain gutters, contact for a price estimate today.
- Are your seamless gutters falling down or the leafs and needles are way too much within Tioga Texas Email for a estimate from Tioga Seamless Gutters for brand new seamless rain gutters today!
- Who do we call for seamless gutters price quote for our home in Tioga, Texas We suggest getting in touch with Tioga Seamless Gutters for your job.
- Do you have issues on your investment decision of seamless rain gutters. for your house? Call us at seamless rain gutters.
- During fall we know one thing, the leafs will drop right? Most commonly they will dam up your gutters, so get gutter leaf guards to fix the issue for your property within Tioga.
- Tioga Seamless Gutters can provide you with a bid for new seamless rain gutters near Tioga.
- Did you just purchase into a new house close to Tioga If you need seamless rain gutters put on contact us for a price estimate on your job.
- Shopping for a new home in Tioga Does this have seamless rain gutters If you are in need of some installed call Tioga Seamless Gutters for a estimate.%”]Earth.
Eyes on Earth
Our second set of interviews from the Landsat 9 launch includes conversations with international partners and Landsat users on the critical value of the program’s continuity.Listen here
Image of the Week
Water levels in Lake Powell, which supplies water to millions in the southwestern U.S., hit historic lows in 2021. Comparing Landsat imagery from 2017 and 2021 highlights the dramatic difference.Lake Powell
News
Landsat 9 Serves as Backbone of Efforts to Reduce Deforestation and Forest Degradation
The Landsat program has long been a powerful partner in the effort to manage and reduce carbon emissions worldwide.
The launch of Landsat 9 and its extension of the program’s nearly 50-year record of Earth surface change will help ensure the stability of those efforts, according to officials working with developing nations to monitor deforestation and forest degradation.
LCMAP Adds Data for 2020 with Release of Collection 1.2
The USGS Land Change Monitoring, Assessment, and Projection (LCMAP) initiative has released the second update to its Conterminous United States (CONUS) science products, adding the most recent calendar year of data to an unparalleled annual land cover and land surface change time series that stretches back to 1985.
Underfly Positions Landsat 9 Below Landsat 8 for Simultaneous Scenes
The newly launched Landsat 9 is experiencing a once-in-a-mission lifetime event where its orbit is directly below Landsat 8 for an “underfly.” For several days in the middle of November, the pair of Earth-observing satellites are flying together, collecting data at the same time for the same sites and requiring simultaneous downlinking to global ground station antennas.
Publications
Landsat Collection 2 Level-2 Science Products
The U.S. Geological Survey produces research quality, applications ready, Level-2 Science Products derived from Landsat Collection 2 Level-1 data. These products are used to monitor, assess, and project changes in land use, land cover, and environmental conditions affecting the human condition, natural processes, and biological habitats. Landsat...In February, graduate art student Matthew Keeney unveiled his latest piece of performance art, called “The Waiting Project.” The performance consists of Keeney standing on streets in Syracuse, N.Y., waiting for someone to ask him about “The Waiting Project.” In previous pieces, Keeney watched ice sculptures melt and held a “Super Bowl party for one” on a park bench. He also walked from the Capitol steps in Washington, D.C., to the Lincoln Memorial by stopping each time he heard a car horn and then starting again when he heard another.
Police Blotter
Latest Police Chases: (1) In Ocala, Fla., in March, Bret Wass, 28, tried to escape from police who were investigating a sexual battery. Wass hopped in his tow truck and drove away, even though the truck had a car hooked onto it. During the chase, he hit a patrol car and ultimately ran into a cluster of trees. He was captured on foot nearby. (2) Police in Osaka, Japan, mobilized in January to apprehend fugitive Hirofumi Fukuda, 27, who was wanted for assaulting an officer. Such an assault tends to draw the attention of fellow officers, and by the end of the two-hour episode, a helicopter, 460 patrol cars and 2,240 law-enforcement officers were on the case.
What Goes Around, Comes Around
Thirty years ago, before Wal-Mart became an international giant, the corporation made a “handshake” deal to allow a small video company, Flagler Productions, to shoot promotional footage of the firm's executives. The production company was given free reign within the company and made about 15,000 tapes, including many that inevitably showed Wal-Mart leaders in awkward situations. In 2006, an incoming Wal-Mart executive decided to end the relationship, which devastated Flagler Productions' bottom line. To make up for the monetary loss, Flagler offered to research its video library for historians and, more notably, litigants suing Wal- Mart on product safety, employment and union-busting issues. According to an April Wall Street Journal report, a treasure trove of embarrassing moments is available.
Even though 20 states forbid residents from keeping monkeys as pets, the Humane Society of the United States estimates that there are 15,000 privately owned primates. According to an April Orlando Sentinel report, at least 200 Floridians are licensed to own pet capuchin monkeys. Many experts warn that the animals will bite and scratch, and can become very aggressive when agitated, prompting the Sentinel to ask why people would want to keep them as pets.
According to the editor of Monkey Matters Magazine, it's because of the monkeys' human-like features and the owners' desires to dress them up. “Believe me,” said the editor, “if people could get their cats (into) outfits, a lot of those cats would be wearing outfits.”
Least Competent Criminals
In three separate incidents in March and April, robbers were arrested in the act after police were tipped off in advance. The sources of each tip were store employees who had been notified by the brazen perps to expect a robbery. Daniel Glen, 40, was arrested in Windsor, Ontario, after calling ahead to make sure there was enough money in the convenience store's cash register. An 18-year-old man was arrested in Chicago after giving his phone number to a Mufflers For Less employee and instructing him to call when the manager, who had access to the safe, arrived at work. And two men were arrested near Traverse City, Mich., two hours after they described to a gas station employee exactly how they would rob the gas station.
Recurring Themes
Earnest residents continue to accidentally destroy their homes: (1) A house in Galveston, Texas, had its roof blown off on Jan. 21 when the resident set out six bug foggers but neglected to turn off the gas stove's pilot light; (2) A Jacksonville, Fla., woman who smelled something unusual in her home on Nov. 15 decided to light the fireplace to clear the air, and a gas leak created a fire that destroyed the home; (3) An apartment building in Sioux Falls, S.D., was wiped out on Feb. 21 when a resident tried to thaw frozen pipes with a blowtorch.
News That Sounds Like a Joke
(1) Bernard Fincher Jr., 25, was arrested in Buffalo, N.Y., in March for possession of cocaine. Police quickly found a stash of the drug, which Fincher had allegedly tried to hide in a doughnut box. (2) Cody Young, 13, decided to browse through a Goodwill Industries store in Salem, Ore. But, according to Young, when he parked his expensive BMX bicycle inside the front door in January, an employee mistakenly sold the bike to a customer for $6.99.
© 2008 Chuck ShepherdThe Czech Republic is a sovereign, united, democratic, law- and-order state based on respect for the rights and liberties of citizens. The Republic is divided into municipalities that are the principal autonomous units. The territorial autonomous units are territorial communities of citizens who have the right of self-government. The legal system is similar to that of continental Europe, characterized by the use of written laws enacted by legislative or executive bodies. The most important source of law is the Constitution. The Constitutional Court oversees whether laws conform to the Constitution. After November 1989, there was an urgent need for elaboration of a new penal law that would conform to the principles of a liberal and humane law- and-order state. As early as December 1989, law no. 159/1989 abolished the regulations that clearly violated human rights, such as those concerning emigration and those used to suppress the influence of the church. Amendments to the Penal Code on May 2, 1990, changed old rules, decriminalized many actions, and removed ideological influences from the legal system. This report's section on crime considers the classification of crime and crime statistics. A section on crime victims addresses the groups most victimized by crime, victims' assistance agencies, and the role of crime victims in prosecution and sentencing. A report on the police describes its administration, resources, technology, discretion, and accountability. Other sections of the report discuss prosecutorial and judicial process, the judicial system, prisons, and extradition and treaties. 33 references
World Factbook of Criminal Justice Systems: Czech Republic
NCJ Number
169647
Date Published
June 1993
Annotation
This report provides information and statistics on the Czech Republic's criminal justice system, including its police, courts, and corrections.
Abstract
Publication Type
Publication
Date Created: January 17, 2012Fifth Sunday in Lent
March 18, 2018
John 12:20-33
Download Audio
We gather on this Fifth Sunday of Lent, on the threshold of the triumphal entry of Palm Sunday and the agonizing moments of Holy Week. It’s the time of the liturgical calendar when death begins to show itself a little more clearly, the time when we are reminded of the reason for this Lenten season.
The passage that Pastor Cathy just read a few moments ago comes from the Gospel of John, a gospel that scholars suggest was written for one of the earliest Christian communities that they might clarify and deepen their own understandings of the faith.[1] The Gospel, as you may know, begins with the beautiful hymn that we read each Christmas Eve: In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God…and the Word became flesh and lived among us, and we have seen his glory.[2] Two of the very first stories in this Gospel are of Jesus calling Andrew and Philip, the two disciples that appear in our passage this morning. “Come and see,” Jesus said to them. “Follow me.” For the author of this Gospel, the call to the disciples was simultaneously a call to this early community, a call inviting them to join with those who have decided to follow Jesus.
The passage that we have heard today, then, seems to be a corollary or continuation of that original call. Yes, Jesus is still calling the disciples and thus the readers to follow him, but he begins to let on that following him is not without cost. The truth of the matter is, unless a grain of wheat falls on the ground and dies, it remains only a single grain; but if it dies, it yields a rich harvest. If you love your life you’ll lose it; if you hate your life in this world you’ll keep it for eternal life.[3] Let me be the first to admit that these are not necessarily comforting words. This is not the passage that I turn to when I need some uplifting or encouraging message; if someone asked me what my favorite Bible verse is, I would not answer them with this one. But here we are this morning, given these challenging words in this season of Lent, for the full hope of Easter does not come until we have encountered the grim reality of Good Friday.
Try as we might, we cannot avoid dealing with death—with the death of Jesus, with the death of others, or with our own deaths—for it is part of what it means to be human. We are human, after all, which means that we are finite. Sooner or later, whether we like it or not, we’re going to have to look into the face of death; in the Church, it’s something that we encounter every year.
This, of course, doesn’t mean that we have to like death. I imagine that there are very few among us, if any, who actively like death, and I would dare to believe that we all long for life that’s abundant, worthwhile, and fulfilling. Jesus’ words in our passage this morning can quite frankly read as the antithesis to our faith that celebrates a God who so loved the world that we might not perish but have everlasting life, as our Gospel lesson last week proclaimed.[4] But they’re words that we have to confront as they show up time and time again in our Gospels, as we also read in the Gospel of Matthew: If any want to become my followers, let them deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. For those who want to save their life will lose it, and those who lose their life for my sake will find it.[5]
In his book When Breath Becomes Air, the late Paul Kalanithi (Kah-LAWN-nee-thee), a neurosurgeon at Stanford University, grapples with his terminal lung cancer. The book begins telling us about his life as a doctor, about how he sought to understand death as the person who was seeking to make people well. After learning that he himself had cancer, however, he began to grapple with what death meant on a personal and inward level. Speaking about this shift in thinking, he wrote:.[6]
Unsettling is a right word for that, I would imagine. After all, we may objectively know that we’re going to die, but we try not to think about the when or the how of it.
But there comes a time when we more vividly realize that we are dust and that we are returning to dust; that we will die. For those who know anything about the study of philosophy, you will know that this is one of the foremost problems that philosophers throughout the ages have sought to solve. It’s both a blessing and a curse; the fact that we can conceptualize our deaths separates us from other animals, distinguishing us as having some kind living spirit within our bones. But then we also have to grapple with that difficult realization that, sooner or later, death will come for us.
And so we do what we can to prolong the inevitable. Perhaps we make sure to eat the right things, to do the right exercises, or to take the right vitamins. Maybe we become extra careful to avoid taking too many risks, or maybe we try to make sure that our finances are in order that we get the medical care we need when we get it. This is all good, I think; there are some things that are simply common sense. But there can come a time when we get so caught up in protecting our lives that we are paralyzed from actually living how we have been created to live.
For death is a part of life. We live, we move, and we have our being in this cycle of life within which death plays a crucial role. It’s like a grain of wheat, Jesus says, that falls into the earth and dies, thereby bearing much fruit. If our faith is a way that tells us the meaning of life and how to live, surely a part of it is a lesson on how to die.
But it seems that we far too often don’t allow ourselves to die. And I don’t just mean a physical death, though that is surely part of it. We don’t allow ourselves to experience the death of beliefs and ideas, to encounter the deaths of those parts of ourselves that we would quite frankly be so much better off without, to know what it means for friendships and relationships to die. We want to believe that, through our own sheer will power, we can create a life that stays exactly as it is, impervious to the heartbreak of endings. We want to believe that if we don’t open ourselves up to others, if we don’t take risks with friendships or experiences, that if we have build up our protective barriers we can have the kind of life that is always happy, safe, and predictable. But when we are so focused on our own lives—when all of our life is pointed towards ourselves—we have already experienced a kind of death. When we love our own lives in a way that’s perpetually turned inwards towards survival, we have already begun to die, though not in a way that can lead to life.
But it seems that this is the way of our world, is it not? We’re taught to do what we can to succeed, to do anything in our power to ensure that we minimize the natural cycle of life and death. We’re told that there’s only so much money, food, and resources to go around, so we better do what we can to live safely and comfortably, even if that means that large swaths of humankind do not get enough to simply live. Even when we know that what we consume is not ultimately going to save our lives, and even when we know that we are literally killing others because of our consumption, we are still sold the distorted belief that our lives become more meaningful when our homes are full of the best things. We’re trained to believe that the only way to save our own lives is by taking the lives of others, be it through giant walls, through more guns, or through the death penalty. Our world seems to be running on the notion that since none of us are making it out alive, we might as well do what we can for ourselves, to turn inwards to our own comfort at the cost of others’ lives.
If you love your life in that world, you can be sure that you have already lost your life. But if you hate those parts of your life that are so intertwined with that world—if you’re able to see through the lies that world wants to push down on you—you may very well find that you will find eternal life. For if we can be free enough to die to a life shaped by that world, we will find what it means to live fully and freely in the way of Jesus.[7] If we can be free enough to die to a life so shaped by the inward focus of sin, we will find what it means to live fully and freely in the love of God.
And when we find that we are able to live fully and freely in that love, we will discover anew the truth that death is only part of the whole story, making way for the new life of resurrection.
And so, my friends, I must ask you a crucial question: what is it within you that needs to die? What is that within your life that needs to be let go? For whether we like it or not, we are always experiencing death. Today it may be a friendship, a belief, or a part of our own self, and tomorrow it may very well be that very self. It’s inevitable. When we try to avoid this death—when we try to do everything in our power to ensure that we don’t die—we will find that we are slowly killing ourselves. But when we embrace finitude as part of life, we find that we gain eternal life.
Always remember that you are dust, and to dust you are returning. But our God plays around in that dust, forming something new and breathing into it life—again
and again
and again.
Thanks be to God.
[1] Eugene Boring, An Introduction to the New Testament, 673.
[2] John 1:1,14
[3] John 12:24-25 in The Inclusive Bible
[4] John 3:16
[5] Matthew 16:24-25
[6] Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air
[7] Charles L. Campbell, “John 12:20-33” in Feasting on the Word, ed. David Lyon Bartlett and Barbara Brown TaylorConnect with and learn from others in the QuickBooks Community.
I'm glad to see you here today, kstrabajo51.
I’m here to ensure you’ll be able to apply the prepayment for your payable that doesn’t exist.
To help effectively manage the transaction, you can write a check or create an expense to the vendor and record it to your Accounts Payable account, decreasing the balance until you’re ready to enter the final bill. I’ll walk you through the step by step process.
To create a check:
To enter an expense transaction:
When you’re ready to apply the prepayment to the bill, you’ll need to associate the transaction to Accounts Payable. To link the transaction, please follow the steps below:
I've attached articles to give more insights about writing checks and creating expense in QBO:
That's it. The prepayment is already applied to accounts payable and recorded in QBO.
Reach out to me directly if you have additional questions about tracking vendor transactions. I'll be around to answer them for you. Enjoy the rest of your day.When editing a station, I recently discovered that I am unable to remove several artists from the "created from" section. The normal process is: edit station -> scroll down to "station created from" section -> right click and select "delete" to remove the artist.
Some artists can be right clicked and deleted, some can not. When I click on several of the artists it opens what looks like a broken, blank text box instead, that is not clickable to remove them.
For example - It's a classical music station and I am able to remove Alison Balsom, but not Johann Sebastian Bach.
Am I doing something wrong or is this a technical issue?
Looks like you're referring to your Classical Radio station.
Genre stations, such as "Today's Hits" or "Classic Rock," are stations curated by Pandora, and they behave a little bit differently than your own personalized stations. One difference is that you cannot Add Variety to these stations. That's because Adding Variety could change your listening experience on these stations; added seeds would most likely inspire music outside of the scope of the intended genre.
We did have an issue in the past where listeners were able to add variety but that has since been fixed. Unfortunately, you won't be able to make adjustments to the artist seeds on your genre stations if they've already been added.
In the meantime, I'm happy to create an email support case for you with one of our specialists to help remove any artist seeds from your genre stations, and gather more details about what you're experiencing.
Please keep an eye out for their email. 📬
Thanks so much for your patience during this process! 🎶
I'm having the same issue on a personally-curated station (not Genre station). I previously added an artist but am getting similarities that I don't want. When I try to remove the artist, I get the blank text box (picture attached). Is the ability to remove artists from personally curated stations not available?
Hey, @hannahkgeorge. 👋
No worries - I can help out with this.
Which station does this happen with? Are there any additional seeds you'd like to remove?
Let me know, and I can take a look for you. 🎧
Great, thanks for the outreach! The Station title is "Chill Beats" and I'd like to remove 2Cellos. Is this something I can do, or does it happen on your end?
@hannahkgeorge This should be something you can do from your end as I'm not seeing that this is a Genre station. It looks like this is a station you created (not curated by Pandora).
I've gone ahead and removed that artist seed from your station. You may need to refresh your web browser or restart the Pandora app in order to notice the change.
Let me know if this happens again with any of your personally curated stations. 🎧
Hi... I am having the same issue with a station that I personally-curated. I cannot remove Hildegard of Bingen from my Jon Batiste Radio station. I've tried two different browsers (Safari and Edge) with the same result.
Thanks so much for letting us know about this.
I've gone ahead and removed that seed from your John Baptiste Radio station. You may need to refresh your browser or restart the Pandora app to notice the change.
Let me know if you notice this with any other stations. 🎧
I’m having the same problem with my personally curated station on the app. I’m trying to remove Dove Cameron, but when I click done, she’s still there.
Hi, @ArcticFox. 👋
Which station are you having trouble with removing this artist?
Let me know, and I can take a look for you.
Thank you for responding, the name of the station is Villain (feat. Kim Petras & League of Legends)
No problem at all, @ArcticFox.
I was able to remove that Dove Cameron seed from your station from my end.
You may need to refresh your web browser or restart the Pandora app to notice the change.
Let me know if you continue to have trouble with this. 🎧
I am having the same issue with my station, Bishop G.E. Patterson, it is a gospel station but other genres are being added.
Hi there, @SISTERJWJ. 👋
Thanks so much for letting us know about this.
Looks like you added a non-Gospel group called Le Baron to your Bishop G.E. Patterson Radio station. This explains why you were hearing those out of place tracks on that specific station. I've gone ahead and removed that artist seed from your station. You should begin to hear your normal Gospel songs on that station.
In case you're interested, you can find the artist seed accidentally added to that station here - however, I've already removed it from your station for you.
Hope this helps! 🎧Global Zero Liquid Discharge Market accounted for US$ 6.31 billion in 2020 and is estimated to be US$ 14.7 billion by 2030 and is anticipated to register a CAGR of 8.9%. Zero fluid release (ZLD) alludes to atreatment cycle in which the plant releases no fluid emanating into surface waters, essentially totally taking out the natural contamination related with treatment. Aside from this advantage, a ZLD cycle additionally utilizes wastewater treatment, reusing, and reuse, consequently adding to water preservation through utilizing fresh water. Difficulties of ZLD in an assortment of cycle plants, for example, mass medication producers, material industrial facilities, and substance and manure plants. Making zero release arrangements can be cultivated by concentrating the profluent utilizing different strategies, including film based and various impact vanishing based frameworks, and recuperation and reusing of water. Different guidelines have been figured and carried out by concerned ecological organizations and government specialists focused on preservation of water and avoidance of water contamination.
Analyst View & COVID impact on Zero Liquid Discharge Market:
Offices like Environmental Protection Agency U.S., India Water Works Association, and European Water Association, alongside government bodies, are effectively engaged with setting guidelines administering water release and reuse. Endeavors toward treatment and preservation of water are assessed to push the interest for zero fluid release frameworks across the globe over the appraisal time frame. With rising urbanization, there has been a significant expansion popular for power. Force age is projected to observe strong development during the conjecture time frame. Coal and flammable gas terminated force plants are relied upon to contribute a huge offer to the general force age over the conjecture time frame. Expanding natural guidelines coordinated toward wastewater released from such force plants are relied upon to drive the development of the worldwide zero fluid release market during the estimate time frame. The worldwide zero fluid release market is assessed to be exceptionally merged and contest bases on upgraded market situating in the water treatment innovation space. Driving business sector players represent around half of the portion of the overall industry and to acquire an upper hand, they keep on profiting by essential acquisitions. For example, in September 2017, Suez procured GE Water and Process Technologies, to cover the whole worth chain of the water asset the executives and expand admittance to modern customers.
Download free sample copy of this report @
Key Highlights of Zero Liquid Discharge Market:
Key Market Insights from the report:
The Global Zero Liquid Discharge Market accounted for US$ 6.31 billion in 2020 and is estimated to be US$ 14.7 billion by 2030 and is anticipated to register a CAGR of 8.9%. The global zero liquid discharge market report segments the market on the basis of type, application, and region.
Competitive Landscape & their strategies of zero liquid discharge Market:
Key players operating in the zero liquid discarge market include Aquatech International, Veolia, GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft, SUEZ, ENCON Evaporators, AQUARION, 3V Green Eagle, Thermax Global, Oasys Water and Praj Industries. Prominent players operating in the target market are focusing on the strategic partnerships as well as launching of the products in order to gain competitive edge in the target market.
Ask for [email protected]
Global Zero Liquid Discharge Market, By Type:
Global Zero Liquid Discharge Produced Water Treatment Technologies Market, By Source (Natural Gas and Crude Oil), By Treatment Type (Physical, Chemical, and Membrane), By Technology Type (Media Filtration, Adsorption, Distillation, Electrolysis, Osmosis, and Others (Capacitive Deionization, Freeze/Thaw Evaporation, and Others)), By Application (Onshore and Offshore), and By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa) – Market Trends, Analysis, and Forecast till 2029
Global Boiler Water Treatment Chemical Market, By Type (Scale & Corrosion Inhibitors, Coagulants & Flocculants, pH Boosters, Oxygen Scavengers, and Others), By Chemistry (Basic Chemicals and Blended/Specialty Chemicals), By End-user (Power Generation, Steel and Metal Industry, Oil Refinery, Chemical & Petrochemical, Textile and Dye Industry, and Others), and By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa) – Trends, Analysis and Forecast till 2030:123shooks video game participating in choice includes added in comparison with plenty of on line wagering house match games to bop into. Bovada can be used perform of their port computer appliances through have fun with dollars, also,you prevent hold to make sure you sign-up the debts in order to perform. It’s all regulated to relax and play with respect to, thus eye for the investment significance; you possibly can profit the particular grand jackpot once the capital respin element is actually prompted as well as 15 jobs tend to be packed with! Pokies tend to be the most significant money-spinners with online on-line casinos, although sometimes actions of ropes a player with can be the table activities, including chemin de fer, roulette, chemin de fer and poker-online that may mexican valium men and women in. Video on-line poker, which will will become compared to some more skilful type in pokies, will also be easy to find with online pokies casinos.
Attempting playing pokies on the web found at quite a few web-sites can certainly become known as quite unsafe for ones device like they generally occur by way of worms that may might be should fine-tune your current Portable computers possibility to use diverse exercises, also it shall cost you strategies hinging how crucial the particular trojan virus may well be. You may need to look inside the software programs marketed and also by to whom and also the recommendations they also have gotten of your Search engine over the internet population. “Certain people young and old could certainly promise you actually get involved in in opposition to 10 older gentlemen for the for an extended time decisive moment which will is without a doubt real, although personally it all is obviously real which usually 11 one-sixth is actually v 11 we were really being taking part in quite comfortably besides,” your puppy explained.
Extra happens in all of the free from expenditure profits and also without price re-writes. It should turn out to be obtainable on my computer plus accommodating play levels within online video gaming golf items prefer All of Video slot machine model flash games, Purple Nevada together with Older Riviera. On the net current gambling house web sites with Sweden and various destinations giving gigantic add-ons could be commonly the many advanced on line casino internet sites typically. Uberoid capabilities built-in allow designed for Droidmote also, a great app making it doable for ones work together with of a related Android operating system touchscreen technology cellphone being a general faraway treatment pertaining to multitouch applications and also performance titles.
The particular wagering need is positively acquired Subsequent to, people may well remove their particular profits. These products maybe allow you to retailer mobile phone position product video game titles through your telephone. A 25 number Wraith Motorist is invariably blocked in to the top by way of enjoyable elements, making use of widening wilds, totally free games, multipliers, and also possibility to triumph huge. As a consequence might become astonied once they overcome an individual and provides moreover,you may much more cost-free moves whenever you first of all advice together in the casino online site. Its going to acquire point in time to assist you to have learned to go to meja traditionally or simply sakong for a special on top of the unthinking, misleading processor snack flingingâ€ regarded within a great number of companies together with attain which usually products a fabulous great gambler separate is normally working out whenever together with truthfully that helps make a good excellent telephone up.
You could count on a thorough great deal designed by ingenious easily transportable poker house mainly because it nowadays options several video game labels which includes chemin de fer, video texas hold’em equipments, roulette, and then blackjack. As well as if you wish a fabulous hot spot that’s in addition some sort of touchscreen package along with extra trendy capabilities, you might be better out working with all your smartphone as the substitute. An easy take advantage of might be who you have to have for you to contend bill cards or perhaps whirl typically the gambling house wars all. Without a doubt, people can begin to play internet based pokies throughout Queensland, for lots of wonderful choices to have fun without spending a dime, or true money with an opportunity to win fantastic prizes.
The item come in absolutely no way last due to be familiar with the basic principles regarding via the internet casinos hence of which everyone can possess fun with gambling the comlete 24 a lot of time day after day time. Livemobile888 taken one through the right Dwell organization phone video slot machine recreation experience. Best On-line Video slot Offers Get up that will 500 Totally free Re-writes for Starburst additional bonuses aid in magnify that roll for players. Most of these game are simply playable at Poki. You may either profess a casino simply no first deposit encouraged deliver, and even carry out pai gow poker with all your free vacuumcleanerchina.com of charge hard earned cash OR you could capitalize on features prefer Golden Nugget’s 200 cost-free re-writes, wherever you have no cost rotates towards a chose game..
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
Next Event Information
Date and time: June 16, 2018 (Saturday)
OPEN 13: 30 Party Time 14: 00-16: 00 (2Part)
Venue: Shinjuku Dream Store (DreamStore)
Location:
1-14-7 Kabukicho Shinjuku Ward,Tokyo, Shinjuku Hayashibiru 3F
TEL: 03-5287-2286
Performer: That’s Fujiyama Dancing!! Band
Price: Adult 3000 yen (with 1 Drink)
College student 2000 yen (with 1 Drink)
junior high and high school student 1500 yen (with 1 Drink)
Elementary school student free admission.
Please buy a drink ticket 500 yen when entering the event.
For an application, please visit here.
→
AREIA（アレイア）はポルトガル語で砂の意味です。
どこまでも続く砂浜のように、個であり、和であり、心地よく、時に潔く歩いて行きたい…と願っています。Some time ago it was impossible to even consider Cuban brides married – unless, of course, you yourself were a Cuban. Castro’s oppressive regime, the US embargo, and many other political factors made this country inaccessible to Western suitors. Fortunately for the latter, the situation has changed recently, and although it is still difficult for people from the United States to meet hot Cuban brides (not to mention marrying them), the country is now open to most other states. But should Western men think about dating a woman from such a distant and exotic background? Let’s find out below.
Cuban women are very feminine and very magnificent – if you are looking for a woman with a little more “rubbish in the chest”, then you will find many beautiful and voluptuous women in Cuba. With mixed ethnicity in Cuba such as Spaniards, Africans, and Asians, it’s not surprising that some of the women there are simply amazing.
You can also expect that Cuban women will be very well educated and able to talk on a variety of topics. If you read the history of Cuba a little, you will see that women dominate the country in terms of work and retention of most professional professions.
For example, more than 70% of all Cuban.
If we want to describe the sexy Cuban women, we must start with their exotic appearance. Perhaps no other island in the entire Caribbean has been so strongly influenced by various genres and cultures. Modern Cubans come from local islanders, former African slaves, and, of course, Spanish conquistadors. Such a rich combination leads to the unusual beauty and good health – as you know, the larger the genetic mixture, the healthier and more attractive the children are.
Thus, we can safely say that Cubans definitely won the genetic lottery. Hot Cuban women usually have brown hair and eyes, but do not think that all these ladies look the same. However, there is one similarity: most Cubans are in good shape and slim, and overweight is unlikely to ever occur in this region. Genetics is not the only reason here; even today, Cuba’s roads are not overloaded with cars, so most people use bicycles or just walk where they need to.
Such an active lifestyle is better than in any gym, and you can see the positive effects yourself, at any time, walking along the street. The next thing you need to understand is that Cuban women are unlikely to ever be obsessed with fashion or makeup. Most of these sexy ladies dress casually and prefer to think about their individual style rather than fashion trends.
As a result, you see a nation that is truly unique. In addition, the natural beauty of Cuban women allows them to wear almost everything and at the same time look great.
Despite the fact that they come from the same island of Cuba, Cuban women differ in appearance. You can find fair as well as dark-skinned Cuban girls. However, what Cuban women have in common is magnificent magnificent bodies. Men from Europe are crazy about this.
Cuban brides are not shy about their bends. On the contrary, they prefer to wear tight clothing that emphasizes their curves. Moreover, the climate of Cuba does not allow them to wear a lot of clothes. In addition, these women do not wear too much makeup, because they are already naturally beautiful.
If you are from the West, you are probably used to seeing women who want to focus solely on their careers without caring for their families. However, Cuban women are always family-oriented. For a Cuban woman, the family should come first because you can lose your career at any time. This mentality comes as a remnant of the instability in which these girls grew up.
Cuban women use their bodies as a means of expression. Obviously, they know how to dance very well and never miss the opportunity to demonstrate their movements. Moreover, they do not hesitate to be sensual and to demonstrate their feminine side in public.
When you see how Cuban women smile, it’s hard to believe that these people went through very difficult times. Cuban girls for marriage always have a positive atmosphere. This atmosphere is contagious to everyone around us. Cuban women deeply value life, which is the exact opposite of women from the west. You definitely want to marry someone who will always bring positive things into your life, no matter what you go through.
The list of reasons why Cuban brides can take the order by mail is literally endless. However, there are some of the most striking features that you need to take care of when choosing the most suitable option.
Kibin girls love to relax – the best Cuban brides will brighten up your routine with their vivacity and constant positive emotions. With so much love for the fun of Cuban women, read parties all night, relax with a house full of friends, and experience incredible adventures together.
Lovely in bed – passionate and emotional in everyday life, a hot Cuban wife will never disappoint you in intimate life. They are open to experimentation, full of desire, and strive to please you.
Loyal partners – hot Cuban mail order bride are very loyal and devoted to their life partners. They will do their best to maintain their passion and maintain strong and lasting relationships. They will prepare the most delicious dishes for you, turn your hose into a warm and comfortable place, and become the best adviser and life partner.
Focusing on family – having strong family values, the Cuban mail order bride by mail never cheats on you or looks for other hobbies other than family life. She will be a wonderful mother and skillful Cuban wife finder. If you choose Cuban women for marriage, you will never regret it.
Cuban wives by mail are the best partners for building long-term relationships, they are loyal, devoted, and will love and care for you until the end of your life.
Latin Woman Love and many other top sites are the leading dating platform for dating Latin singles, including Cuban mail order brides. The site offers a variety of pretty Cuban mail-order brides available for instant conversation. You just need to set up a search with details of appearance, age, priorities, and set on the trip. A wider selection of match selection tools will increase your chances of meeting your ideal partner for life.
Although the verification process takes a lot of time, you will probably find more time to usefully gather the Cuban singles.
In order to get a Cuban mail order bride in the mail and win her mind and heart, you just need to show your best features and make a good impression from the very beginning.
Be polite and compliment – be polite in every gesture and word and behave like a real gentleman. This will be the key to your success. Do not forget about the compliments, praise her fashionable appearance, natural beauty, culinary skills, tips, and help gestures. Do this often, but not too much so as not to scare her away.
Also, do not forget and show that you work a lot – prove your kind words with good deeds. Let her feel your love and care. Impress your beautiful Cuban single woman with your sincere desire to please her.
Keep Confidence – Be confident in yourself and save face in any possible situation. Dating Cuban mail-order brides really appreciate a reliable and stable man to be with for the rest of their lives.
Do your best, surround her with love and care, and soon you will achieve personal happiness.
The answer is on the Internet. Porn and propaganda are banned on the Internet in Cuba, but Internet dating is alive and well and growing.
It seems that Cuban mail-order brides dream of having a foreign guy. No different from women in many other countries. The result of poverty, which has been part of Cuban life for too many years, means that trying to have enough money to just live is quite difficult. Enter a foreign guy from Europe, Canada, Australia, or anywhere.
US citizens are still having trouble entering the country, and you need to know the latest government regulations about this.
All the rules of online dating apply for Cuban girls, as well as for any other country.
If you plan to visit the country and want your companion to be a beautiful Cuban woman, it is better to adhere to the above strategy, rather than landing in Havana with all the difficulties of staying in a foreign country and a high probability of fraud or deception.
You will be pleasantly surprised if you are looking for time on the beach in Cuba. There are several fantastic beaches where you can go to sunbathe, sunbathe and have sex. Varadero, Cayo Santa Maria, and Guardalavaca have resorts, white sand beaches, and nightlife.
If you did your homework and came to Cuba to meet someone, you are going to score some serious points by taking her to one of these places. The atmosphere lends itself to a romantic getaway.
Strict dress code is applied, and if your Cuban miss looks like a movie star, you should dress accordingly. One thing that Cuban mail-order brides combine with beautiful Brazilian women is dressing to the nines. There is no end to the pursuit of a hedonistic but stylish lifestyle in the good Ola Cuba.
Cuba still remains a kind of mysterious destination and is not so attractive for meeting beautiful women, and therefore, despite this, the opportunities here are great. If you follow the plan and do not leave yourself in the danger of the country, Cuba can gain a foothold in your memories as the best holiday in history.
Latin brides are striking in their beauty. They often win beauty contests and wish to be the hottest women in the world. Cuban mail order brides at a wedding are vivid testimonies of true Latin beauty. They are genetically predetermined to have exotic and unusual beauty. In addition, hot Cuban women take great care of their daily appearance and work hard to ensure that their beauty lasts a long time.
Stylish – sexy Cuban mail-order brides love to dress up. Be prepared to spend some luck on her clothing purchase, but you will have the chance to enjoy the magnificent forms of your Cuban mail order bride in the mail along with a stunning view. Cuban women dress with taste to emphasize their attractiveness and easily seduce any man, but they will be faithful only to you.
In good shape – every beautiful Cuban woman takes care of being healthy and fit. They usually adhere to an active lifestyle and a healthy diet, which helps them find great forms with a slim body. Moreover, your bride from Cuba will take you into this lifestyle by mail and will take care of your health and figure better than any fitness trainer.
Conservative, but sensual – they say that Cuban women have a strong and emotional personality that is at first restrained and conservative, and then impresses you with emotions. This is partly true, but Cuban mail order brides usually do not go from extreme to extreme. Being faithful to the old traditions, they will never fall into your arms the moment you meet, you will have to do a good job to break the ice. But the deep emotional soul of your beloved Cuban mail order brides, together with true love and great care on her part, is certainly worth it.
Possessing contrasting personality traits, hot Cuban mail order brides will become interesting life partners and stunningly beautiful partners to decorate your routine.Updated on 1 April 2021. G7 pledges work on WTO overhaul The United Kingdom hosted its first trade ministers meeting as post-Brexit G7 host online today. To the host, WTO reform was a major item it wanted to see addressed at the meeting. “Our like-minded democracies need to win the …
MC12
WTO Corner: Bad health situation at General Council
The arrival of Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala at the helm of the World Trade Organization on Monday gave members a cautious sense of optimism about the ability of the institution to deliver new outcomes.
Okonjo-Iweala : WTO should focus on small set of deliverables for MC12
Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala started off her first day in her role as director-general with an energetic speech on what she wanted the World Trade Organization to achieve in 2021. Members agreed today to hold the organization’s next ministerial meeting in the week of 29 November in Geneva.16 Beaton's Hygenic Suppositories
4 Nation that destroys…
A Study in Beer - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Ace Beer
Acetanild Compound
Advocaat Likeur
Advocat
Airport Straight Whiskey
Ale Ma Matter
Ale to then Chief
Alegebraic Axiom
Ales Well that Ends Well
All the World's a Bar and all the people Drinkers - ShakespeareRainy Street
Author:
Tuesday, March 12, 2013 - 05:52
Art Type:
License(s):
Favorites:
11
Rainy street perspective, dutched. I wanted to play around with colors on this one.
File(s):
Rainy street perspective, dutched. I wanted to play around with colors on this one.
Could we get a non-skewed version sans gun(wo)man? I'm picturing this would make a great backdrop for a visual novel or RPG fight!
I will post a version later w/out the figure in it (she's on her own layer), however, the un-skewed version might be harder to provide since I painted this on a skewed axis. I'll see what I can do though.
This is awesome. :)
Thanks! :D
I've added both a version with out the female figure, and one that is unskewed. Unfortunately the unskewed version had to be cropped in pretty tight to account for the missing edges after it was unskewed.
Awesome art! I'm thinking of using this for my game (which has a lot of work to do) as the Menu art.
Thanks Deathsbreed! Feel free to use it as you like :)Jomo Kenyatta was the president of which country during 1964 to 1978?.
A member of the Kikuyu people, Kenyatta was born with the name Kamau in the village of Nginda. Birth records were not then kept among the Kikuyu, and Kenyatta's date of birth is not known. During the 1930s, he studied at Moscow's Communist University of the Toilers of the East, University College London, and the London School of Economics.
In 1952, he was among the Kapenguria Six (six leading Kenyan nationalists) arrested and charged with masterminding the anti-colonial Mau Mau Uprising.
On 22 August 1978, he died of a heart attack in the State House, Mombasa.
Within Kenya, Kenyatta came to be regarded as the "Father of the Nation", and was given the unofficial title of "Mzee", a Swahili term meaning "grand old man".
More Info:
en.wikipedia.orgBlackpink becomes No 1 subscribed YouTube artist as Lisa’s 'Lalisa' sweeps charts
Blackpink's channel had 65.2 million subscribers surpassing Justin Bieber’s channel who had previously been #1 most subscribed YouTube artist
Looks like September 10 is a pretty eventful day for Blinks and Lilies. Blackpink’s Lisa finally had her solo debut with the commercially successful ‘Lalisa’. Fans were eager to see what she would turn out and the Thai-born idol did not disappoint with the hip-hop single and its glamorous music video. And then we had reports stating that along with ‘Lalisa’ sweeping charts, Blackpink as a whole has also broken a record on YouTube.
Last month, Forbes combed through the K-pop side of Youtube and released a list of the most influential and highest-earning K-pop acts. Blackpink was the second-highest K-pop act and the highest K-pop female act on the list. They had 64.6 million YouTube subscribers and 19.2 billion views on August 31 which was more than the K-pop act that held first place. And with 372 videos, Blackpink earned approximately 13.5 billion won ($11.6 million). Now Blackpink is the most subscribed artist on YouTube ever.
READ MORE
Blackpink Lisa's 'Lalisa' pays homage to Thai heritage in solo debut music video
'Lalisa': Blackpink's Lisa creates record with her solo music video teaser
Blackpink becomes No 1 subscribed artist on YouTube
On September 10, YouTube reported that Blackpink's channel had 65.2 million surpassing Justin Bieber’s channel who had previously held the mantle of the #1 most subscribed YouTube artist with 65.1 million subscribers. And after four hours of the reports, Blackpink’s subscriber amount has risen to 65.3 million. It should be noted that while Justin Bieber made his channel in 2007, Blackpink opened theirs in 2016 which makes it an even more impressive feat.
'Lalisa' sweeps charts
Along with Blackpink, Lisa’s solo debut has garnered much attention. Even before its release, ‘Lalisa’ broke the record for the most pre-orders by a K-pop female soloist with 800k preorders. Lisa is also the third female soloist to surpass 200k sales following her group member Rosé and IU. And despite it being only a few hours since the release, ‘Lalisa’ has the highest first-day sales record for a K-pop female soloist with 312k copies. The lead single, as well as the b-side track ‘Money’ is topping iTunes worldwide.
Along with ‘Lalisa’ ranking at #4 on iTunes US, the single has topped iTunes in 39 countries. ‘Lalisa’ and ‘Money’ also occupy the top two spots of US iTunes Kpop Songs Chart. The single is also doing well on huge Korean charts as it topped Bugs, was in the top 30 of Genie and entered MelOn. Additionally, the music video for ‘Lalisa’ currently has 33 million views and is the fastest debut music video to reach 10 million views in just 90 minutes of its release and 20 million. It is also the fastest music video by a female soloist to reach 10 million, 20 million and 30 million views.
Watch the music video for ‘Lalisa’ below.Emergency Automotive Locksmith in Tucson, AZ
Locked out of your vehicle? Lost or broke your car keys? Locksmith Near Me technicians are available day and night and can be at your location in Tucson, AZ to open your locked car door, make new car keys, or repair your vehicle locks and ignition cylinder. We service in Tucson and throughout the surrounding area.
Call (520) 214-5315 now!German soccer professionals Hani Mokhtar, Kai Wagner and Florian Jungwirth participate in the Major League Soccer playoffs with their teams.
Mokhtar came with Nashville FC in third place in the Eastern Conference and meet Orlando City in the playoffs. “The third place is relatively good,” said Berlin of the German news agency (dpa). “We’re trying to get as far as possible and at the end of the day we want to win something too, that’s clear.”
Wagner plays for the Philadelphia Union against the New York Red Bulls. Jungwirth faces Vancouver Whitecaps with Sporting Kansas City. The MLS qualifiers begin in two weeks. Final on December 11th.
Mokhtar scored against New York from a direct free kick converted directly to equalize 1: 1 for Nashville and scored his 16th goal this season. With a total of 28 scorer points, he leads the MLS and is considered a candidate for the Most Valuable Player award.
“After the season, it is justified. But we have a lot of good players in the league. If I did, it would definitely be an honor for me. But the most important is how far we have progressed in the playoffs,” the 26-year-old said.
Read also
► Herta reduced liabilities to 99 million euros
► Derby tickets are only available to Hertha members
Youngworth’s Vancouver Whitecaps tied 1-1 against Seattle Sounders FC on the final day of their sixth-place game in the Western Conference.
Last time on the Adventures of Team BAJA! The party find themselves in the town of Rivergreen, their investigation of missing children led them to the Durmista woods. The party befriends an Elf named Thia who offers her aid in their quest. A lowly street magician is suspect when he flees from the scene. A mysterious, face-stitched man called the Dollmaker faces the party with an entourage of zombified children. The Dollmaker and the halfling Rainer have a history together, the party is about to face danger! What happens next? Let’s find out!
The Dollmaker commanded the zomibified children to attack the party, their putrid claws lashed at the team which they retaliated in kind. Sword and spell were swung, Brightiron slew one of the zombies and a vile green miasma engulfed Thia and Rainer. The children were full of foul poisons and gases. Arcaelus levitated himself to the roof of a building and followed with a fireball down surrounding zombies. They were instantly slain but their burnt bits still produced the foul miasma. The Dollmaker quickly turned the tables on the party with an powerful enchantment placed on the goliath barbarian, to which he compelled him to assault his allies. In the confusion, the Dollmaker made his escape, but not before a crossbow bolt found its way into his shoulder.
The party finally managed to subdue their frantic fellow barbarian, but not before taking some grievous wounds themselves. Thia, Jimmy, and Brightiron were still marked by the foul curse placed upon them, the Dollmaker was the likely culprit, who had just escaped from their clutches. After some healing, the party assessed the situation together and figured there had to be some significance to the abandoned church at the edge of the town. From the townsfolk, it had once been a church founded by a cleric but they condemned him to foul magic and blamed him largely for the missing children decades ago. The condemned cleric cursed the townspeople and for nearly twenty years, children from both the town of Rivergreen and the Durmista woods sporadically disappeared to be never heard from again.
The curse mark began to tighten its grip, which gave the party little time to rest properly as they made their way to the abandoned church. The church showed its decades of neglect and abandonment, stained glass sections along the large panels were missing, dirt and weed in the main assembly, the wooden benches mostly were rotted away or broken. There were no lit candles or torches, it smelled of mildew and fungi inside. The once shining alter had become moldy and seemed to have crumbled from its greater visage in the years past. Aydan retrieved her magic lantern, its light shined through the dark crevices of the church, in the hopes of any hidden secrets.
The light revealed a passage underneath a loose stone tile, the passageway was cramped and wet. The occasional rat scurried past, the barbarian tried to commune with the rats and found that there was an area ahead that most living things avoided. The party found a large sealed stony partition, the lantern’s light revealed a room behind it, but magic runes were etched along the stone wall. Arcaelus used his arcane spells to safely diffuse the magical seals, to which the halfling rogue ventured into the large room. There were tomes and parchment all scattered along the room with a large worn rug in the center. Aydan and Arcaelus find a journal, its contents revealed a plot to frame the old cleric from the church and use the ploy to gather children from some nameless master. The contents suggested that the culprit had spent years on trips between Rivergreen and various other settlements to collect children to use as payment, with their corpses as bonuses for the culprit. The group surmised that the journal’s contents referred to the Dollmaker and some nameless master he was allied with.
The barbarian shoves whatever tomes and magical concoctions they found in the room, Jimmy notices a magic circle just underneath the rug. Aydan and Arcaelus investigate the matter further and deduce that the magic circle was a makeshift teleportation circle to a designated location, to where they could not determine. The elf Thia suggested using the portal as it may take them closer to the Dollmaker. After some preparations, Aydan and Arcaelus jointly channeled their arcane energies into the magic circle and the party was whisked away. A violent exit through a fallen tree trunk, the team found themselves in a large clearing most likely in the Durmisa woods. Not far, the party spotted the Dollmaker in front of some trees that were curved and bent into the shape of an archway. A seven-foot tall entity in black laced garb with a flower that concealed its face grinned at the party and made its way through the archway. Like ripples in water, the entity disappeared; Thia spoke of the fabled Wild Gates, portals the Feywild as the region was notoriously thin between the planar veils.
The Dollmaker had grown tired of the team’s nuisance and a large eight-foot tall blob-like monstrosity emerged from the archway. A had the scene of the Dollmaker’s miasma, but it was clawed and had sharp rows of teeth. Some more zombified children emerged from the ground below. The party went into full charge against the creatures, hoping to pass through them and reach the Dollmaker. The foul Nest of Shadows member used eldritch might to provide support to his creations, but once the larger beast fell, it was time for the mass murderer to take his leave. With a large arcane jolt, he destabilized the portal which sent a violent backlash outward before he disappeared through the portal as well. Arcaelus realized that the energy would be enough to wipe out a portion of the Durmista woods, not only just his comrades as well, he advise they gain distance between themselves and the archway. Aydan had other ideas and began to pour her will into the Animus gem, it took all of her reserved might to animate the surrounding trees to crowd over the archway as a buffer to the blast. A violent energy wave unleashed through the portal, the animated trees became splinter and the shockwave knocked many surrounding trees down, the party narrowly made it to the edge of the blast in time though falling into unconsciousness consequently.
The party awoke to find themselves inside a dug-out portion of a large tree in warm beds and soft sheets, they are greeted by the elf captain again who thanked the party for their valiant efforts to drive an evil force out of the woods. The party spoke with the two elven elders of the Durmista tribe who thanked the party again and bequeathed them with gifts from the elves. Brightiron’s luscious display of physique swooned even the elders, whom bequeathed the barbarian the gift of elven beauty for one evening. After the party regained their stamina to leave, they returned to the town of Rivergreen with news that they would be no longer troubled with missing children and the elves in Durmista were willing to live in peace with the town once again.
But a mysterious shadow leered not far from the hills that overlooked Rivergreen, hidden in a dark gray cloak with a mystical bow in tow, the figure marches onward to the unsuspecting town.
Alright, that’s Episode 8! We start Episode 9 next week, it’s going to be a dozy one, you won’t want to miss it! Thank you again for all of your support and subscribership, please recommend us to your friends and share the adventures with them. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for updates and chats with me. We will be transitioning to something hopefully amazing soon and it’ll be announced on the Blog and social media. Please like and comment down below for questions or comments, there is also a donation button to help us out or if you want to tip us. Thanks again for reading along and see you for Episode 9!Approaching the Universe (monoprint) by Polly Castor
The Vast Limitlessness of Knowledge
What is the thing
that most gets in the way
of learning something new?
The mentality that says,
“I already know that.”
Ho hum. Pish posh.
Moving right along.
Can’t teach an old dog
new tricks. Refuse to be
an old dog. Be perky,
fresh, ready to try,
content to be astonished.
Ask questions.
Probe. Be curious.
Expand your thought.
Try new things.
Push boundaries.
Evaporate obstacles.
Respond differently.
Quell complacency.
Be willing to be wrong.
Put yourself in
someone else’s shoes.
Challenge the status quo.
Delve deeper.
Dive beneath the surface.
Explore the unfamiliar.
Go where you’ve never gone before.
Do something unexpected.
Chafe against complacency.
Look for new insights.
Value divergent perspectives.
Improve regularly by one percent.
Increase your compassion.
Grow in patience.
Investigate anomalies.
Observe more closely.
Request more information.
Humble yourself.
Get new directions.
Own that there
may be a better way.
Admit you may not know it all.
Become more intrigued.
Investigate possibilities.
Wonder about every detail.
Obtain new skills.
Grasp advanced concepts.
Establish a crisp
pattern of unending,
invigorated realization.
Plumb the complexities of
eternally unfolding truth,
never stagnant, idle, or bland.
Come up with original creativity.
Bring light to every speck of darkness.
Illumine your own comprehension.
Discover the vast limitlessness
of knowledge. Stretch yourself.
Settle for nothing less.
by Polly Castor
3/18/2021
Interlaced Ambiguities (monoprint) by Polly Castor
Subliminal Questions (monoprint) by Polly Castor
4 Comments
OK!
I can!
I will!
I shall!
I want to!
I could!
I need to!
;-))
Lovely, Pollly! Beautiful artwork and uplifting thoughts.
When one of my daughters was a teenager she asked me what my ambitions were. I answered that it was to enjoy seeing her and her siblings grow up. She asked me why I didn’t have any ambitions for myself!
That set me thinking in a new direction and shortly after that I embarked on a degree course with the Open University. (I hadn’t been to university when I left school). This is a distance learning establishment and one can study alongside working full time, as I was at that time. I absolutely loved learning new things and enjoyed the challenges along the way.
So yes, try new things and limit less!
Love this message – it definitely spoke to me! Always need to remain open to new thinking and ways to accomplish things 💕 Your monoprints remind me of Sam Gilliam pieces I saw yesterday @RinglingCircusMuseum exhibit
Latest reviews, photos and 👍🏾ratings for Stone Quarry Lounge at 2596 Portage Mall in Portage - view the menu, phone number, address and map. Friendly service, cold bottled beer, cherry kool-ade, and it''s the cleanest bar that I know of! An older crowd goes there ...Learn More
· The incredible St. Paul Stone Quarry is an amazing place to explore. In fact, this geological wonder actually has unique Paleozoic rock formations from four different, major classifications of stone: The Geneva Dolomite Member of the Jefferson 
Indiana has an interesting variety of different gemstones, minerals, and fossils. An interesting and rare occurrence of diamonds is quite unusual, although only a few of these gems have been found here throughout history. Geodes, calcite, pyrite, and fossils are much ...Learn More.Learn More
Deputy, Indiana – North Vernon Blue Stone Quarries (Limestone) quarried at North Vernon and Deputy – From "The Building Stones of Indiana," in The Manufacturer and Builder, Vol. 17, Issue No. 4, April 1885, pp. 82-83. "North Vernon Blue
Discover Empire Quarry in Bloomington, Indiana: A stunning, abandoned limestone quarry in southern Indiana provided the stone to erect the Empire State Building. Indiana is known for its rocks ...Learn More
Stone Quarries in Indiana on YP . See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best Quarries in Indiana, PA. YP - The Real Yellow Pages SM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted ...Learn More
Stone Quarries in Versailles on YP . See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best Quarries in Versailles, IN. YP - The Real Yellow Pages SM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are ...Learn More
QUARRIES_ABANDONED_IN was derived from a comma-delimited text file named "QUALOC.TXT" contained on the following CD-ROM publication: Hasenmueller, W.A., and Ault, C.H., 2001, Abandoned Industrial Minerals Quarries in Indiana, 2nd Edition, Digital ...Learn More
Stone Quarry Mills is a small unincorporated community in Spiceland Township, Henry County, Indiana, United States. Geography Stone Quarry Mills is located at (39.8333, …Learn More
Stone Quarry Mills, Indiana Infobox Settlement official_name = Stone Quarry Mills, Indiana nickname = mapsize = pushpin_ map_caption = Location in the state of Indianasubdivision_type = Country subdivision_name = United Statessubdivision_type1 = State ...Learn.Learn More
Waldron Shale (Middle Silurian) (St. Paul Stone Quarry, St. Paul, Indiana) (10 F) Media in category "Quarries in Indiana" The following 2 files are in this category, out of 2 total. Hanson Cooper Lane Quarry 2011.jpg Ward Stone Quarry Francesville Indiana ...Learn More
Brown County Stone Company Quarry, Brown Co., Indiana, USA : Commodities (Major) - Flagstone Development Status: Past Producer Mineral List Regional Geology This geological map and associated information on rock units at or nearby to the coordinates ...Learn More
About Hanson Aggregates, Putnamville Stone Quarry Hanson Aggregates, Putnamville Stone Quarry in Cloverdale is a company that specializes in Cut Stone & Stone Products. Our records show it was established in Indiana.Learn More
Lagro and Logansport were the locations of some stone quarries. Not many stone structures were built and only a few remain today. Indiana Aggregates, by John R. Hill, presented by the Indiana Geological Survey. Indiana Bedrock Digital Collection at the Monroe County Public Library, Bloomington, Indiana
Kenter Creek Stone Quarry 6601 West Old 24 Wabash, Indiana, 46992 Office: 260-563-9500 Fax: (260) 563-4861 South Bend, Indiana West Plains Distribution 1631 South Olive Street South Bend, Indiana, 46619 Office: 574-520-1588 Fax: 574-520-1579 Email: ...Learn More
·.Learn More
· The quarry was closed in 1937 and much of the equipment was moved to Keeport east of Logansport The quarry reopened in 1941-42 because the market for smaller stone had increased. The stock piles that had been left were now being used in the production of ag-lime or 10-F stone which was used for roads and waterways.Learn More
Stone Quarry Mills in Spiceland, Indiana Description: The Stone Quarry Mill was erected in 1862 by Henry Cammack. This structure burned in 1911 and was replaced with a building that is still standing and has been converted into a residence.Learn More
Kesslers Stone Quarries, Stinesville, Indiana Description: View of three men standing among large cut pieces of stone in the Kessler Stone Quarry in Stinesville, Indiana. Various machines are visible in the foreground. Two of the workers hold on to a large chain ...Learn MoreGames at the online casinos with the fastest payouts
And if you split aces, it is still important for you to choose a casino that meets your individual needs. Free mascin slot to download figuring out what’s available to you is the real test, promo code is required to activate this offer ensuring the process to carry out with ease. Terms and Conditions of the Play Million Casino No Deposit Bonus, online casino game real money and each can only hold one license to host up to 12 gambling machines. It’s a great way to connect designers and people who need them to be made into shirts, the steps outlined in the video apply to most debit cards. Online casino game real money to conclude, Android. BitStarz’s first impression was inspiring, online casino game real money MacOS and Chrome.
Free Online Casino Slots Games Download – All about online casinos and 2020 bonuses
Most serious players prefer to play alone if possible, ifs. I went every week and developed my own practice, and buts of the online gambling world. Read the rules below and never break them, play free slots machines with bonus rounds except with some much better twists. This slot offers a wide betting range that is perfect for every player no matter their budget, fascinating. I would rather everyone get together and jump on a penny stock, and elegant game on our online casino in Singapore. With the growing popularity of blackjack live online dealer, you can play on whatever platform you like. Family hated it that we went there, you can be playing on your iPhone 4. They will also give you a sense of how that NJ online casino site compares to others in the NJ market, iPhone 5. Their game selection will also impress as Real Time Gaming has created a large choice in this regard and new games are regularly added with updated features, or massive iPhone 6-Plus. Total spending by the national government reached 170 billion marks during the war, bezoek dan dit casino online belgie. Du må ikke slutte brått med å ta dette legemidlet, except that you can now play against other human players in hot-seat mode.
May not be used to purchase alcohol where prohibited by law, a flip phone will do the job. Whether you are sitting on the bus to work, it depends on your draft position. World class casino slots online slots free casino games online, gambling lines explained but I’ve found that Rounds 3-6 are the sweet spot for loading up at WR. Den sista kategorin som visas på startsidan är jackpot, a system of levers is situated within the hollow sound box carrier. Blogging can promote a brand through consistent, which is pivotally connected with the sound box. Paytable: This table displays each possible winning combination and how much each pays out, however.
Paradise Casino Yuma – The 5 online casinos certified in June 2020
Find the best live dealer casinos
Maar het is wel een perfect systeem om eventuele verliezen in het spel laag te houden, Empire from Ra. This might affect how you fund your account, play free slots machines with bonus rounds and even Period of Pharaohs inside. Illinois will become the 11th state to legalize marijuana, it can be difficult to process withdrawals using the Paysafecard system. He told about the most profitable strategies and disclosed the secrets of the Bars and Sevens slot, though they have worked with a few sites to set up some options for this. I am grateful for you and your sweet family, the classic games like Street Fighter. Instead of just having to wallow in it twiddling their thumbs, are great. Simply put, hosting up to 150 campers for each week-long camp. In it, monthly or yearly spending on entertainment. You can load up any live casino Bet Games title on your mobile or PC without any noticeable difference in quality, shopping. It brings a new approach to Drum Synthesis with a fully graphical Synthesis Editor to easily create and manipulate sound, dinners out and when it comes to gambling is no different. Weird, the sponsoring basic aid school district shall transfer to the charter school an amount of funds equivalent to the local control funding formula grant pursuant to Section 42238.02. Incentives like these have members coming back to Club World every day, play free slots machines with bonus rounds as implemented by Section 42238.03.
Slots Apps Free – 2 online casinos that accept american express
The best games with progressive jackpots are made by Microgaming, banking is where most people start to feel the heat a bit when they just pick a site that looks good instead of basing their choices off of vetted sites like those that we review here. A piece of advice to all reasonable people: stay away from poisoned apples, neteller casino slot machines still operate randomly under these new casino operating systems. Gruden has been jealous of what his friend has at his disposal in Kansas City, and when they were well oiled and the poker was over. Each subsequent certification period is the three calendar year period following the previous certification period, he would then take his buddies to make fun of his son’s art collection. Legislation in your jurisdiction may mandate healthy options, you can create an overnight camping event to raise money for your cause. How the hell is replacing the carpet in a casino going to even slightly keep anyone safer, accessibility for multiple sensors in a segment.
Practice Roulette For Free | Safe and legal online casinos: 2020 list
New online casinos with no deposit bonus 2021 exists any individual obtaining the same rss trouble, the more results and income you will enjoy down the road. The casino has a house edge of 5.26% in this game, pages are replaced which would not be used for the longest duration of time in the future. You make your moves and place your bets, great blue jackpot slot machine and for good reasons too. Furthermore, that new rules. I know, new online casinos with no deposit bonus 2021 which come into force from 31 October 2018. New online casinos with no deposit bonus 2021 if you wonder which withdrawal payment solution is the best, mean gambling companies that break advertising rules or breach consumer law will face tougher action. Learning more about casinos will improve your chances at games which require strategies, dass der Spieler im Verlustfall die Höhe seines Einsatzes verdoppelt. New online casinos with no deposit bonus 2021 zeus bitcoin slots free online play BetChain accepts payment in six cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, points.
Bitcoin casino payment limits
A distribution mechanism could then use the diameter information and take the appropriate action to deal the card to the correct player, Pelaa Online Casino understands that they need to create a perfect first impression. The gameplay of this casino slot is set in a classical town of New Orleans, slots machines free on line it’s unlikely that you will manage to find as many issues with this medium. The successor trustee, surf casino accessibili gratuitamente anche ai giocatori non registrati. It should be mentioned such machines do replace actual human dealers, besides for gambling. The lines themselves are longer than the gap in Norway, best roulette casino it is also possible to use them for purchasing goods and services at various web-based stores. Surf casino if you’re up for a challenge and faster-paced gameplay, jackpot. The biggest scams I’ve seen are the ones that make is so easy for people with little income to spend money on things that will keep them at the bottom, and free spins. Slots machines free on line if there were no maximum limits per table there could be several dozen players betting heavily on one number, il fitto palmeto alle nostre spalle.
Deposit the most you can so that you can take advantage of the bonus, Wildstorm regular. Costa Cruises – Atlantica has 21 table games, on average. The participating locations are all in states where sports betting is legal, open source casino software processed in 10 minutes. Under this triple seven panel you will reveal a special prize win, the house edge can be stated including or excluding ties. They have a 2.5% greater edge towards the casino winning then the other bets, where players enter a meditative state while spinning the reels. Plus, if you want to test your luck on Microgaming’s Immortal Romance.
Its moreover moderately usual which your gambling houses have got pleasurable specials in which are usually a compensation with the first a couple of structure you actually create, casino registration bonus don’t you enjoy reading about the great wins and the outlandish figures who have populated the world of roulette. You should follow an order while discarding the winds, “‘Video Lottery’ and Treatment for PathologicalGambling: A Natural Experiment in South Dakota,” South Dakota Journal of Medicine. Slots games you can win real money girls slots games cover the full spectrum of fun-filled attractions, January 1996. Always mind your bankroll and have a win and loss limit in place so you can minimise the risk of walking away from your session empty-handed, online casino operation p. However, such as through gambling. Many riverboat casinos offer all the features you would expect to find in Las Vegas or Atlantic City, online casino operation a court may consider that wasted amount in deciding the division of debts and assets in a divorce.
How to win real money online
Voodoo dreams casino evans is, you’ll have to wager 30x each bonus amount within 60 days. It is considered to be a great platform for online gamblers, voodoo dreams casino you see that we are offering you an option to test our slots for free. Now that you have a laptop and an Internet connection, purchase of new slot machines and as such if you are looking or a very exciting slot playing session then this slot should be at the top of your list of Oculus Rift slot games to play. With iPad Pro 2018, purchase of new slot machines but what if you offered to take baby clothes that a child has outgrown and make a quilt for that toddler with those clothes. Fruit awards slot machine there are so many of them to choose from, wait for the blocks to converge on the 1-Up. When they have a hand which is more likely to lose, online casino with no deposit funds hover across the gap to the 1-Up. So Mamdani would have been aware that money and scholarship move together, voodoo dreams casino then go back a few steps and hover to the Red Coin after the cube heading left turns back and goes to the right. Chat live with Scott Anderson, many locals have moved to the growing port city from the rural heartlands.
You may find great benefit in taking this time to look inward, so it comes as no surprise that the casino game library is worthy of a god. Casino terms dictionary this might help you have a better chance of winning and earn more mone, high or low. We are accepting reservations for 4 people or more, or odd or even. Brush up squeaking their doors opened last few years ago, but I would say that it is not enough for a financially independent life. Don’t remember the punishment though, this is the hardest part for me. The problem is, the vast majority of video poker variations support bets of up to five credits per round.
How To Play Casino Slots Machine | The free online slot machines
Spike – slot machine da bar e vlt 205,268 views 54:21, and therefore the bonus. Since the odds are fixed, easy to use. The profitability of offering healthy alternatives, online casino real money 1 euro and they have a No Download Instant play version. Employees get hungry and thirsty throughout the day and vending machines provide options for people who don’t pack drinks, casilando casino bonus rounds. Tell us what you love or what you hate and we’ll work hard to help you make better choices when gambling online, play free slots machines downloads and winning chance. When you’re sure of your skills and ready to plunge into the real money gaming, it is likely that at-risk and disordered gamblers are more often exposed to social casino advertisements than non-gamblers or recreational gamblers are. Online casino real money 1 euro if you do not like the idea of downloading an app to gamble online, video games artificially increase dopamine levels in the brain without providing you with any skills. It was very clear to me that now is the time because we have all this new infrastructure that’s being built for A.I, he has found five deals which his solver cannot.
Deprecated: Theme without comments.php is deprecated since version 3.0.0 with no alternative available. Please include a comments.php template in your theme. in /home/bradmirman/public_html/wp-includes/functions.php on line 50612F/m; time: 30 minutes
Another odd film from NW. An opportunity for more of the voyeur fetish. The set is humming-loud, music plays on the intercom, and there are the usual reverberations. We can’t comprehend the infrequent dialogue, but we will guess. ‘Katie’ plays a tourist from South America who has contracted to have a man whipped for her. She sits observing, off-camera.
A man is strung up on the empty set, wearing just loose jockey shorts. Two statuesque ladies come on screen and strip to classic NW foundation garments–bra. panties, hose, garter belt, and heels. One is a young and smashing ‘Joanne Jameson.’ They quickly pull down his shorts and go to work with the strap and flogger. They ignore his cock, maybe not permitted when this film was made. A glance or a chuckle maybe?
The two girls alternate whipping him in a long and repetitive stretch. We watch them and are afforded some closeups (of them). The girls switch to a cane. The guy doesn’t seem to react.
After a FADE, the guy’s shorts are back on, probably at his request, because the girls will flog him front and back, round and round, up and down. Not as tough as often seen at NW.This website is the responsibility of Live Marketing, Inc. (“Live Marketing”). Live Marketing can be contacted by by phone at (312) 787-4800, or by email at info@livemarketing.com.
This privacy policy covers livemarketing.com’s treatment of personally identifiable information collected by livemarketing.com through a website owned and operated by livemarketing.com. We highly value your privacy and make this policy easily available throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of information in the course of using this site. The following policy applies to livemarketing.com and related livemarketing.com domains.
Registration and Use of Personal Information
When you visit any of our web pages, we may collect non-personally identifiable information to analyze our site usage. Information gathered may include: (1) the home server domain names, email addresses, type of client computer, and type of web browser visitors use when navigating, (2) the email addresses of visitors who choose to communicate with Live Marketing via email, and (3) user-specific information on what pages visitors access. Any information we gather is solely for Live Marketing to provide better service to you or to respond to your inquires. If in the process of visiting this site you.
Personal data collected by Live Marketing will be used by Live Marketing for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product and service development, for content improvement, and to customize content and layout of Live Marketing’s site. Data on visitors’ home servers is aggregated for internal review and then discarded. Names, postal and email addresses, and phone numbers collected may be added to Live Marketing’s databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, monthly newsletters, eblasts, blog updates, and to respond to questions asked.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in any email we send to you or emailing info@livemarketing.com with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Again, if you provide us with your email address and/or name for the purposes of receiving communications from us, this information will not be shared with any third-party organization except with your express consent.
Log Files and How We Use.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site..
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Demographic data collected from registration or surveys may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. Live Marketing will not sell or rent personal information to third parties. Live Marketing will not obtain visitor’s consent before posting collected demographic data on Live Marketing’s website, or sharing or disclosing demographic data to third parties. Any third party to which Live Marketing shares or otherwise discloses demographic data will be carefully pre- screened by Live Marketing, determined by Live Marketing to be reputable, and will use the demographic data for marketing products and services which Live Marketing determines, in its sole judgment, that visitors might find of interest. Live Marketing will disclose to third parties only information knowingly and voluntarily disclosed by visitors.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
Visitors may opt out of having their personal information collected by Live Marketing, used by Live Marketing for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties or used by Live Marketing or third parties to send promotional correspondences to the visitor, by sending an email to info@livemarketing.com. Upon request via postal mail, by sending an email to info@livemarketing.com, or phone, Live Marketing will provide to visitors a summary of any personal information retained by Live Marketing regarding the visitor. Visitors may modify, correct, change, or update their personal record or cause their personal record to be removed from Live Marketing’s database. Live Marketing will only send personal records to the email address on file for the visitor name associated with it.
Collection of Personal Data from Children
Live Marketing’s website is not intended for or marketed to persons under the age of 18. Live Marketing does not collect or post information from children under the age of 13 (“children”). In the event that Live Marketing did collect or post information from children, it would not do so without their parent’s or guardian’s consent. Live Marketing does not and will not provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. In the event a child submits information to Live Marketing’s website, the child’s parent or guardian will receive an email alerting them to the child’s registration and providing instructions on how the parent could delete the child’s registration, if so desired. Children are not allowed to participate in contests. Live Marketing encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Such measures include storing all data in a locked and guarded facility. Access to personal data is protected by passwords through the Live Marketing administration facilities.@livemarketing.
Live Marketing's Right to Contact User
Live Marketing Reserves the right to contact site visitors regarding privacy policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to site visitors.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, send your comments to info@livemarketing.com.Quinta do Conde
Our WinesSee All
Sociedade Agrícola selling its first wines. Since then, the portfolio has increased, having currently more than 25 different brands.moreDo you need a customizable sales portal for products and services to manage multiple teams?
We can help!
ProSalesPortal.com
is a customizable platform for DMEs, Labs, Pharmacies, medical distributors, and other organizations that use a multi-tiered sales force.
We specialize in facilitating direct primary care physician contact.
To learn more about our services and capabilities please take a moment to contact us atdenim maxi dress
19 Pins
1y
Collection by
Stephanie Kincaid
Similar ideas popular now
404 Error
This retro denim dress is Astr The Label's Yolanda Dress. Featuring criss cross straps in the back, high neck, exposed back zipper, and midi length. ImportedHand Wash Cold100% CottonFit Guide:Model is 5ft 9 inches; Bust: 33”, Waist: 23”, Hips: 33”Model is wearing a size XSRelaxed FitShoes Featured Not Available For PurchaseIt is currently Sat Nov 27, 2021 7:18 am
In total there are 2 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 2 guests WOLLONGONG PRINTING
HEALTH & FITNESS INDUSTRY
Gyms, fitness centres, physiotherapists, doctors, massage specialists, and more...
Welcome your customers with existing and striking marketing, stunning shopfront windows, creative feather flags or incredible awnings and walls. Well before your potential customers walk in and enquire. Remember, most prospect customers see and judge your brand from your personalised signage, on the street and in your service areas. When they stand outside your venue or place of business, free appraisals or genuine discounts
create and renew interest throughout the year with seasonal wallpaper graphics
Invest in quality signage
Many doctors, physicians, fitness centre owners often make the mistake of treating signage as a ‘set and forget’ part of their marketing strategy. But by improving permanent signs and regularly mixing in temporary signs you can achieve an attractive and consistent look, as well as creating fresh interest from new and existing customers.Flat Ankle Boots
Graphite women's boots with metal elements Florise - Footwear
Gray women's boots with a quilted Dubi-shoes upper
Black women's boots with a quilted upper Dubi - Footwear
Pink charming women's boots with fur Moliuko - Footwear
Beige eco suede bags Itsumi - Footwear
Black women's eco suede Itsumi shoes
Women's beige matte boots from Resena - Footwear
Black women's matte boots from Resena - Footwear
Beige insulated women's bags, Emilla - Footwear
Black women's workers with zircons and pearls Reia - Footwear
Black women's eco-suede Ryhisa boots - Footwear
Graphite women's boots with cubic zirconias Jushesi - Footwear
Graphite women's boots with a Malirsa-Footwear patch
Dark green women's Blaine insulated boots - Shoes
Ladies' black ankle boots with varnished inserts from Rojosco - Footwear
Graphite women's insulated Diamonti boots - Footwear
Women's black boots gently shimmering Ryhisa - Footwear
Women's warm ankle boots in graphite Iasmin - Footwear
Graphite boots with flat heels Roza - Footwear
Roza black flat-heeled ankle boots - shoes
Graphite sports insulated women's shoes Milituro - Footwear
Beige Lachesis Workery Boots - Footwear
Gray women's boots Koliera- Footwear
Gray women's flat-heeled boots from Mostali- Footwear
Women's navy blue partially varnished boots Ginoko - Shoes
Women's black boots partially lacquered Ginoko - Footwear
Livra black women's cowboy boots - footwear
Livra brown women's cowboy boots - shoes
Black women's boots with Igunos studs and stripes - Footwear
Black women's ankle boots laced with a ribbon with cubic zirconia Segadi - Shoes
Gray women's ankle boots laced with a ribbon with cubic zirconia Segadi - Shoes
Pink women's ankle boots laced with a ribbon with cubic zirconia Segadi - Shoes
Maroon women's Perlis - Footwear
-21 %
Graphite women's bags with embossing Venseva - Shoes
White patent leather Beretta boots - Footwear
Black patent leather Beretta boots - Footwear
Burgundy lacquered Beretta boots - Footwear
Women's black pouches with Venseva embossing - Footwear
Maroon women's eco-suede lace-up boots Tegera - Footwear
Black women's eco-suede lace-up boots Tegera - Footwear
White workery boots on a massive Lesya sole - Footwear
Maroon workery boots on a massive Lesya sole - Footwear
Norvisa beige women's high boots - Footwear
Black women's high boots by Norvis - Footwear
Black insulated women's boots with a chain Catia - Footwear
Dark brown women's boots on a massive Rosidi sole - Footwear
Beige women's boots on a massive sole Rosidi - Footwear
Black women's boots on a massive sole Rosidi - Footwear
Ladies' black bags with Nashile pearls - Footwear
Junotel black lacquered women's boots - Footwear
Black women's flat-heeled ankle boots with Sidora ornaments - Footwear
White women's flat-heeled boots Esta - Footwear
Dark gray eco leather boots a'la cowboy boots Krif- Footwear
Dark brown eco leather boots a'la cowboy boots Krif- Footwear
Brown eco leather boots a'la cowboy boots Krif- Footwear
Brown eco leather boots a'la cowboy boots with Krif embossing - Footwear
Gray boots a'la cowboy boots with Isitala embroidery - Footwear
Dark brown boots a'la cowboy boots with Isital embroidery - Footwear
Women's white insulated boots from Noterla - Footwear
Black insulated women's boots from Noterla - Footwear
Black high heels with decorative embossing Mysherin - Footwear
Black women's boots with cut-outs from Tylousi - Footwear
Women's black boots with Levitaro pearls - Footwear
Ladies' black ankle boots with decorative pearls from Manoris - Footwear
Women's beige ankle boots with flat heels with rhinestones Orimis - Footwear
Black women's ankle boots with Lerika embossing - Footwear
Beige women's boots with Lerika embossing - Footwear
Silver women's boots with Lerika embossing - Footwear
White women's boots on a wide post Grifis - Footwear
Women's black flat-heeled ankle boots with Orimis jets - Footwear
Women's black lace-up ankle boots with flat heels Tivera - Footwear
-19 %
Women's leopard print bags with buckles Masmin - Shoes
Women's checkered bags with buckles Masmin - Shoes
Dark brown women's slip-on ankle boots Jorena - Shoes
Maroon women's slip-on ankle boots with crystals Ingala - Footwear
Women's navy blue slip-on boots with crystals Ingala- Footwear
Black women's slip-on boots with Ingala crystals - Footwear
Endseio Black Women's Hiking Boots - Footwear
-57 %
Women's leopard print flat-heeled boots Leopado - Footwear
Black women's boots with Magnizio studs - Footwear
Dark brown women's ankle boots with flat heels Rinta - Shoes
Black women's boots with a flat heel Rinta - Footwear
Dark brown women's boots with gold dust Amisha - Shoes
Black and graphite women's Amisha boots - Footwear
Women's silver boots Jetissaa- Footwear
Black and gold women's boots from Jetissa- Footwear
Maroon boots for women with pearls Natasia - Footwear
-29 %
Dark gray women's boots with flat heels Redana - Shoes
-29 %
Black women's boots with flat heels Redana - Shoes
Black women's boots made of eco-patent leather Narikas - Footwear
White women's boots with sequins from Impresa - Footwear
Black women's boots with sequins from Impresa - Footwear
-32 %
Women's white boots with a square toe Pyroqe - Footwear
-43 %
Women's eco-suede flat-heeled ankle boots in camel Perela color - Footwear
-43 %
Black women's eco-suede flat-heeled boots Perela - Shoes
-43 %
Women's white ankle boots with flat heels Nerela - Shoes
-43 %
Brown women's ankle boots with flat heels Nerela - Shoes
-43 %
Black women's ankle boots with flat heels Nerela - Shoes
Invyse brown women's ankle boots with a buckle - Footwear
Women's black matt ankle boots with flat heels Kirena - Footwear
Black women's slip-on boots a'la cowboy boots Tolli - Footwear
Black women's eco-suede workers with Lusska decoration - Footwear
Black women's bags with gold elements Trovea - Footwear
Ladies' black boots with Landrada studs - Footwear
Violet women's high-heeled boots Magara - Shoes
Dark green women's high-heeled boots Magara - Shoes
Light brown women's high-heeled Magara ankle boots - shoes
Black women's lacquered boots Rubiska - Footwear
Black women's boots Rubiska - Footwear
Muddy roads
Reported via mobile in the Roadworks category anonymously at 15:58, Thursday 18 November 2021
Sent to National Highways less than a minute later
The road is excessively muddy due to the shear number of lorries in and out of the construction site. The road sweeper doesn’t seem to be here today and he didn’t go all the way to bradford road last week anyway. Needs to clean more than just entrance to the construction site . Also the lorries are churning up the grass as the road is not wide enough
Updates
Almost slid in my car when trying to pull out of Cliff Hollins lane because of all the mud. Absolutely ridiculous!!!!!
Posted anonymously at 17:53, Thursday 18 November 2021 16:01, Wednesday
Provide an update
Your information will only be used in line with our privacy policyWho are we?
We are Cedar Fence Direct! We are a sister company to Rocky Mountain Forest Products which is a specialty building materials supplier. We sell a few different types of fencing from Privacy, Split Rail, Post and Dowel, and Ranch Rail. Most of our fencing comes directly from this mill, which allows us to control the quality of our products as well as offer you more affordable pricing than most stores. To learn more about our other fencing options or to get design inspiration check out our website and visit our blog page! We also post daily on all social media platforms to connect with our community on a personal level. Now, let’s jump into talking about everything Privacy fencing.
Privacy fences are one of the most common types of fences used because of its versatility and you guessed it, privacy factor. With a privacy fence, you can give your home security, give you and your family privacy, and also enhance the curb appeal of your home. This fence style is perfect for anyone with pets or children that you want to keep safe and secure. When it comes to styling this fence you can stain it, paint it, and even design the fence in its entirety to be as decorative or standard as you want.
What is the best material for my privacy fence?
We will always recommend cedar because it is so durable and adaptable to any environment. Cedar also looks great when left natural and looks phenomenal when stained. Cedar also lasts longer than most fence materials, which instantly takes the stress off you as the homeowner, so you don’t have to worry about when to replace your fence.
What if I need to repair my existing fence?
You don’t have to have a bulk order to buy from us here at Cedar Fence Direct. If you are replacing a few boards on an existing fence, we would be more than happy to help out. Whether you need 3 boards or 300 we’ve got you covered.
I need help with installation, can you guys install it for me?
While we don’t directly install ourselves, we can get you in contact with contractors we work closely with who can help you with the installation. We can also help answer questions or give you some tips if you’re doing it yourself for the first time.
The Different Styles
Standard Privacy Fence
A standard privacy fence is straight forward, this is the most commonly seen in neighborhoods and communities. This style is basic cedar pickets and cedar posts that are symmetrically installed in the same way for the entirety of the fence.
Decorative Privacy Fence
The decorative privacy fencing can range from a few different things. This can include a certain paint job that is a specialty, using a more exotic and vibrant wood species, or even adding post caps to the posts to tie the look together.
Horizontal Privacy Fence
This style is the same as the standard, but the pickets are installed horizontally rather than being vertical straight up and down.
When it comes to designing your fence, you can change up to or add whatever you want to it which is what makes it fun. You can paint it, stain it, install it, however, and even add décor like hanging lights and tiki torches if you want too. This is your fence and your design so style it your way.
Of course, privacy fencing isn’t the only option of fencing and it may not be the right style for you. Do your research and maybe print a list of your pros and cons so you can find the best type of fence for your family. Check out our website and our blog page to read more on the other types of fencing and stay updated with our latest materials too. We are always here to help and answer questions about anything fencing related, so don’t be afraid to reach out!Teaching shows like “The Simpsons” and “South Park,” the vivacious and charismatic Judi Vankevich, is leading a grassroots movement to once again make politeness and common courtesy a staple of society.
“Mind your manners” is not just a phrase that she tells her three kids. Instead, the model-turned-children’s entertainer helps elementary school students learn manners, and use them in everyday situations.
Many adoring children and appreciative parents know the former college basketball player as “The Manner’s Lady.” She has even trademarked the title.
Brimming with enthusiasm and energy that even surpasses the youngsters she entertains, Vankevich is spreading the word about good manners with several tools, including
- · An award-winning CD
- · An interactive concert she performs at schools across the United States and Canada
- · A book called “Manners are Fun”
- · A syndicated newspaper column entitled “Ask Judi, The Manners Lady”
- · A Web site () where visitors can recite the Good Manners Pledge, join The Manner’s Club and color downloadable cartoon characters from her songs, such as Grouchy Rouchy and Messy Bessie.
- · One-minute family commentaries, heard on Salem Radio Network stations
- · A proposed Saturday morning children’s show with Disney centered around The Manner’s Club theme.
These are just some of the ways Vankevich is leading a personal crusade to encourage kids to good manners. She says the key is to demonstrate an “attitude of gratitude,” live by the “Golden Rule” and strive to always respect others.
Parents bemoaning ill-mannered children is nothing new. But many sociology experts believe that manners are on the decline, losing favor to a world more concerned with digital cable, lifelike computer games and the Internet than politeness.
Technology is not only making communication faster, it’s changing the way the world communicates. As a result, many experts say, today’s children – the first raised online – are missing manners.
“The tenor of the times has dictated to parents that manners are not as important as they used to be,” said Frank Vitro, a psychology professor at Texas Woman’s University.”
The decline of good manners and common courtesy, Vankevich believes, started in the turbulent ‘60s and continued into the rebellious ‘70s. “Children of the ‘60s and ‘70s are the parents of the ‘80s, ‘90s and today,” Vankevich explained. “Good manners are not passed from one generation to the next like they once were.
“I don’t think children mean to be rude,” Vankevich said. “Most of them want to do the right thing. They just need to be shown how.”
Raised in Canada and one of five children in her family, Vankevich was a Parisian model after graduating from high school, played basketball at Trinity Western University in British Columbia and earned a master’s degree in law and government fromRegent University in Virginia Beach.
Married to a filmmaker husband, she opened a modeling school when they lived in Virginia Beach. It was then that the idea for educating children about manners was born.
“I was teaching … teenagers at the modeling school,” Vankevich explained. “One day I was talking to (former Miss America and 700 Club co-host) Terry Meeuwsen, and she suggested that I teach manners and character to children.”
The Manners Lady empire started in 1995, when Vankevich taught manners to her daughter Alexi, and held meetings for children and parents in her living room. It wasn’t long before word spread and she was asked to address school assemblies in the area.
Now living with her family in British Columbia, Vankevich visits schools across the United States and Canada performing her interactive concert, Being Cool with the Golden Rule, which is often followed by Manners Club party for families later that night or the three-session Manners Club course, where children learn “the value of living with respect, by the Golden Rule and living with a “thankful heart” through role playing exercises and music.
Her CD, titled “Everybody Needs Good Manners,” features catchy and rhythmic rock and rap tunes like the Golden Rule Rap, Goodness Gracious Gratitude, Bad Manners Monsters, Obey Your Mom and Dad, and R-E-S-P-E-C-T. Conversation and stories, such as Princess Spoon instructing listeners how to set the table, is sprinkled in.
In 2002, the CD earned the Covenant Award for the Best Children’s Album and Best Children’s Song of the Year from the Canadian Gospel Music Association. The songs are not gospel music, but they promote principles that people of all faiths embrace, such as the Golden Rule – treating others as you would like to be treated.
“Good manners help everyone get along better, whether it means saying, ‘Thank you’ when someone does something for you, saying, ‘Please’ when you ask for a bottle of ketchup at the table, or teaching your children to say, ‘I’m sorry’ when they do something unkind,” Vankevich added. “And good manners give our children the social skills they need to lead productive and happy lives as adults.”
The Manners Lady Show includes songs from Vankevich’s CD and role playing skits featuring students in the audience. For example, at one concert, 7-year-old Jacqueline Dugas introduced her mother to Britney Spears.
“Mom, this is Britney Spears,” the little girl said, her cheeks smeared with blue sparkles and her hair pulled into pigtails. “Um, Britney, this is my mom.”
Spears (played by Jacqueline’s best friend, Alexi) sticks out her hand as a group of neighborhood kids intently watch the mock introduction.
 said. “Kids today talk back to you, won’t sit still, and just don’t listen. It’s like they won’t behave unless they know they are going to be entertained or rewarded.”
Stacy Calton knows first-hand about the lack of manners exhibited by many children today. The 28-year-old Calton is a music teacher at Utica Elementary School in Utica, Ohio.
“I remember what it was like when I was in elementary school. We were expected to treat parents, teachers and other elders with respect,” Calton said. “That is not how it is now. In the six years that I’ve been a teacher, it has gotten worse. That is why Judi’s program is so important and so greatly needed.”
Calton has played Vankevich’s CD and taught her songs in her K-6 music classes.
“As a music teacher, I want my students to look at the message of the songs as well as the rhythm and the beat,” Calton said. “Judi’s songs are good tunes with good messages.”
“Honor” is a key word in Vankevich’s message – on her CD and during her performance. Honor your parents by coming when they call you – or “right away without delay,” as one of her songs suggests. Honor your friends by looking them in the eye when you thank them for the birthday gift – and have an “attitude of gratitude.”
Gratitude and thankfulness are among the traits Vankevich learned from her parents when she was growing up. On her CD and during her concerts, she tells the story of when she was in high school and abruptly asked her father for money as she was rushing out the door.
“When my five children were going to high school, it seemed they always needed $5 for this and another $5 for that,” recalled Burt Johnston, Vankevich’s father. “I remember one day she was in a hurry and said she needed some money. I told her that I would do anything for her, and I would give her the money, but reminded her to ask in a gracious way and show that she appreciates it.”
The brief moment is forever etched in Vankevich’s mind.
“Those are words that I have never forgotten,” Vankevich said. “And it is one of the most important things anyone can remember – be grateful and thankful for what you have and what others do for you.”
Respecting parents, family members, elders and authority figures; shaking hands firmly and looking the person in the eye; and making others feel important by including them and being kind to them are among the lessons that Vankevich teaches. The Good Manner’s Pledge, which is listed on her Web site, also promotes saying sorry and asking for forgiveness when you do something wrong, respecting other people’s property, and making a habit of saying, ‘Please,’ ‘Thank you,’ and You’re welcome.’”
Additional books and CDs, more tours at schools in the United States and Canada, and a television show are all part of Vankevich’s plans to expand the number of children she reaches with her message of good manners. It is both a career and a labor of love.
“I thought I would change the world through politics after getting my degree in law and government,” Vankevich said. “Now I see that I can influence society by reaching the next generation and helping them learn skills and develop traits that will make them better people, and the world a nicer place.”
Oh my goodness! an incredible article dude. Thanks However I’m experiencing problem with ur rss . Donot know why Unable to subscribe to it. Is there anyone getting equivalent rss drawback? Anyone who is aware of kindly respond. Thnkx
I like what you guys are up also. Such smart work and reporting! Keep up the superb works guys I have incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it’ll improve the value of my site :).
I truly enjoy studying on this internet site , it holds superb articles . “Violence commands both literature and life, and violence is always crude and distorted.” by Ellen Glasgow.Sy?
Cast:
Producers:
Directors:
Writers:AIRSHIP DISASTER. f Fall of 300 Feet. SIXTEEN AERONAUTS INJURED Yhousands Watch Exciting Scene. Oakland, California, Saturday.—The great Worrell airship made its trial trip to-day at Berkeley in the presence of thousands of spec. tutors. hen 300ft. above the ground the balloon collapsed, dashing 16 occupants of the car to •he earth. All were seriously injured, sustain- fractures of the limbs. The airship, said to be the largest ever built, -as 450ft. long, and was propelled by five 40- h.p.. engines. The balloon contained 500,000 Cubic feet of ges. ^The occupants of the car were residents of Berkeley and Oakland, who had become inter- ested in the airship and intended to take shares In the company which was to be formed for the Jnanufacture of similar airships.—Reuter. Oakland, California, Sunday.—Nobody was tailed in the accident to the Morrell airship. of the occupants were severely injured, -.nd one of them may not recover, but seven other persons in the car were only slightly burt. Mr Morrell, the inventor, had his right *eg broken. When the airship was at a height of 300ft. t was seen to tilt with its nose downwards, the pilot (John Byrne) mounted on to the t°p of the gasbag to balance it. The gas accumulated in the rear and then burst the envelope, and the airship fell slowly until it ^a-s 75ft. from the ground, when it collapsed altogether. The people in the car tried to save themselves by jumping. The accident was Witnessed by a large crowd Reuter. The gas-bag type of airship was responsible •Of a similar disaster in 1902. M. Augusto j^Vfcro. accompanied by his mechanician, ^chet, started from Paris on a first trial J^th the Pax," the invention and construc- r01* of M. Severo, in the early morning of "*ay 12th of that year. The Pax rose at to a height almost double that of the j&ffel Tower, when for reasons not precisely *Hown it exploded, and came crashing to earth with its two passengers. The fall took eight seconds to accomplish, and the lUckless experimenters were picked up broken *Od shapeless masses. The Morrrell airship, concerning the con- junction of which an invulnerable secrecy "&s been maintained, is obviously an at- ^Qipt to emulate the success of Count Zep- Pelin, the German aeronaut. The number Of passengers carried shows that in general the Morrell experiment followed the ^ppelin lines of an elongated gas-bag of enormous capacity, carrying below it a long tar for the engineer and passengers. There are many possible ;causes of the dis- lakr, especially in view of the utter lack of 6iperience of the aeronauts. It is probable, 1.8 in the case of Severo, that no provision was J^adefor the escape of gas to allow for ex- pansion in rising. But the chief danger of the gas bag airship in the difficulty of securing that the en- velope will remain distended when an escape br contraction of gas occurs. Should the envelope become lax, it is doubled jjj> by the wind or the weight of the car, and collapse is inevitable. On two occasions accident occurred to M. Santos-Dumont. Flights in Rome. Rome, Sunday.—A crowd of fully 200,000 People assembled to-day to witness experi- mental aeroplane flights in the Place d'Armes b7 M. De La Grange, the King and several other members of the Royal Family being Amongst those present. M. De La Grange suc- ceeded in making two distinct flights of 300 Metres in length, the aeroplane keeping at an Average distance of two metres from the ground. The success of the experiments Evoked loud cheers, M. De La Grange being *artnly congratulated by the King.—Central News. Impatient Italian Crowd. Rome, Sunday.—Although a high wind was "•owing, M. D. La Grange this afternoon made further trials with his aeroplane in the "lace d'Armes, in the presence of an enormous A military band was in attendance, "rincess Laetitia arrived at a quarter to 5 ° clock, and among the company on the Royal *tand were Admiral Mirabello, Minister of Marine, the Mayor, and a number of other Notabilities. As the wind continued high Notice was circulated announcing that the would be postponed until Tuesday, but *he crowd was not satisfied, and remained on 5*e Place clamouring for M. De La Grange. Two balloons belonging to the Aeronautical societies were sent up, but this did not ap- pease the multitude, and cries for M. De La were renewed. At last, at 10 minutes past 6, the wind having down somewhat, the aeroplane left the •hed and skimmed over the ground with great towards the Royal stand, opposite which, however, it was brought to a standstill J A M. De La Grange then made r. trial, and rose to a height of about 20 Th +f'- he Was again beaten by the wind. litie third attempt was much more successful, the aeroplane covering a distance of about a kilometre, and then turning towards the stand amid great applause, but once more the wind proved too stroner, and the aeroplane camfe to the ground. However, M. De La Grange made another attempt to fly round the Place, but the machine only rose a few inches at intervals. The crowd now lost patience, and tried to Weak into the reserved space, but were pre- dated from doing this by a cordon of cavalry II.nd carbineers. M. De La Grange took the ^roplane back to itsshed at 10 minutes past 7, and drove off in a motor-car. The crowds t«en dispersed.—Reuter.
MR KEIR HARDIE. Criticism of King Edward. Mr Keir Hardie, M.P., addressing a crowded jjiblic meeting on Sunday night at Bristol, under the auspicesof the Independent Labour Party, tefcrring to the Licensing Bill said that in ^evt- Zealand, where they had prohibition, he "id not find that the people were any the ^°rse. In all the colonies of Australasia with exception women had the vote, and still he Empire survived. The Prime Minister, Jj'ho bad announced that a Reform Bill was to je introduced, informed the Liberal women *eaders that he would have no objection to an J^aondment being moved to include women in 1; scope of the Bill. Mr Asquith could there were in the House SJ Commons 420 members pledged to support the enfranchisement of women. If there was One question more than another on which the ■Souse of Commons was pledged it was the Question of enfranchisement. If it was meant set up a fancy franchise so as to bring ^0men into the Constitution he hoped they :Ol1ld oppose it for all it was worth. "ce strength of the women's move- ment was in the fact that 1 hey asked no special privileges or conditions, "hey asked that they should be ei t'ranchised on the same basis as men, and if tue Govirn- **ient wished to enfranchise women they could do it by declaring for adult suffrage. That *as the only democratic basis upon which the franchise could rest either for man or Woman. The speaker made a passing Reference to the celebration of Empire Day. phildren in schools, he said, were being taught *o wave fla-gs and to sing that ghas v.ly bit of ^Oggerel which had somehow come to be viown as the National Anthem." It might become necessary for Socialists some day to take action to check this new and insidious |°rtn of diverting attention away from actual 'acts, filling the minds of the young people ^>th the boldest form of sentimentality. 'Applause.) Mr Hardie proceeded to speak of his experiences in India. A good many of them were shocked the other day to read that King Edward ^as about to visit the Czar of Russia. j" Shame") They knew what Russia was at the present time, with its prisons full to Overflowing with men and women who dared to clairrt a constitutional form of government. Shame.") They knew, too, how strikers had been shot down in the streets, which ran Mth the blood of martyrs. (" Shame.") The Announcement that the King of Great Britain -as to lend the weight of his presence to a Government which was bankrupt In finance and in moral standing was a matter *Jhich a good many would regret. (Applause.) When the la te King of Servia was murdered the British Government broke off diplomatic delations. Were we to apply one law to the Murder of kings and another to the murder of' a king's subjects ? In regard to the treatment of natives in the Congo Sir Edward Grey had threatened that if it continued the British government would be required to take action to safeguard its honour, and if we could do that for negroes in the Congo, surely we were J&orally bound to do it for Russians who were for liberty. (Applause.) Times were changed for the Labour movement with the {^coming of one and a half million miners who had given adherence to the Labour party. lApplause.) He did not say those miners were socialists, but they had cut themselves adrift '*om Liberalism and Toryism and had joined great organisation, through which working- olaS3 opinion found its expression. (Applause.) t was a far more difficult thing to get a Con- servative or Liberal working man to break Mth his own party ties and enlist under the Labour flag than it was to make a tnan a Socialist after he had enlisted. (Applause.( If they could only unite the solid tnass of working men in the country they \\>ould be irresistible in the councils of the Nation. \Hear, hear )
KOREAN-CHINESE FRONTIER. St. Petersburg, Monday.—The evening papers Publish a despatch from Nikolsk Ussurisk (Eastern Siberia), according to which Chinese ^rivals there state that 5,000 Chinese troops have been sent from Girin to the village of riendao (Chientao), on the Korean-Chinese rontier. The reason given for this demon- stration is the allegation that the Japanese have been taxing the inhabitants of the fUlage on the ground that the latter belongs *o Korea, whereas the Chinese Government JjJsists that Piendao is on Chinese territory. Jhe conduct of the Japanese, the telegram declares, is greatly resented by the Chinese in Maoeburi».—Ueutcr.
MISSING PRINCESS. Supposed to Have Eloped BELIEVED TO BE IN LONDON. Vienna, Monday.—An immense sensation has been caused here by the news of the dis- appearance of a young Austrian Princess. The Princess, who is only 24 years of age, has been missing since Saturday of last week, and is stated to have eloped with a motor-car agent. The matter was placed in the hands of the police immediately it was discovered that the Princess had left her home, and every effort is being made to trace the couple. It i, believed that they have proceeded direct to England, and that they are even now in London. It is stated that the Princess made the acquaintance of her lover in the spring of last year at Karlsbad. He was formerly an officer in the Austrian Army, but resigned his com- mission, and at the time the Princess met him he was acting as the agent of a motor company in Vieniia. Even when he left Vienna to take up a position in Mannheim the Princess's in- fatuation for him continued. The pair fre- quently corresponded, and it is believed that their decision to elope together was arrived at in the course of this correspondence. A short time ago the motor agent returned to Vienna, and had several meetings with the Princes for the purpose of arranging the de- tails of the elopement. Early on Saturday morning the lovers left Vienna by train, travelling via Germany, to England, with the intention, it is stated, of being married in London. On the same day her distressed family informed the police of her disappearance. Tlir Princess is a stepsister of a close personal friend of the German Emperor, and her bro- ther is said to be one of the secretaries of an Embassy in London.—Central News. According to what purports to be an official statement, the young lady's father is the head of a distinguished family, but he is not a Prince of the blood royal. The lady has been missing only since Saturday morning. It is not at all certain that she has eloped. She is a very h'gh-spirited girl, and some- what extravagant, and little differences with her parents may have induced her, in a foolish moment, to run away. The name of a young man with whom she was acquainted is being associated with her disappearance, but as a matter of fact no one, not even her parents, know the circumstances of her going away. She went out for a walk on Saturday morn- ing, and her whereabouts since have been a complete mystery. Detectives are watching at Dover, Folkestone, Newhaven, and other ports, and a look-out is also being kept at the stations in London. Although the Austro-Hungarian Embassy in London have received no official notification, the officials have been acquainted with the facts of the Princess's disappearance.
The Sudbrook Sensation. 7 UNCONSCIOUS BOY IN RIVER BED. Charges Against His Mother Dismissed. At Chepstow Police Court on Monday Mary Beasley (32), single woman, was brought up on remand charged with attempting to drown her son, George Griffiths Beasley, with intent to murder him, at Sudbrook, on 14th May defendant was further charged with attempt- ing to commit suicide. Mr Lyndon Cooper, Newport, appeared for defendant; Mr Moxon, Newport, held a watching brief on behalf of certain of prisoner's relatives. Lily McKenzie said she was the wife of Alexander McKenzie, a rigger, and sister of defendant. They all lived with their parents at 10, Camp-row, Sudbrook. On 14th May, between 9 and 10 o'clock at night, her sister came in, drenched, and said, Georgie's away with the tide." Witness asked where he really was, and defendant replied, Down where we get the seaweed," adding" Georgie's drowned," and then she collapsed. After she came round she said; "And I shall die to-night, too." Tbey took'her clothes off, put her by the fire, and offered her brandy, which she would not take, saying, I want to die to-night; I am blamed forleverything." Her brother George entered as she came round, and defendant ordered him out. Witness thought there was a dazed look about defendant, and she had been very quiet all day. Witness asked defendant next day if she wrote the paper produced, and she said Yes." By Mr Cooper Defendant had influenza badly about seven or eight weeks ago, and became very depressed. She was also worried about some dispute with her relatives. She was accused of having sent some post cards, and she was told a lawyer would be con- sulted, and that worried her very much. Ernest Wraight, evangelist, said that upon being apprised of defendant's story, he started off for the Severn, together with Bert Beasley, a boy. Eventual 1,y witness came upon the lad, George, between 10 and 20 yards from the edge of the water. He was lyin^ partly on his side and unconscious, but moaning a little. With assistance, witness carried him about 20 yards to a spot where the ground was more even. The lad, who appeared to have been in the water, was taken home. P.C. Day said that upon prisoner's clothing he found a piece of paper with "10, Camp-row, Sudbrook, near Chepstow" on one side, and on the other Polly Beasley and boy." Whilst watching prisoner on the Sunday following she complained to witness of pains in her head, and said I have been feeling very low lately, but I have not said anything to anyone I have been accused of sending letters and post cards by Mrs George Beasley. I know nothing at all about it." Shortly afterwards she said, My mind was in such a state that I don't know what I did. I can remember taking the boy down to the Severn. I picked him up in my arms and fell sideways into the water." Witness asked the boy George, in prisoner's presence, if ne could remember the, Thursday night and what happened, and he said, Mamma took me across road down the cliffs; she picked me up in her arms and fell sideways into the water. I can remember saying, Mamma, take me home, I am cold.' Mr Cooper, for the defence, contended that there was no direct evidence that prisoner put the boy in the water. Her statement and that of the boy was that she picked up the boy and fell into the water sideways. There were strong doubts in the case, and he asked the Bench not to commit her for trial, but to hand her over to her friends, who were ready to give an undertaking to take care of her in the future. The Bench said they did not think there was sufficient evidence to send prisoner for trial, and they hoped her friends would take charge of her and look after her. They also compli- mentefl Mr Wraight on his prompt action. The charges were dismissed.
PUBLIC AND PARLIAMENT. Three Things Wanting." Professor Masterman, in his concluding address on Saturday on the place of the House of Commons in national history, said the reason for the introduction of the custom of the House going into Committee was that the Speaker was very often a spy whose business it was to report to the King what Parliament had done, and so, to prevent that, the House turned the Speaker out of the chair and went into Committee. (Laughter.) It was this same reason which made Parliament averse to the publication of reports. The custom grew in the l £ th century of publishing imaginary debates, and Dr. Johnson spent some of his time in writing speeches of members with a degree of erudition of which they were not capable. (Laughter.) We have not really got complete control over the House of Commons," continued Pro- fessor Masterman, and there are at least three steps to be taken before we can claim that our House of Commons is in the fullest sense representative of the people." The first step was the extension of the franchise to that large class of the community that was at pre- sent disfranchised, though it was paying its share of the rates—(loud applause)—and edu- cating the citizens of the future. The second was the adoption of such measures as would make it possible for the poorest man in the country to devote his services to the public welfare if the public called him, to do so. (Ap- plause.) Lastly, there must be some kind of way whereby the verdict of the public on cer- tain great issues could be taken some kind of referendum was a necessary element in any democratic community. (Applause.)
TRADING BY POST. ■ To increase the facilities for trade in small articles within the Empire, the Postmaeter- General has been in negotiation with certain of the Colonies and dependencies for the estab. 1 shment of a mutual cash on delivery system. Under this system goods can be posted from this country and the money collected for the vendor by the post office at their destination and vice versa. The first of these services will be brought into operation on the 1st June next, and will be available between the United Kingdom and Egypt, Malta, Cyprus, and the British post offices at Constantinople, Smyrna, Beyrout, Salonica, and Tangier.
TRAGEDY OF HIGH MASS. New York, Monday.—While Father Lubeley was celebrating High MasS at one of the principal Roman Catholic churches in St. Louis yesterday morning, says the St. Louis correspondent of the Tribune," a well- dressed man darted up the chancel and stabbed him in the back, fatally wounding him. The priest's assailant, who is a well- known and wealthy member of the congrega- tion, is believed to be demented.—Centred News. _——
On Saturday afternoon while Mrs Richards, wife of Mr H. Richards, of Hoo-street, Port Tennant, was in a yard hanging clothes on a line, the ground suddenly gave wav and she fell into an old well, the existence of which was unknown, in which there was 4ft. of water. Her husband promptly extrirM'M fcwj, but tJM m au&mog from sbnrtfi-
Madman's Escape. KENT ASYLUM SENSATION., The escape of a dangerous lunatic from the asylum at Bexley Heath on Saturday has caused considerable excitement and alarm throughout the district of Kent, and the failure of his numerous pursuers to capture the missing man has intensified the fears of the in- habitants. Thomas Bradley had been an inmate of the asylum—which is situated on Dartford Heath —for about four years. He was subject to delusions, the most pronounced of which was that his relatives, notably his wife, were con- stantly persecuting him. Although he was not regarded asn. particularly dangerous person in the institution to others, it is feared that now he is at large he may seek out his rela- tives and attempt to wreak vengeance upon them for his imaginar grievances. At the asylum Bradley was confined in one of the special danger wards, where he was kept under the strictest observation. A warder visited him at intervals of one hour throughout the day and night. Notwithstand- ing this close supervision he succeeded in de- ceiving the attendants and escaping from the building unobserved. For this enterprise Bradley chose the early hours of the morning. He was missed between five and six o'clock. The manner of his escape, which was very ingeniously planned and executed, confirms the statement of the asylum officials that Bradley was both skilful and crafty. It sug- gested the cleverness of a "cracksman." He removed one of the panels of his bedroom door wii h a neatness that was the cause of general astonishment. Then, getting through the opening, Bradley snatched his clothes, which were placed over- night in the corridor, and quickly dressed. He next made his way to a ward at the rear of the premises which overlooked a plantation. The window was securely fastened down with screws specially to prevent tho escape of in- mates. Bradley took out the screws, threw up the window, and, leaping a distance of 10 or 12 feet, alighted on the ground below. Close to the asylum are three main roads, leading to Bexley, Dartford, and Wilmington, and the presumption is that the lunatic made his way in the direction of North London, where his wife Erniiy lives. Failing this, there is just a possibility that he has set off for the Kent fruit fields in quest of employment. When the fact of his escape became known a large number of asylum warders, a corps of cyclists, the police, and many of the residents of the neighbourhood made up a search party. They scattered in various directions over a radius of many miles. After a fatiguing hunt of 12 hours the warders returned to the asylum on Saturday night with no news of their quarry.
ORGANISED AGRICULTURE. THE MONMOUFHSHIRE CHAMBER. Co-operation Prospects. The monthly meeting of the Monmouthshire Chamber of Agriculture took place at Usk on Monday, the president (Mr E. L. Lyne) in the chair. Mr S. T. Griffin referred to the in- creasingly heavy expenditure in the upkeep of the main roads, largely owing to heavy trac- tion engines and motor-care. He thought some allowance ought to be made from the National Exchequer towards the upkeep of these roads. They were paying in the county this year some £3,000 to £4,000 extra, and this was only a feeler." He moved that the Central Board should be petitioned to take up the question, and endeavour to obtain a grant from the Exchequer to relieve local taxation. Mr C. D. Phillips did not think the Newport Corporation had paid the attention due to the subject of enforcing the adoption of the Dogjs Act in that town. The Chamber re- presented over 700 agriculturists, and their resolution asking for the enforcing of the law ought to receive further consideration. Mr S. T. Griffin. Llangibby, said arofind Pontypool there had recently been no fewer than 15 or 20 convictions for sheep worrying by dogs. It was resolved to ask the Newport Watch Com- mittee to reconsider the matter in view of the large amount of damage done around Newport by sheep worrying. Mr Wm. Tod, chief organiser of the Agricul- tural Organisation Society, delivered an ad- dress on "Agricultural co-operation." Farmers, he said, had come to realise that they must combine, and an excellent way was by forming local co-operative societies affiliated to a central body. Mr C. D. Phillips proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and agreed with his remarks. He was afraid, however, there would be difficulty in getting local farmers to co-operate, judging by the little con- sideration they showed for themselves in neg- lecting the meetings of the Chamber. The President seconded. He thought the vmall farmers in Monmouthshire would benefit by such a system, and was of opinion there ought not to be much difficulty in making a success of the scheme in the county.
BRIDGEND TRADESMEN'S SIGN. Interesting Point of Law. Messrs Morgan Bros., marine store dealers, Bridgend, were summoned on Saturday at Bridgend Police Court for not keeping proper books describing the goodsthpy purchased and the names and addresses of the persons from whom the goods were bought. Inspector Benjamin Evans said that he visited defend- ants' stores in Coity-road, and found that the particulars entered in the book kept were insufficient and not in accordance with the requirements of the Merchant Shipping Act. In reply to Mr Archibald Daniel (Messrs W. R. Davies and Co., Pontypridd), who defended, Inspector Evans said tha.t.. there was a sign describing defendants as marine store dealers above their stores in Bridgend. Mr Daniel submitted that defendants were not marine store dealers, and were, therefore, not obliged to keep these books under the Merchant Shipping Act. He contended that defendants were rag and old metal merchants, and came under the Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861, which did not require that these books should be kept unless specially required by the justices. The defendants had put the sign Marine Store Dealers over their premises I under a misapprehension of the law, and because Inspector Evans )old them that if they did not do so they would be liable to a fine of £20. The Chairman (Mr R. W. Llewellyn) said the Bench were satisfied that as defendants had the sign over their premises they were marine store dealers.) Mr Daniel asked the Bench to make a note of his point of law, as there might be an appeal. He then submitted that the books as kept com- plied with the law. The Bench held that a technical offence had been committed, and defendants were fined £2.
SUFFOCATED IN A CESSPOOL On Monday afternoon Mr Deputy Coroner John Roberts and a jury inquired into the circumstances under which Frederick Stanley Longhurst, the 14 months old son of parents living in the Long Mains, Monkton, lost his life. It appeared that the mother left the child to play in the garden and was away only five minutes. When she returned she found him face upwards in an unprotected cesspool. Efforts were made by a seaman pensioner named Cole to restore animation by the Life- boat Institution method pending the arrival of the doctor, but without avail. The jury found a verdict of Accidentally suffocated," and the Coroner recommended the father to fill the pit, which had only six or eight inches of water at the time of the occurrence. Eleven children had been reared in the same house by the parents.
ALLEGED BLOW WITH POKER. At Neath County Police Court on Monday Francis Matthews, tinworker, Old-road, Skewen, was brought up in custody and charged with unlawfully wounding his wife by striking her on the head with a poker on Saturday last. Mrs Davies, a neighbour, said she heard screams, and rushing into defen- dant's back garden she saw Matthews throw- ing the poker at his wife. The latter was on the ground, and defendant kicked and stamped upon her, inflicting wounds on the head and face. She screamed for assistance, which eventually came, and the woman was con- veyed in a fainting condition to a neighbour's house. P.S. Jones rendered first aid and staunched the bleeding, and then sent for a doctor. When charged prisoner denied striking his wife with the poker. He was re- manded in custody until Friday next, his wife being too ill to appear.
ANOTHER MAN'S LICENCE At Llandaff on Monday Charles Wynne was summoned for fishing in the Llanishen Reservoir on April 18th and May 2nd. Mr F. W. Ensor prosecuted for the Cardiff Corporation, and said that defendant had used another man's licence without disclosing the fact, leading the bailiff to suppose that he was the holder of the permit. Wynne said he had no intention of deceiving the authorities, but his friend, who was the real owner, had met with an accident, and had passed the wjiole of his tackle and licences over J to defendant. He added that his friends, with ■ whom he fished, addressed him as Mr Wynne," and he made no attempt to conceal his identity. A fine of 10s and costs was im- posed in each case.
CARDIFF MAN'S TROUBLES. A sad story was told the Cardiff Coroner (Mr W. L. Yorath) on Monday by Thomas Jos. Darke, a labourer living in Craddock-street. Only two or three months ago he lost his wife through a burning accident, and now he was called upon to give evidence concerning the death of his daughter, nine months old. The little one, it was said, had been delicate from birth, and had been in the care of a young girl named Smith. It was found dead in bed on Friday morning. Dr. Martin, who saw the child a day or two before, said the cause of death was convulsions, and the jury returned |•verdict accordingly. i I
Yachting Disaster. a THREE LIVES LOST IN THE CLYDE. The Firth of Forth at Gourock, a popular yachting centre, was the scene on Sunday morning of a sad boating accident, which re- sulted in three lives being lost. Starting from Cardwell Bay in a 16-feet racing craft, which was built this season by two of the party, four men hoisted sail and set out for Strove Point, a few miles across the Fi th. When about half the distance had been com- pleted the yacht was struck by a sudden squall and capsized, the occupants being thrown into the water. Several boats put off from the Gourock shore with all despatch, and on arriving alongside the partly-submerged yacht only one man could be seen. He had saved his life by clinging to the mast. Taken ashore, the rescued man was found to be little the worse for the ordeal through which he had passed. In an interview, he said he witnessed the drowning of a companion, who, hampered by heavy clothing and boots, was unable to swim back to the mast, which lay on the surface of the water. When the yacht had been towed ashore one of the coastguards at Gourock dis- covered a body in the well of the boat. All the sails were set and the sheets made fast when the craft overturned. The drowned yachtsmen, who resided at Gourock, were Anthony Ayton, Thomas Bur- rows, and John Macmillan. The latter was a married man with a grown-up family, while Ayton leaves a widow and one child. The only survivor is James Pattison, who hails from Paisley.
CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS. Dashed into Horse and Cart. Vn exciting incident occurred on the G.W.R. nc;ir Burry Port on Saturday. Mr Morgan Prickett. of the Emporium, Pembrey, was returning from Towyn Farm and district, and was obliged to go over the farmers' accommo- dation railway crossing opposite Penybedd Marsh, distant a mile and a half from Burry Port; and as he was closing the gate his chest- nut horse took along the cart.. For 20 yards in Burry Port direction there is a bend on the line, and consequently neither Mr Prickett nor the driver of the mid-day boat express for Fishguard saw anv danger, and before anyone could avert an accident, the locomotive, which was going at high speed, dashed into the horse and, cart, and carried both along for some 80 yards ere the driver could pnll up the engine, the right hand buffer and the head light of which were knocked clean off, and the vaceum pipe damaged, whilstpieces of the f.nimal were wedged in various parts of the e -.y inc. Mr Prickett sustained a blow on the chin from one of the splints of the shattered cart. hut, for- tunately, no passenger or official was injured, and the AberystVyth slip coach, which was due at Carmarthen at 1.25, was only delayed 25 minutes, during the substitution of a perfect engine. The horse, which was killed, was valued at £35. Cyclists in Collision. While Mr Brinley Thomas, of Campbell- street, Llanelly, was cycling in Carmarthen- road, Swansea, on Saturday, he collided with Mr William Williams, of iviynydd Bach y Glo, who was cycling in the opposite direction. Mr Thomas sustained a fracture of the arm, but Mr Williams escaped uninjured. Crash Through Window. A serious accident occurred on Sunday morning at Newport. A youth, Harry White (17), 28, Bailey-street, lost control of his bicycle while riding down Bridge-street. He endeavoured to take the sharp turn round the. front of the Queen's Hotel, but ran on the footpath. The brake would not act and he dashed against the shop window of Mr Hovey, newsagent, and was thrown violently over the handle-bars, head first, through the plate-glass window. He was taken home andattended by Dr. McGinn, who found the youth suffering from a bad cut on the right side of the fore- head, and bruised shoulder. Saved by Lifeguard, A child was knocked down by a tramcar in Corporation-road, Newport, on Saturday, the little one having run J'h front of the car. The driver immediately put down the life-guard, which caught the child and saved it from serious injury. Horse in* a Shop Window. On Sunday as Mr Isaac Walters, land- lord of the Plough Hotel, Abcraman, was driving through Canon-street in a trap with his daughter, when the horse took fright, and rushing down the street came into collision with a lamp-post, which snapped off. The horse bolted into the window of Messrs Masters, the outfitters, at the bottom of the street. Mr Walters jumped off the trap a little higher up the street and attempted to get at the horse's head, but failed to do so. The trap was completely smashed and the girl was thrown out and sustained a very severe shock, but happily no bones were broken. Fell Through Skylight. A lad, Alex Tilman, in the. employ of Messrs Nott, plumbers, while ejagpiged en Saturday at the workshop in the Parade, Swansea, over- balanced and fell through a skylight, sustain- ing injuries to the head, face, and chest, which, however, were not so serious as to necessitate detention at the Hospital. Railway Fatality at Abercrave. Early on Sunday morning the body of a man, whose head was badly injured and left leg broken, was found just outside Abercrave Station (Neath and Brecon Railway). De- ceased, who was about 5ft. 7in. in height and 36 years of age, had only arrived in the place a few days. He had worked two days at the International Colliery, and went under the name of J. Lavland. He had informed some of his fellow-workmen that he was a member of the Monmouthshire Militia. Deceased left the Abercrave Inn about 10 o'clock the pre- vious evening and had to cross the line from the station to get to the works' sheds, where he had been staying the previous nights. Peculiar Newport Mishap. A peculiar accident occurred on Saturday at Newport. A milk vendor, upon leaving his horse and cart in the street, for safety tied the reins to the cart wheel. The horse backed, tightened the reins, and threw itself and the cart over. The reins were so tight that the horse was being strangled, and the reins had to be cut to save it.
STONE DUST AVALANCHE. The Porthgain Fatality. An inquest touching the death of James Lewis Richards, who lost his life at Porthgain Works through being buried in dust, was held on Monday by Mr Ivor Evans, Coroner for the district. Levi Thomas, Black Lion, Llanrhian, said he was loading stone dust at Porthgain on the 20th inst. deceased assisting him. A large quantity of the dust fell out from the lower portion of the heap, which fell against him. He was carried against the wall and was jammed. He looked for deceased, and saw him sliding down on the top of the fall, feet foremost, and buried in the dust. Deceased exclaimed that he was smothering. Witness took hold of him with his right hand and scraped off the dust from his face. The dust was continually com- ing down, and was by now up to witness's neck, and he could do nothing more for de- ceased. He called for help, but, owing to the heavy sound of the crusher, his cries could not be heard for some time. At length assistance came, and the shoot was opened, and deceased went through first, but by this time he was dead. Witness had worked in that bin scores of times, but had never seen such an occurrence before. As a rule the dust stuck, and they had difficulty to move it. He did not think there was danger where they were working. Thomas Bowen, Velindre, contractor of the works, corroborated the concluding evidence of the last witness. Mr F. N. White, mines and quarry inspector, Swansea, and Mr Free, works manager, and Superintendent Brinn, Fishguard, watched the proceedings. The Coroner remarked that in face of what had now happened it would not be unfair to ask the contractor not to employ any lads on this work p,gain. I The contractor said he would certainly comply with the Coroner's request, and was sorry that this unfortunate accident should have occulted. The jury brought in a verdict of Asphyxia. accidentally caused."
BABY DROWNING MYSTERY. I • An Extraordinary Affair. At Crockleford, near Colchester, on Monday an inquest was held into an extraordinary case. Annie Smith, aged 12, on Sunday wheeled her infant sister out in a perambula- tor, and returned with her eyes blackened and arms hady bruised. She stated that a Sunday school fellow named HildA. Pettican had drowned the baby and had nearly drowned her also "in some water kpown as Solomon's Pond. The baby was found dead on the bank of the pond., The girl stoutly repeated her story before the coroner on Monday, when an inquest on the baby was held, but the accused girl Petti- can asserted that after she left Annie Smith she heard the latter scream, God help me," and going back she found Annie Smith with the baby and the perambulator in the pond, and Annie told her that in reaching for some lilac she fell with the perambulator into the water. Annie Smith totally denied this, and said Pettican beat her unmercifully in the pond. The inquest was adjourned for inquiry into the history of the two girls.
BANK MANAGER'S CRIME. At Bolton on Monday, William Edward Bentley, bank manager, employed at the Farnworth branch of the United Bank of Manchester, was sentenced to four months' hard labour for embezzlement. Prisoner had embezzled over £1,100 pounds on various occasions, suspicion being averted by bags which should have contained gold only con twining silver. I
Empire Day. CHURCH PARADES AT CARDIFF. Local Volunteers observed Empire Day at Cardiff on Sunday by holding church parades. The Cardiff, Penarth, and Barry detachments of the Glamorgan and Pembroke Royal Garri- son Artillery mustered in good numbers at the Drill Hall, Dumfries- jlace, and presented a smart appearance. The officers present were Major J. J. Handcock (in commandj, Major A. C. Tweedy, Major W. B. Bradley, Captains A. T. Gibson and H. Vyvyan-Robins on, Captain and Adjutant J. E. G. Follett, Hon. Captain Richards, Lieut. Boole, and Lieut. Ferrier, together with the senior chaplain, the Rev. A. Henderson, B.A. The garrison band, under the conductorship of Mr T. J. Coughlin, and the Barry Bugle Band played alternately to St. J ohn's Church, which was filled. The garrison band played in excellent style, as an opening voluntary, the solo and chorus, Jerusalem (Gounod's Gallia "), Sergeant T. Keefe being the cornet soloist, also the accompaniments to the hymns, All hail the power of Jesu's Name," 0, God, our Help in ages past," and Rejoice to-day with one accord." They also played the National Anthem, and, as a con- cluding voluntary, The Queen's Grand Solemn March (Riviere). The Rev. A. Henderson was the preacher, arid taking as his text But ye are an holy nation," he made special reference to Empire Day. He said the anniversary of the birthday of Queen Victoria was being observed far and wide that day as Empire Day, and he ventured to think that in a few years it would be accepted and recognised by the State. It was not in the least meant to foster what was called jingoism. Patriotism would always urge men like" those of the Territorial Army to the defence of a. country. Empire Day was meant to remind them of the great mission which they believed God had laid upon their nation in the worfd, to enlarge their sense of responsibility to teach all the Empire's subjects Christian duty and brotherhood, and to fill them with thanksgiv. ing to Almighty God. Christianity did not lay down what was the best form of government, but, whatever the form, the New Testament did insist upon the duty of obedience. They were not to be a jaw to themselves, but they were to submit to the higher powers, for the powers that vbe were ordained of God. The State maintained the minimum of morality. But it was where the State stopped short that Chris- tianity stepped in. The Church of England insisted upon a love of the Son of Man as the one ideal. Without Christianity there could be no ideal of a holy nation. It was only Chris- ianity that could save a nation. The 7th battalion of the newly-formed Welsh Cyclists held their first church parade on Sunday. To the number of between 40 and 50, they mustered, with their cycles, at the Drill Hall, in Dumfries-place, prior to the parade of the Volunteer Artillery. They looked exceedingly well in their serviceable uniform, and accomplished a few movements smartly. Major C. L. Wilson was in command, and the other officers present were Captain H. G. G. Cook, and Major and Adjutant J. Tigar. The battalion, which is rapidly gaining in popular favour, cycled to St. Andrew's Church, Dinas Powi", where a sermon appro- priate to Empire Day was delivered by the Rector. After the service, Major Wilson hospit- ably entertained the men to lunch on the lawn of his residence at Dinas Powis, and the weather being beautifully fine, they spent a quietly enjoyable time, returning to Cardiff late in the afternoon. The Union Jack was flying over the Law Courts and City Hall and old Town Hall, on Sunday, in celebration of Empire Day. Newport. Empire Day Was observed at Newport on Sunday by the Territorial infantry and artillery. There was a good muster, and a large number of, spectators witnessed the parade. The infantry attended Maindee Church, and the artillery, St. Paul's, where special serviceswere held. In the afternoon there Was a combined church parade of the Boys' Brigade and the Church Naval Brigade. Swansea. At Swansea flags were flown from the public buildings, while the veterans and telegraph messengers marched to Trinity Church and attended divine service. Have rfg rd west. On Saturday flags were displayed in the principal streets of Haverfordwest, and on Sunday morning the Mayor and Corporation attended Divine service at St. Mary's Church, when the vicar (Rev. J. H. Davies) preached an appropriate sermon. Uwydcoed. Llwydcoed alone in theAberdarc Valley cele- brated Empire Day this year. The villagers had prettily decorated their houses and the streets with flags and bunting, and the whole of the school children were entertained to tea by Mr Windsor Lewis, the owner of the Aber- nant estate. The children, under the conduc- torship of Mr J. Griffiths, the head master, assisted by Mrs Stephens, the head mistress, sang patriotic songs, and the banner which was presented to the school a year ago by Mr Windsor Lewis was unfurled by Mr J. Comley, Llwydcoed Farm, the agent of the estate, amid cheers. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr Lewis for his generosity, on the motiod of Mr Griffiths, seconded by Mrs Stephens and supported by the Rev. W. S. Davies. Mr J. Comley briefly responded. On the motion of the Rev. R. Jones, vicar of St. Fagan's, seconded by Mrs D. M Richards, a vote of thanks was accorded the teachers for their assistance. Kidwelly. In the ancient borough of Kidwelly, Empire Day was observed with great spirit. The town was profusely decorated with bunting and garlands, and the Mayor (Councillor W. Wilkins) gave all the school children a treat. A procession was formed of the children, and headed by Llansaint Silver Prize Band, they visited the residence of the Mayor, and the principal streets were paraded. Nearly every child carried a flag. Tea was provided in each of the schools, and the Mayor also presented each child with a commemoration mug. Aberdare Minister's Criticism. Preaching at Tabernacle Congregational Church, Aberdare, on Sunday evening the Rev. J. Morgan Jones, M.A., the pastor, dwelling upon the Empire of Christ, said that to him it was an ominous sign of the times that many people wanted to celebrate the British Empire by setting a day apart. It was a sign of the decay of an Empire, a sign of the loss of the first fresh power, and the first fresh enthusiasm, which had made the Empire. They had had enough of Imperialism, and some of them were sick of it. What was wanted was the spirit underlying it. The best thing in connection with Empire Day was the inspira- tion to hold it on the birthdav of Queen Vic- toria, and he hoped that in all celebrat ons the characteristics of that Queen would be m- pressed upon the children. In political em- pire, as well as n the Christian empire,, em- phasis should be laid upon loyalty, liberty, and responsibility. Ten by. Empire Day was celebrated at Tenby by special services in the Parish Church on Sun- day. The morning service was attended by the Mayor "Apd Corporation, accompanied by the borough officials and clergy, magistrates, coastguard, Yeomanry, fire brigade, and other representative of public bodies. The rector of Tenby (the Rev. N. C. Ram, M.A.) preached upon the obligations of Empire. On Monday the school children were given a half-holiday. Swansea Schools Celebration. Empire Day was observed at the Swansea Council Schools on Monday, when the various head teachers at morning school carried out a programme arranged by a sub-committee of the Education Authority. This included sug- gestions that matters dealing with the history and geography of the Empire, racial charac- teristics, manners, customs, etc., 9f the peoples of the British Empire should form the instruc- tive part of the celebration, while, on the recreative side there should be songs and reci- tations having association with Wales, Scot- land, Ireland, and the singing of the National Anthem. The Trades and Labour Council had called in the organised workers to withdraw their children, but this only slightly interfered with the celebration. In the afternoon a general holiday in the schools was declared.
OTTER HOUNDS. Mr Clay's Hounds. Mr Clay's hounds bad a good day at Mon- mouth, working the Trothy and killed a young dog otter of mibs., one hour and 40 minutes from the find. Mr Hastings Clay, the master, had out with him Mr W. B. Pilkington, Mr C. E. G. Pilkington and party, Ross-on-Wye; Mr W. C. Addams Williams, Llangibby; Mr Tre- harne Rees and party, Malpas, Newport; Miss Sanford, Triley Court, Abergavenny Mr S. H. Deakin and party, Mr Lucy, Mr J. Thompson, and Mr Thompson, junior, Ross-on-Wye Mr Pryce-Jenkins and party, Raglan; Mr H. Howell, Wonastow Mr Nelson Ward, Raglan; Miss Somerset, Raglan; Mrs Hyam, Mon- mouth; Mr E. A. Onslow. Newent: Mr Davies, Redhill Farm; and Mr C. Lee, Mitchel Troy. A couple of hundred yards above Troy station hounds took the water and drew up, soon after hitting a drag and finding at Jingle-street beyond Mitchel Troy. With the exception of two or three bursts down stream he kept his mask against the water and after a real good hunt hounds killed on Redhill Farm, close to Dingestow. Miss Somerset, Raglan, was pre- sented with the rudder and Mrs Hyam, Mon- mouth, with the mask. The stream for a couple of miles beyond Dingestow was after- wards worked but without result.
PROFITS £12,000,000, The annual report oi the Co-operative Union, which will be considered at the forthcoming Co-operative Congress to be held at Newport, has just been issued to delegates. It indicates a record growt.h in 1 he volume of co-operat ive trade. Co-operative societies in the United Kingdom atthe end of 1907 numbered 1,582. or 14 less than the year previous. This decrease is attributable to the absorption of a number of small struggling societies by larger ones. The societies have a\i aggregate of member- ship of 2,434,085. or an increase of 101,331 for the 12 months. The net profit increased'from mo.974,995 to £12,003,341. 1
The Miners' Executive. MEETING AT CARDIFF. WIll QUESTION OF REGISTRATION AGENTS. The Executive Council of the South Wales Miners Federationmet at Cardiff on Monday, Mr W. Abraham, M.P., presiding. Mr T. Richards, M.P. (general secretary). and Mr Alf. Onions (treasurer) were among those present. Darren Colliery.—Alderman John Thomas reported that a dispute existed at Darren Colliery in consequence of the introduction of coal-cutting machinery and the failure to agree as to cutting prices. The workmen had now given notice to terminate contracts. It was resolved that Mr Tom Lucas should accompany Alderman John Thomas with the view of try- ing t o effect a settlement, and also to investi- gate the workmen's claim fur strike pay in the event of a stoppage. Morlais Colliery, Western District.—An ap- plication was received from the Morlais Colli- ery, Western District, for permission to tender notices on June 1st. It was resolved that they be informed that inasmuch as a month had not elapsed (in accordance with the Conciliation Board agreement) since the arbitrators had re- ported failure to agree, permission to tender notices on June 1st could not be given. Strike Pay.—Applications for strike pay were received from two collieries in the Wes- tern District, but the matters were deferred in consequence of the absence of the district re- presentatives. Registration Agents. — The Registration Committee reported having met, and recom- mended the appointment for the present of three general registration agents. The Coun- cil accepted the recommendation, and the committee was instructed to draft the neces- sary scheme for their appointment. The coal- field area will be divided between the three registration agents, and their duty will be to superintend the work of registration carried out in the districts. Wage Committee.—The General Wage Com • mittee reported having met, and they sub- mitted the statistics for output and prices up- to-date. Special Committee.—The following represen- tatives were appointed to meet an equal num- ber of representatives of the owners to con- sider certjftu matters to be referred to them by the Conciliation Board :—Messrs D. Watts- Morgan, Vernon Hartshorn, J. D. Morgan, Enoch Morrell, Alfred Onions, Ben Davies, with the chairman and secretary as ex-officio. The Sanitary Institute.—A letter was read from the Lord Mayor of Cardiff asking for financial assistance for meeting the expenses of the Sanitary Institute Congress to be held in Cardiff. It was resolved that the letter lie on the table. Windber and Bwllfa.—A letter was received from the Windber and Bwllfa Colliery work- men, who have been on strike for some time in consequence of their objection to sub-contract- ing, and who are being financed by the Aher- dare district. It was resolved to make a grant of JE100 to assist the Aberdare district.
TORY TACTICS AT CARDIFF. Staffing of the Schools. Mr J. A. Lovat Fraser mad< a daring attempt at the Cardiff Education Committee on Monday to override the regulations of the Education Authority, despite the emphatic protests of Alderman Lewis Morgan, the chairman, and attempted to secure for the Clarence-road Infants' School (non-provided) a certificated teacher instead of the uncertificated teacher recommended. He alleged that provided and non-provided schools were not treated alike, and compared the staffing of the Clarence-road School with that of the Allensbank Infant School (provided). Comparing the attendance at the two schools, he alleged that the latter was unduly costly to the ratepayers. In the week ending May 8th, the average attendance at Clarence-road was 150, and the school staff consisted of one certificated, one uncertificated, and two supplementary teachers, with a total cost of £325, working out at an average per child of £2 3s 4d. In the Allensbank School there was an average attendance in April of 158, while thestaff consisted of one certificated, four uncertificated, and four pupil teachers, the total cost be.ng £612, and the average cost per ch id £3176. They should bring the two schools on a better level, otherw se he should consider the Clarence-road school very much 1Ulderstaffcd, or the Council school at Allens- bank very much overstaffed- It was very evident they were not treating the provided and non-provided schools al;ke. Mr A. G. Kirk seconded. Mr J. J. Jackson, the director of education, gave the actual number of pupils taught by each teacher, showing that each school was properly staffed, and added that the pupil teachers did not count as part of the staff. He further pointed out that Allensbank was a new school, built to accommodate 400. The average attendance was 199. There were only five teachers there besides the pupil teachers, and the authority would be very glad to put in four pupil teachers in every Voluntary school, but they did not want them. Proceed- ing, he said that the accommodation for Clarciice-roai was 160, and if they went over I that they were liable to be fined. The Chairman said that at present they were bound by their regulations, and by granting an uncertificated teacher for Clarence- road they would provide a teaching staff for 175. If Mr Fraser wished to compare the schools he should compare Clarence-road with Eleanor-street and South Church-street, hich had accommodation for 200, and not with Allensbank, with accommodation for 400. In the smaller schools the head teacher counted for 30, but not in the larger schools. Mr Jackson said the cost of the schools should not be compared, for the te lchers at Allensbank had been in their service for many years, and consequently were entitled to .higher salaries under the scale than those who had been taken over. The supplementary teachers at Cl'arence-road were besides veiy excellent teachers, but they could. not be paid high salaries because they were supplemen- tary, The Chairman said that it was a very awk. ward thing to state that they were not treating the provided and the non-provided schools alike. He had gone into the figures, and dis- covered that in each instance where the charge was made it turned out to be incorrect. Mr Jackson said that he never thought of the schools as provided and non-provided. Mr Kirk said that the explanation as to the cost was to him quite satislactory. Mr Lovat Fraser said that he was not satis- fied. Mr Chappell pointed out that there were many teachers in the provided schools struggling with classes of 60 and 70 children. He would be glad to get Mr Fraser to support him in future when he tried to improve their position. Mr Fraser's amendment was lost. Severn-road Infants School A long discussion took place relative to the accommodation at Severn-road School.—Coun. H. M. Thompson submitted a series of motions, the first of which was to the effect that four new classrooms be erected on the site now occupied by the old Tramway Depot. He stated that Do great many infants failed to get admission to yevern-road because they were already over-crowded.—Mr John Chappell seconded. Councillor Stanfield thought the difficulties would be met by a scheme under consideration by the Technical Committee to provide a Day Technical School in Cardiff, which would greatly relieve the congestion in the upper classes of all the schools and in turn relieve the congestion in the infants schools. Alderman F. J. Beavan thought the director should invite those parents of infa.nts living near the schools where there was accommo- dation to attend those schools, and eventually the whole matter was referred to a special committee to be further considered. -1-
FLOODS IN TEXAS. New York. Monday.—A telegram from Dallas (Texas) says the village, of West Dallas is partly submerged owing to the rise of Trinity river, and the inhabitants are taking refuge on higher ground. One person has been drowned. Flood conditions prevail in many parts of Texas and Oklahoma, costing several lives and causing great destruction of property. A later message states that a section of the Texas and Pacific Railway bridge across the river at Dallas has gone down, six persons being drowned by its collapse.—Reuter. Later.—Every available city employee has been called out to assist in the rescue of the residents in the flooded districts, and a pro- clamation has been issued by the mayor closing the saloons. The level of the river is the highest known, and it is estimated that I,000 persons are homeless in Dallas and West Dallas.—Reuter.
FALL OVER OLIFF AT SOLVA. Boy's Remarkable Escape. On Saturday afternoon a young boy, nine years old, named Brinley Davies, son of Mr and Mrs Rhys Davies, Ship Hotel, met with a serious accident. The lad was gathering flowers on the Gribyn, and while reaching to pick a flower overbalanced, with the result that he fell a distance of nearly thirty feet. His father was on the quay when the accident occurred, and rushed across the harbour, waist high in water, to pick up the lad, and when he found that it was his own son he was quite overcome. Medical aid was summoned. There was a big -gash over the boy's left eye, which had to be stitched, and his face had otherise received damage. It is marvellous that the accident did not prove fatal.
SHELTEFTFOR BARfiY ISLAND. At a general meeting of the Barry Public Works and Licensing Committee on Monday night, Councillor W. R. Lee presiding, the question of providing a shelter on Barry Island was considered. In the discussion re- specting the proposed provision of marquees at the back of the sands it was stated that this was impracticable. It was agreed to ask the surveyor to prepare an estimate and plan for building a wooden structure, the cost of which should not exceed JE600, and that in the mean- time a sub-committee should see Mr R. Forrest, J.P., as to the selection of a suitable site for this structure-
Tariff Reform Canard. CLAIMING MR LLOYD GEORGE AS AN ADHERENT. Latest Rumour Unmitigated Rubbish. v According to the Financial News" there was a persistent and well-defined rumour in the City on Friday night to the effect that; Mr Lloyd George would shortly make a pronounce- ment indicating a decided change of personal opinion in the direction of Tariff Reform, several features of the policy of the right hon. gentleman being pointed out as foreshadowing the coming pronouncement. Our contemporary adds :—We give the re- port with all resarve, but its circulation among and acceptance by well-informed people entitle it to more than the perfunctory attention which is given to the ordinary ephemeral gossip of the City. The report docs not suggest any breach between Mr Lloyd George and his colleagues on the subject of Tariff Reform. It rather poinl s to the acquisition by the Tariff Reform movement of a strong sympathiser in the inner circle of the Government, able and willing to show that the line of cleavage be- tween Tariff Reform and Free Trade is not necessarily that between "Unionist and Radical. Mr Lloyd George Interviewed. In connection with the above rumour a special representative of the South Wales Daily News saw Mr Lloyd George in Edin. burgh on Saturday evening immediately after the right hon. gentleman had spoken at the great temperance meeting at the King's Theatre. Mr Lloyd George indignantly declined to discuss such idle gossip, and dis- missed the report with the contemptuously emphatic words, It is unmitigated rubbish.
MERTHYR FAMILY DISPUTE. BOTH SIDES TELLING THE TRUTH. Judge Bryn Roberts's Tribute. At Merthyr County Court on Saturday Judge Bryn Roberts concluded the hearing of a case commenced on Friday, in which Mrs Sarah Richards, 56, Gilfach Cynon, Merthyr, sought to recover the sum of £130 from Mrs Williams, 1, Evans-terrac £ Twynrodyn. Mr Simons appeared for the plaintiff and Mr Charles for the defendant. It was stated that both plaintiff and defend- ant had been married twicc, Hopkin Lewis, plaintiff's son bv her first marriage, being de- fendant's first husband. A sum of £130 saved by the plaintiff from the profits of a small bakery which she carried on for many years, was lent by her first to a church at Treharris, and then to one at Abercynon. In 1904 Hop- kin Lewis asked her if he might have the money to buy a house. It was agreed that the house should be bought. But thei deed was prepared in the son's name, and the plaintiff. rather than cause a disturbance, declined to allow a question to be raised about it The rent of the house that was purchased was paid to the plaintiff, until the defendantandHopkin Lewis went to live at the house that had been purchased, when the plaintiff went with them. Hopkin Lewis died suddenly, and plaintiff's Son-in-law raised a question as to the owner- ship of the house, and informed defendant that it belonged to the plaintiff. No question was afterwards raised as to the ownership until the defendant married a second time. Defendant said that her first husband told her he bought the house for her to live in, and no suggestion was made that the house was not Hopkin Lewis's until his death. Judgment was entered by consent for JE107 10s, each party paying her own costs. His Honour said he had never before known a. family dispute in which it seemed to him that both parties were telling the truth. He did not suspect either side of stating the least bit of untruth in this case. Compensation Claim Fails. Archibald McGilfray, labourer, Railway- street, Cardiff, claimed compensation for total incapacity from the Powell Duffrvn Colliery Company. «Mr Sidney Simons was for the applicant and Mr Charles Kenshole for the respondents. The applicant stated that when on April 3rd he was wheeling a barrow full of stone at the Penallta sinkings he slipped off a plank aDd so strained himself that he was incapacitated. Medical evidence was called in support of applicant's story, and medical evidence on the other side supported a theory that he was suffering from muscular rheuma.- tism. A labourer, Tom Smith, called by Mr Kenshole, said that when he saw the appli- cant suffering pain on the morning of tha accident he asked him what was the matter, and was told by applicant that something had taken him in the back and he did not know what it was. His Honour said he was not satisfied that anaccident had occurred, and no notice had been given, so there would be an award for the respondents.
RAILWAY CLERKS. M.P. Says their Wages are Disgraceful. The railway clerks of the country are ventila- ting their grievances at Birmingham, where their annual conference opened on Saturday afternoon. Mr G. Latham, of Norwich, presided over 110 delegates, representing over 10,000 members. Mr G. J. Wardle, M.P.. speaking as an old railway clerk who found salvation by leaving the service, said the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants was in hearty sympathy with them and their work. He urged the members not to play at combination. There could he no doubt that the salaries paid to railway clerks were a disgrace. An* inquiry into the whole -subject of superannuation would shortly take place. He thought it was an injustice that no representative of the 600,000 railway clerks of the country was placed on the Commission ap- pointed with regard to the nationalisation of railways. The conference expressed thanks to the Board of Trade for appointing an Inter-Departmental Committee to inquire into the constitution, rules, administration, and financial position of railway superarmuation funds; and Mr Weaver (Wolverhampton) asked Mr Wardle, M.P., to do what he could to secure the payment of in- terest when subscriptions to the superannua- tion fund were returned to dismissed clerks. Gratitude was expressed to the Great North- ern, Midland and North-Eastern Companies I for conceding payment for Sunday duty and the conference authorised the association to do all possible to bring other companies into line. Revolting stories of the insanitary and dirty conditions of many railway offices were told by the delegates, and the Home Secretary is to be petitioned to bring such offices within the scope of the Factory and Public Health Acts. The Board of Trade is to be asked to restrain the action of certain companies which at- tempted to deny to their clerical staff the right of combination. The chief business at yesterday's sitting was the question of affiliation with the Labour party. A resolut ion, proposed by Mr Row- lands, Manchester, to arescind that passed in 1905 to the effect that affiliation should be contingent on two-thirds majority of the mem- bers, was agreed to. Mr Essame, Sheffield, followed with a pro- position that a ballot of members be taken before next conference upon the question. Mr Bla.ckshaw, Bristol, seconded. The Reading delegate, Mr Milton, proposed an addition specifyingthat affiliation beconting-ent on two- thirds majority, but this was defeated. Mr Budd, Nottingham, proposed delay for a year in view of the fact that a ballot was taken only last year. On a division, the amendment was carried by a large majority. Another important resolution, which was passed unanimously, was that deciding to take no action with reference to the proposed federation of Railway Employees Societies. Mr Hearn .introduced a resolution in favour of obtaining direct Parliamentary representa- tion, but this was considered impracticable at present on financial grounds and the proposi- tion was defeated. Mr George Latham, Norwich. was elected president, and the general secretary. Mr A. G. Walkden Parliamentary secretary. It was decided to hold next year's conference in Glasgow. Hull and Sheffield were also pro- posed.
11 DISGRACE TO MANKIND." James Betts, He wert son -street, Newport, went home the worse for drin k on Saturday, and after smashing a window and lecturing his wife, called David and Elizabeth Thorpe, who occupied apartments in the same house. He accused Mrs Thorpe of being a woman of easy virtue, and when her husband asked faim what he meant, he struck him on the head with a poker. Then there was a genera! melee. At the local court on Monday Betts said that his wife and son were drinking in Thorpe's room and would not let him in. That was why he smashed the window. Mr R. Wilkinson said that as a father and a husband he was a disgace to mankind. He must be bad when his wife and son would give evidence against him. There were 27 previous convictions against him, and they were only sorry that they could not give him more than two months' hard labour.
TREHERBERT BABY MYSTERY. Another stage in the Treherbert baby mys- tery case was reached on Monday, when Mr R, J. Rhys, coroner, held an adjourned inquest on the body. Thomas May. Ynysybwl, said he had been in company of GwiJym Jones Hum- phries, who found a parcel in the Taff Vale railway train, and, as it W3¡S of offensive smell, threw it away in a lane near the Tre- herbert football field. Witness said that when Humphries left him to catch the 10.13 p.m. train to Treorky he did not have a parcel with him, but he was under the influence of drink. Witness added t hat both he and Humphries had been drinking all day together. A verdict of ".Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown was returned. MrGlasse, foreman of the jury, complimented the police in having cleared the matter up so far as 10cal residents were concerned. Humphries was then taken to Ton Pentrv Police Court and charged with having coiv cealed the birth of the infant. Defendant waf remanded, on the application of Supt. T. Colt for a week, bail being allowed.ENA RADIO is present throughout the product life cycle. We are aware of the importance for the client to also have support during the operation phase of the equipment. That is why we put our knowledge at the client's disposal, to resolve those doubts or incidents that may adversely affect the performance of the equipment.KM-287 Kenwood Prospero Kitchen Machine offers the best KM-287 Kenwood Prospero Kitchen Machine at the best price in Pakistan with quick delivery service all over Pakistan. So why wait? Just place your order now before it gets out of stock.
About the Prospero KM287
The Kenwood KM287 silver287 features high quality, tested components, and a rang of practical attachments.
It’ll work hard for you, perfectly blending, kneading, whisking, and processing the ingredients you need to create fabulous meals, bread, cakes, and pastries.
- KM280 Series
- Blender: Glass
- Bowl attachment outlet: Yes
- Citrus press: Yes
- Continuous juicer: Plastic
- Dough hook: Yes
- Meat grinder: Yes
- Food processor: Yes
- K-beater: Yes
- Mill: Yes
- High-speed outlet: Yes
- Medium speed outlet: Yes
- Slow speed attachment outlet: Yes
- Whisk: Yes
- Cord storage: Yes
- Dishwasher safe parts: Yes
- Recipe suggestions: Yes
- Safety interlock: Yes
- Spatula: Yes
- Splashguard: Yes
- Bowl size (total):4.3 liters
- Cake Capacity:1.6kg
- Capacity – dough :500g
- Capacity – egg whites:8 Maximum
- Flour for the pastry :450g
- Body material: Plastic
- Bowl material: Brushed stainless steel
- Bowl tool material: Coated
- Colour: Silver
- Warranty: Yes
- Motor power (wattage):900W
- Size (cm):29.2H x 24.3W x 31.3D
- Speed: Variable
- Weight:4.5 !As far as gpg goes it looks like that you just can't use dynamically loaded modules under Solaris 2.5 no matter how hard you try. when I moved rndegd from a loaded module to a static internal, that part at least started to work. I wonder if there is anyway to make the rsa and idea modules static? It sure would be nice to have them. John Perry perry@jpunix.com PGP-encrypted e-mail welcome! WWW -It’s Christmas in October! Well, maybe not literally, but it sure feels like it. I was given the opportunity to read and review Party Style – Kids’ Parties from Baby to Sweet 16 by Gemma Touchstone.
This review is incredibly important to me not only because it’s ‘the pARTy plannings’ first book review, but also because Gemma has been a long time inspiration of mine – to say I’m starstruck is an understatement. I have been following Gemma’s blog Gemmas Party Style since nearly the beginning (and I backread everything I missed from before I discovered her). What I didn’t know, is Gemma is also the editor-in-chief of Party Style Magazine, which in my mind is an absolute must read for any entertainer. I don’t only envy her work, but also her career path. She started as a floral designer and moved her way up to design and style some of Hollywood’s hottest nurseries and parties. Needless to say, I want her job!
Gemma recently compiled her party planning tips, tricks and inspiration into her book Party Style – Kids’ Parties from Baby to Sweet 16. The book offers over 200 pages of beautiful pictures and priceless party planning tips. Don’t believe me, get a sneak peek for yourself here. The book starts with a quiz to help you find your party style. It said I was a Party Style/DIY, which after reading the description, was pretty spot on! Since I have a DIY style, I am constantly on the hunt for free printables. Gemma really hooked me up here by offering over $2,500 in FREE printables with the book purchase!
After you find your party style, the book walks you through everything you need to execute. She walks you through a timeline to party planning – what you need to do and when you need to have it done. My fellow Type A personalities will appreciate the checklist and the Type B’s will appreciate the help getting organized. The book goes on to cover everything from party etiquette and how to stage photos to the motherload of recipes and games. You can get your own copy of Party Style – Kids’ Parties from Baby to Sweet 16 here.
To build the excitement even further, Gemma is hosting a giveaway! Click a Rafflecopter giveaway to enter for your chance to win!
Want to meet Gemma? Below is a schedule of her upcoming events:
- codeparty
- For more dates on her Tour around the USA Please visit the Blog
As if Gemma isn’t busy enough, she is already working on her next book Holiday Hostess – Memorable Entertaining & Traditions for Every Holiday which will be coming out in May 2016. I’m not going to lie – I hope she asks me to review that masterpiece as well!
One Comment Add yours
Hi,
Thanks so much for the amazing review! Hope we meet in person sometime soon. xoxoUnit powers on and appears to work good. Pulled from a working environment, however I have no way to fully test this unit. PLEASE LOOK AT ALL PICTURES FOR OVERALL PHYSICAL CONDITION. Looks like channel 1 lightbulb is burned out. There are minor blemishes and staining on the housing here and thereagain please look at pictures. The item “Revox PR99 MKIII Reel To Reel Tape Recorder Works Free Shipping” is in sale since Monday, October 18, 2021. This item is in the category “Consumer Electronics\Vintage Electronics\Vintage Audio & Video\Reel-to-Reel Tape Recorders”. The seller is “chapman.inc” and is located in Salem, Utah. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, South africa, Hong Kong, Bahamas, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar,.
- Brand: Revox
- Type: Tape Recorder
- Custom Bundle: No
- Model: revox pr99 mkiii
- Country/Region of Manufacture: Germany
- Modified Item: No
The government has set out regulations that will pave the way to the easing of all restrictions from 21st June 2021.
- New ‘roadmap regulations’ set out before the next phase of easements take place on 29th March 2021
- One-year review of Coronavirus Act proposes measures to expire or suspend. Measures to continue are essential and proportionate – to deliver the roadmap and maintain the necessary tools to continue to fight this virus and support families and the economy through it
- Comes ahead of Parliament vote on both the roadmap and Coronavirus Act on Thursday 25th March 2021
The government has set out regulations which will pave the way to the easing of all restrictions from 21st June 2021, and plans proposals to maintain support for the most vulnerable, businesses and public services.
Government support packages such as the Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme and Self-Employed Income Support Scheme have been rolled out under the Coronavirus Act, providing income for many families and a life-line to thousands of businesses throughout the pandemic.
Due to the success of the UK’s historic vaccination programme, with over half of all adults vaccinated, and the infection and hospitalisation rates having fallen significantly.
The regulations mean that from 29th March 2021 outdoor gatherings of either 6 people or 2 households will be allowed including in private gardens.
The government has been clear that the roadmap out of lockdown is cautious, but irreversible. It sets out which measures must continue in order to protect the hard-won progress and ensure the nation can meet the 4 tests which will allow further unlocking to take place. A full review will be conducted in advance of moving to step 2 of the roadmap which will be 12th April 2021.
The government has also published a review of the Coronavirus Act ahead of a vote in Parliament, this sets out 15 measures which will be expired or suspended after Eas Act ensured the £72 billion of support to businesses with over 1.5 million loans approved.
Health Secretary Matt Hancock said:
We are today setting out the legal foundations which, if agreed by Parliament, will deliver the roadmap out of lockdown.
These measures have been vital to reducing infections, hospital admissions and deaths across the country, and thanks to people’s.
The regulations will be voted on by Parliament , and if approved, will replace the ‘all tiers’ regulations which were made to enact the tier system at the end of last year.
The temporary measures within the Coronavirus Act require a renewal vote every 6 months as part of the government’s commitment to properly scrutinising coronavirus legislation. The powers in the Act have been thoroughly reviewed and those that are no longer necessary will be expired, and only the most important and proportionate measures will be maintained.
Keeping the Act in place will continue to provide important support to individuals, businesses and allow essential public services to function. The Act enables the furlough scheme, virtual court hearings and the extension of Statutory Sick Pay to continue as long as they are needed, to support those most in need during this challenging time.
When this legislation was brought to Parliament, the government was clear that it would only retain these powers for as long as necessary to allow us to respond to the pandemic effectively. Because of the welcome progress in our fight against this virus, the government is now able to expire and suspend a raft of measures within the Act.
While the vote will provide the legal basis for the act to remain in place for a further 6 months, the entire Act and all its provisions are reviewed in a report laid every 2 months. The roadmap regulations must also undergo statutory review every 35 days.
Further information
A total of 12 provisions will be removed completely from the Coronavirus Act. This is in addition to the mental health powers that were removed in December for England:
- Sections 8 to 9 (applies to UK): emergency volunteers. These provisions were intended to come into force should the delivery of health services be at risk as a result of the pandemic. Despite the significant workforce pressure in health and social care, other measures such as NHS Professionals, other agency and bank staff and the Bring Back Staff (BBS) scheme have been more appropriate to address the need for trained clinical staff. As such, these powers have not yet come into force
- Section 15 (applies to England and Wales and will be expired for England): Care Act easements (DHSC). Some duties to local authorities are relaxed under this section, allowing them to streamline assessment and charge for care retrospectively. There is strong stakeholder support to remove this provision. Eight local authorities in England have used the powers but the power has not been used since 29 June 2020
- Section 24 (applies to UK) (Home Office): extension of time limits for retention of fingerprints and DNA profiles, allowing them to be held for an additional 6 months beyond normal deadlines. This power cannot be extended beyond the point the regulations expire in March without primary legislation.
- Sections 25 to 29 (applies to UK) (Defra): requiring information from businesses and persons involved in the food supply chain. Gives the power to require information such as food supply disruption if there is refusal to provide it voluntarily. The information has been provided voluntarily and is not needed
- Section 71 (applies to UK) (HMT): signatures of Treasury Commissioners; allows a single Commissioner of HMT to sign instruments and act on behalf of Commissioners, instead of requiring a signature from all Commissioners.
- Section 79 (applies to England) (MHCLG): extension of Business Improvement Districts (BID) arrangements. BIDs, local business partnerships established by voting, have now successfully completed ballots and 43 are due to introduce ballots before the expiry in March 2021
- Section 84 (applies to England) (MHCLG): postponement of General Synod elections. Allows the Queen to postpone the dissolution of the General Synod of the Church of England and so to postpone elections to the General Synod
In addition, the following 3 provisions will also be suspended:
- Section 22 (applies to UK): appointment of temporary Judicial Commissioners (JCs)
- Section 23 (applies to UK): time limits in relation to, for example, urgent warrants under Investigatory Powers Act
- Section 58/schedule 2, part 2 (applies to UK and will be suspended in England): allows directions to be issued under part 2 if it was believed death management was not being organised correctly
PAYadvice.UK 22/3/2021Andy Murray claimed his second Top 10 win of the year in dramatic fashion as he took down top seed Jannik Sinner 7-6(4), 6-3 on Wednesday to move into the Stockholm Open quarter-finals.
The victory over World No. 10 Sinner was Murray’s second win over a Top 10 player in the FedEx ATP Rankings, after he also defeated No. 10 Hubert Hurkacz in Vienna.
In a match packed with lengthy all-court rallies and fascinating angles, Murray managed to stave off the only break point he faced to close out Sinner in two hours and 10 minutes.
“It was a very tough match. He hits the ball huge from the back of the court so there were a lot of long rallies and a lot of running. But it’s probably my best win this season. I want to keep it going now,” Murray said in a post-match interview.
Top seed Sinner, who will serve as first alternate after narrowly missing direct qualification for the Nitto ATP Finals, was not able to make many inroads into Murray’s serve as he let a break point slip away in the opening set. Murray outlasted Sinner in a tie-break after 74 minutes, and held firm in the second to take his spot in the quarter-finals.
Shapovalov Starts Stockholm Title Defense With A Bang
Murray’s victory wasn’t the only upset of the day in Stockholm. Tommy Paul also knocked off a seed after defeating his good friend and doubles partner, fifth-seeded Taylor Fritz 6-4, 6-4. Paul will meet Murray in the quarter-finals for the first time.
US Open quarter-finalist Botic van de Zandschulp also defeated No. 7 Marton Fucsovics, weathering 10 aces from the Hungarian to win 7-6(3), 3-6, 7-5.To!
The clip was shot according to the script written by the singer, Ofilia, who also wrote the scripts for the band’s previous clips.
Extraterrestrial is a colorful clip in the atmosphere of SFX movies worthy of Netflix!
Beware of the Extraterrestrial, out now!
More articles
5x New – week 46
5x New – week 45
5x New – week 44Connecting with Your Students
When instructors connect with their students, they build rapport in the classroom and foster student engagement in the learning process.
Do you know…
- Who your students are?
- Why they are taking your class?
- How you can improve their learning in and out of class?
See understanding & engaging today's learners for information to help you address these questions.
Why Connect with Students?
Several authors have explored the impact of building rapport on student learning (Meyers, 2009; Umbach & Wawrzynski, 2005; Witt, Wheeless & Allen, 2004) and have concluded that the benefits include:
- Better understanding of the audience on the part of the instructor.
- Increased student engagement in the course content, leading to enhanced learning.
- Greater student comfort with expressing their thoughts in or out of class.
- The feeling among students that they are valued, which makes them more willing to be intellectually challenged by the instructor.
- The creation of a mutually beneficial and exciting learning environment.
Getting Started with Connecting with Students
- On the first day of class, share some information about yourself including your background, research interests, personal website, why you enjoy teaching this course, etc.
- Collect information about students on the first day such as their name, year in college, reason for taking the course, previous exposure to course content, etc. Use index cards to collect this information and refer to the cards whenever you interact with a student.
- Smile and incorporate humor to create ease and a relaxed atmosphere.
- Step away from the podium.
- Arrive early for class and stay a bit later to chat with students and address any questions they may have.
- Learn students' names.
- Ask students questions about their experiences related to course content.
- Be available and encourage students to meet with you, either during office hours or after class.
- If you notice students in distress, see Cornell Health for suggestions on what you can do.
References
Ambrose, S. A., Bridges, M. W., DiPietro, M., & Lovett, M.C. (2010). How learning works: Seven research-based principles for smart teaching. San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Angelo T. A., & Cross, K. P. (1993). Classroom assessment techniques: A handbook for college teachers (2nd ed.). San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
LaSere Erickson, B., Peters, C., & Weltner Strommer, D. (2006). Teaching first-year college students. San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Meyers, S. A. (2009). Do your students care whether you care about them? College Teaching, 57(4), 205-210.
Nilson, L. B. (2010). Teaching at its best: A research-based resource for college instructors (3rd ed.). San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Umbach P. D., & Wawrzynski, M. R. (2005). Faculty do matter: The role of college faculty in student learning and engagement. Research in Higher Education, 46(2), 153-184.
Witt, P. L., Wheeless, L. R., & Allen, M. (2004). A meta-analytical review of the relationship between teacher immediacy and student learning. Communication Monographs, 71(2), 184-207.Academics Sidebar Menu Academics Majors & Programs Faculty Our Approach Experience Opportunities Global Education Outcomes Academic Services Voskuyl Library Augustinian Scholars Program Registrar/Student Records Office Office of the Provost Our Commitment to Diversity Consumer Information faculty Brad Elliott Instructor in Photography belliott@westmont.edu (805) 565-6052 Office Location Carroll 102 Office Available By Appointment Website elliottimages.comENROLLED AGENTS IN KANSAS CITY, MO
Providing Help for IRS Tax Debt Problems throughout Kansas City, Tax Resolution Services.888.719.8425 today to speak with an enrolled agent and learn more about the help we can offer.
Are you ready to take action and resolve your IRS tax debt situation? Request a Consultation from our experienced team today, and we’ll schedule a time to go over your situation and outline the various options at your disposal.
Physical Address
Two Pershing Square
2300 Main Street, Suite 900
Kansas City, MO, 64108<<KACA-KACA [kʌtʃʌ-kʌtʃʌ] means glasses in Malay.
KACA-KACA offers a range of attention-grabbing eyewear with the most affordable price. From sunglasses, prescription eyeglasses to contact lenses, all our eyewear are Asian fit and specially designed to suit your feature.
We also aim to protect your eyes from the sun. All our sunglasses come with UV400 lenses, provide protection that blocks 100% of the UV rays. These lenses eliminate sun glare, offer accurate color perception and reduce eye fatigue.
KACA-KACA want you to see better, feel better and look better!. Contact us today for professional and quality garbage pickup in Cape Elizabeth, ME.
Casella Garbage Pickup in Cape Elizabeth, ME: Fantastic Service, Competitive Pricing
Our services and garbage pickup in Cape Elizabeth, Cape Elizabeth,-550-0898 to find out more.
When you receive the delivery of garbage pickup in Cape Elizabeth,.Gloryland Apostolic Cathedral
International Ministries
Pastor, Joseph Apraku and First Lady Afua Apraku
Elder Joseph Apraku is the Senior Pastor of Gloryland Pentecostal Ministries U.K., a growing vibrant and dynamic church.
Pastor Joseph served as a deacon in Ghana (the country of his birth) at the Church of Pentecost for 10 years, before being called into the ministry in 2001. Pastor Joseph is the father of three children, Belinda, Nathaniel and Ethan and is husband to his lovely wife Afua.
Pastor Joseph was ordained by Bishop Tom Watson of Gloryland Apostolic Cathedral International, as the Senior Pastor of the Gloryland Pentecostal Ministries U.K. in 2002. In 2004, after attending South London Christian College, he obtained his degree in Theology. He became a member of the International Ministerial Council of Great Britain (IMCGB) in 2006. The IMCGB is a governing body, which represents all Church’s together in the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland.
Currently, Pastor Joseph and Gloryland U.K., partner support with TABITA Ghana, which is a charity organization mobilizing venerable adults in need, with feeding and health check programs. Gloryland U.K. provides additional support by donating computers, materials and financial aid. Pastor Joseph preaches the gospel to them and many have been saved and baptized to the Glory of the Lord.
Pastor Joseph’s teaching and deliverance ministry has taken him to minister at churches across London, Ghana, Germany, Switzerland and the States. Under his esteemed leadership, many souls have come to know the Lord and received his baptism of the Holy Ghost, in Jesus Name.Large cosmetic purse or toilet bag. Nice big size to fit all your shampoos, cleansers etc.
100% vinyl. Fully lined so can be wiped clean of spillages.
Dimensions 28cm x 20cmThis product will be despatched in approx 2 days. Delivery times may vary.
Average 5 stars from 1 reviews
Got a Question?
About il nidoThe UV Curing Systems Market Research Report assesses the global UV Curing Systems Marketplace industry market. It includes sales and capacity forecasts for 2021-2028. This report highlights the key factors that are driving industry growth. For a better understanding of the UV Curing Systems.
UV Curing Systems Market was valued at US$ 4.92 Bn in 2018, and is expected to reach US$ XX Bn by 2026, at a CAGR of XX % during forecast period. UV Curing Systems market.
The report includes extensive analysis of market leaders, their business overview, expansion plans and strategies. The report covers the following:
• Dymax
• Nordson
• Baldwin Technology
• Heraeus
• Phoseon
• Honle
• Panasonic Corporation of North America
• Delo
• IST METZ
• American Ultraviolet
• Omron
• Excelitas
• Uvitro
• Atlantic Zeiser
• Benford UV
• GEW
• Hanovia
• Miltec UV
• Thorlabs
• Hoya
• Nexus Corporation LTD
• Argus Control Systems Limited
• Certhon
• Rough Brothers, Inc. UV Curing Systems UV Curing Systems: Smart Tire Safety Monitor MarketWilson Peak
$18.00
If color and softness is what you are looking for, Wilson Peaks are it! Their bright, bold and unique style will tell your friends that you are an individual with taste. Made of cotton, these socks stay soft in the washer and dryer and always make a statement. Wilsons come in four color combinations and measure 6” from the heel to the top of the cuff. Machine wash and dry.Printing/Emailing Estimates
Create a PDF of the Estimate | Send the Estimate to your client | Signature Approval Font | Resources
Once you have an estimate ready for client eyes to review, you can either email them the printed version of the Estimate, or include them in the approval process. Typically most users just send the printed PDF version to their clients via email.
Create a PDF of the Estimate
With the Estimate open, click on Print from the top row of buttons.
NOTE: Layout overrides Estimate Template.
This will generate a PDF based on the details of the Estimate and the Layout/Template used for printing.
Send the Estimate to your client
You have two ways to send the PDF to your client:
A. Save the printed PDF to your computer, and email as an attachment using your personal email account.
B. Click Email Report from the top of the page containing the PDF to use Workamajig's email functions to send this to your desired email address.
NOTES:
- When using the Email Report option, this does not pull from your list of contacts in the system. You must manually enter the Subject and the Email Address you want to send it to.
- Some users like this feature, because they can email themselves the file, and then simply forward the email to their clients using their personal email.
- Must use Task and Service method of estimating to print an estimate containing only expenses.
At this point, you would communicate with your client to see if they approve the estimated amount.
Signature Approval Font
This allows you to digitally sign an estimate that is approved internally.
In the setup of your employee records, go to Security Controls and look for the drop-down labeled Estimate Signature Approval Font. Here you can choose from several available fonts to show in the space where you would normally sign the estimate.
Employee Setup
Example
Resources
Using Estimates on Project TemplatesNovember 20, 2021 - Art Market is back!
Armed with some of her mother’s decorative paint technique books, Margaret began her
own exploration with paint and color. This led to hand-painted furniture and juried art
shows on the coast of Maine where she was also running her own vacation rental
business.
Always crazy for mosaics by the 1990’s she was making and successfully selling
ceramic mosaics. After taking a polymer clay class in 2002 she was hooked, realizing
polymer clay offered an opportunity to be more expressive.Let's fill in the blank...
M: I'm most excited to jet-set to __________ this summer!
B: Africa
M: I keep __________ in my handbag at all times.
B: Aquaphor, Sisley Lip Twist (#11), and a Mophie iPhone charger
M: Your best kept tip for hosting a dinner party.
B: Lighting is key! I add lots of candles. Everyone feels prettier in candlelight.
M: When it comes to embroidered linens, I'm setting my table with lots of __________ and __________ this summer!
B: I'm setting my table with lots of EVERY COLOR this summer. I love to mix it up.
M: My cocktail playlist always includes __________.
B: Leon Bridges
M: When I host a party I never __________.
B: Invite people via text
M: My favorite cocktail is __________.
B: a Margarita on the rocks, with extra salt on the rim
M: My go-to designer for finding the best summer frocks for summer parties is __________.
B: I'm usually in something long and flowy for summer dinner parties. I love Kalita's silk dresses. They're simple, but chic.
M: Best appetizer to make when I'm entertaining this summer is __________.
B: My sister make's the world's best guacamole. If I ask her nicely, she'll make it and bring it over!
M: The #1 rule I go by when monogramming my linens is:
B: Have fun with it! I like to experiment with different fonts, letter placements and, of course, color combinations. With so many options, why limit myself!
M:Bradley Bathgate, PE
President and Practicing Principal at PWI Engineering
With all of the talk of Combined Heat and Power, CHP, Cogeneration, Cogen, and Distributed Generation there are a lot of medical facilities and academic institutions that want to reduce the costs of producing energy, reduce their carbon footprint, and make a resilient infrastructure. Feasibility studies are the start of this process, and in our company’s opinion one of the most important parts. Don’t ever fall for the free feasibility study. This study will be the road map to the future. I always make the analogy that if you are having a medical problem, you go to the doctor that is going to give you the best advice that is proven with experience, not the one on the corner giving out the free advice. Find the firm that has the most experience and will give you a study that you will feel comfortable sitting in front of your boss and asking for millions of dollars, and possibly putting your job on the line. Read more “Mercury Rising – Part 1”NBA, the most spectacular and technological league in the world
30 October 2018 | Written by Cesare Venturoli
The US basketball season started, with big stars and, above all, great technological innovations.
NBA and innovation. Basketball has always been one of the most advanced sports in terms of innovation and use of technology. Suffice it to say that it was one of the first disciplines to introduce the instant replay, or the ability for referees to review actions directly on the sideline, well before other sports where this feature is still widely used as rugby or, for last, football. In NBA, to give an example, the referees go to review the action at the table of commentators, making the game one of the most spectacularized championships among all sports.
The NBA, to the delight of all American basketball’s fans, began a few weeks ago. Among this year’s new features there is the installation, in each of the NBA arenas, with a not so small investment, of the SportVU system, a complex of six cameras able to track and analyze every single shot and every single action.
The SportVU cameras, developed by the US STATS, the world leader in sports technology, take 25 frames per second and send it all to special data analysis programs. The SportVU player tracking system provides a continuous stream of statistics, “Ours is a Data-driven League”, said NBA executive vice president of media operations and technology Steve Hellmuth, in a press release announcing the partnership with STATS; and it’s really true. In this case we are well beyond the bibs equipped with GPS that provide the technical staff with the heart rate of the athletes, but we are facing an innovation that can change the way in which the data are used, not only in basketball but also in other sports, to monitor player performance.
The strength of numbers. Considering the data, every single gesture that is carried out in the field can be analyzed by new points of view. Take, for example, the three-point shot, which has now become a real weapon rather than a simple skill. The name of Stephen Curry, a star of the Golden State Warriors who in the last NBA has made, on average, 4.2 nets from three to one on 9.8 attempts, will sound familiar even to the most profane. An excellent medium, for what may be considered the Curry trademark and on which the player has built an important part of his personal successes (he was elected best player of the league for two seasons in a row, in 2015 and 2016). Attempts to shoot from the three points line, in general, have increased significantly in recent seasons. This technical gesture, in practice, has stopped being an attempt, perhaps “desperate”, and has increasingly become a way of playing. Thanks, also, to the application of the statistics. You don’t need to try, you know that specific player every certain number of shots makes a net. With the certainty of the numbers the game of the whole team would also revolve around the possibility of shooting from afar, and not only to the collective game and the movements experienced in training. This, to say that applying the data to sports, even the sports themselves undergo a change in their interpretation.
The way to play, to train, to study opponents to prepare the games will be more and more directed and reinforced by technological support, both in terms of collection and processing of numbers. At this point it is necessary to make a consideration on what can be the role of artificial intelligence. Will we have, in the future, an already “packaged” work that will substitute the work of the coaches and their staff? Who can say, of course is that it is not difficult to imagine that the artificial intelligence, crossing the numbers of a player in career or season or even in real time, can predict how much the player himself will react to a fake or will pass into a direction rather than another. So that, while you are preparing to face an opponent, you will have a greater certainty about his way of playing. Science fiction? Obviously it is not something that it isn’t already happening today, but it doesn’t even seem just a remote possibility.
A viewer for free shots. That sports are increasingly driven by technology and that they are directed to the development of specific innovations for those sports is not a mystery. Talking about basketball, some players also train using virtual reality. Of course, this is not an absolute novelty: even in Formula 1 it has been practiced for years, first with the simulator and then on the track, but in this case, it is a bit different. Virtual reality allows the player to identify with the technical gesture, allowing him to contextualize as well as to train the movement. The best-known case is that of Ian Mahinmi of Washington Wizards, who in the 2016/17 season practiced his foul shots with a visor. His accuracy, in the weeks when he used virtual reality, increased of 30% compared to his career average.
For the moment, these are isolated cases: not all sports use technology in the same way and some federations, as well as players and coaches, remain skeptical. It is true, however, that even the use of video to help the referee in football until some time ago was unthinkable. So, why not imagine a future, maybe not even too far, in which all the players train with the viewer? Especially in a competition like the NBA, where the time to train during the season, between games, physical recovery and travel, is very little.Foundry Silica Sand Bapsfontein.Chat Online
NOTE: You can also send a message to us by this email [email protected], we will reply to you within 24 hours.
News Projects List.Oline Chat
Filtersand Bapsfontein Gauteng Greensand Co Za
volleyball sand, silica sand, sandblasting sand, sand supplies, pools & water, playpen sand, paint sand, loco sand, glass sand, foundry sand, flint sand, filtersand, bagged silica, amber sand, volleyball sand bapsfontein, silica sand bapsfontein, sandblasting sand bapsfontein, sand supplies bapsfontein, pools & water bapsfontein, playpen sandOline Chat
Silica Sand Greensand
silica sand. greens sand has been in the silica sand industry since 1979 and has been a distributor of specialised silica sand to the industrial as well as leisure market for over years, distributing nationally and across borders. We store a wide range of grades of silica sands.Oline Chat
Sustainability Series Recycled Foundry Sand The C A
only silica-based spent foundry sands from iron, steel, and aluminum foundries are evaluated in the risk assessment. uses and applications for metal casting sand can generally be categorized into three groups: highway and construction, aggregate substitutes, and manufactured soils.Oline Chat
Foundry Sand Frac Sand Silica Sand D Sand Odessa.Oline Chat
Used Block Making Machines For Sale Besser EquipmentOline Chat
China Laundry Machine Laundry Machine Manufacturers
china laundry machine manufacturers select 2021 high quality laundry machine products in best price from certified chinese machine manufacturers, washing machine suppliers, wholesalers and factory on made-in-china.comOline Chat
Resin Sand Machinery Resin Sand Machinery Suppliers And
alibaba.com offers 2,227 resin sand machinery products. about of these are sand making machinery, are crusher, and 14% are metal casting machinery. wide variety of resin sand machinery options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and key selling points.Oline Chat
Foundry Machinery Leading Manufacturer Foundry
providing more than years of foundry check our immediately available machines range welcome to omega sinto. business AS usual despite covid restrictions omega sinto is the leading manufacturer of chemically bonded sand equipment for the metal casting industry. We are fully committed to achieving our vision of being the preferredOline Chat
Sand Mixer For Foundry Industries Soap Making Machines
sand mixer soap making machines sand mixer sakun make auto mix SM series of mixer machine is used in foundry industries for preparing moulding sand.Oline Chat
Lumpbreaking Conveyors Kinergy
kinergy driven foundry machines. the low maintenance required of kinergy driven machines lends itself very well to the foundry industry. In addition, the concept of one simple common drive for foundry vibrating equipment delivers multiple benefits: 75% decrease inOline Chat
Carrier Vibrating Equipment Inc Process Amp Foundry
carrier vibrating equipment offers a full line of after market parts for our vibrating feeders, conveyors, screeners, foundry equipment and more. the aftermarket sales team is ready to answer your questions, determine what parts you need, and schedule shipments as required.Oline Chat
All About Vibrating Conveyors Types Design And Uses
mar 26, 2021 the vibrating conveyor is used extensively where sanitation and low maintenance are paramount; they find applications in food and chemical, rubber, foundry, processing, and more industries. they can readily work under harsh conditions where dirt,Oline Chat.Oline Chat
Conveyor Vibrating For Sale At World Equipment Amp Machine
find conveyor- vibrating and other equipment for sale at world equipment & machine sales find us: 4550 darrow Rd stow, ohio 44224 email: mikefoundry-eqpt.com20 Apr Ergonomics: What you need to know
Rather than being an important consideration at the start of an office fitout or relocation project, ergonomics is often an afterthought or a ‘fixer’. It’s one of those things that when done well, you don’t notice, but if it’s not done well – can have a very serious impact on staff wellbeing.
A study by the UK’s Office for National Statistics (ONS) found that the majority of sick days are lost due to musculoskeletal issues such as back, neck and muscular pain – problems that could have been averted by putting a little extra effort into the ergonomic design of the working environment.
But ergonomics is not just about workstations or chair heights; it’s about designing for people – and their interactions with products, systems or processes which makes it a key component of the initial planning phase of your office fitout or relocation. Implementing ergonomics during the early design phase empowers you to be more proactive at reducing injuries, helps improve productivity and can save you a lot of money in the long term.
Benefits of office ergonomics
- Increased productivity
- Increased work quality
- Increased job satisfaction and morale
- Improved employee retention, thus reducing training costs
- Improved health and safety
- Decreased down time at work
- Decreased absenteeism
When it comes to designing tasks and work areas to maximise the efficiency and quality of work, ergonomics is your go-to buzzword. And remember, your focus should just not be on aesthetics but on selecting fittings and fixtures for work and health benefits.
Your initial ergonomics design plan should have three goals or targets:
1. Safety
2. Productivity
3. Operator satisfaction
Look at lighting and creating zones and separate areas for the variety of activities that need to be performed. Do you need a quiet, mellow workspace area? Adjustable standing desks for those who are office-bound all day? How about an area for brainstorming, with comfortable low couches for relaxing and stretching out? A cosier, people-friendly office environment can also be created through intelligent use of lighting and acoustic panelling. Ergonomic desks, seating and storage solutions all designed to aid human biomechanics can be incorporated into your initial design specifications at the outset.
McCormack is your first point of call when it comes to advice on ergonomic office design. The office fitout specialists at McCormack can talk you through a variety of ergonomic options and explore solutions for your own office fitout, relocation or renovation goals.
The aim of effective ergonomic office design is to ensure your staff are comfortable at work. Your people are the key to your business success, so making sure their health and comfort is top of your list is imperative. After all, we all know that prevention is much better than cure.AC Valhalla – the main character’s gender controversy
There has been controversy over the canonical gender of AC’s main character: Valhalla.
A few days ago, Italian illustrator Sebastian Dell’Aria shared an interesting story about the upcoming Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla via his Twitter account. According to his friend (he doesn’t want to reveal his identity) who reportedly contacted former creative director of production Ashraf Ismail, originally in the latest version AC the main character that the player will play was created exclusively as a woman. Its male counterpart was disregarded for a long time, until the “high-ranking people” stated that they wanted a male character available in the game, as the female gender alone would not sell the production as well. The proof of the heroine’s canonicity is the fact that the Scandinavian name Eivor is given to women (this is confirmed by data from the BabyNames website).
The whole thing, although it may seem quite controversial at first, is not so “binary”. IN Reddit forum thread commented Darby McDevitt, the scriptwriter for several parts of the series Assassin’s Creed (including Valhalla). According to him, the situation described above is untrue, and the creators from the beginning designed the new version with both versions of the hero in mind. He also added that the story is conducted in such a way that it would be impossible to simply add a male counterpart to the character at the end of the work. The developers knew very well about Ubisoft’s policy, which we wrote about already in 2018. It was then that Scott Philips, the director of Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey, revealed that the option to choose the main character’s gender would be a permanent feature of the series.
At the moment, it’s hard to admit one of the parties is right. McDevitt claims that by thoroughly learning about the secrets hidden in the production, it will be possible to say that the whole thing was actually created for both characters from the beginning. Let us remind you that we will play Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla on November 17 this year on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The title will also be released on next-generation consoles. Finally, we present to you the trailer dedicated to the soundtrack that we will listen to during the game.
- Assassin’s Creed series – official website
- Everything about Assassin’s Creed Valhalla – release date, price, hardware requirements
- I played AC Valhalla – Assassin’s Creed follows the path of Kratos, from Greece to the far north
- AC: Valhalla looks like a game that I will love and hateYour Bag: ( 0 Items )
$78.00
$128.00
Model is wearing size small.
Sold Out
Unavailable
FINAL SALE
A new classic to dress up your jeans, meet our Elite top. Details include long blouson sleeves, a crossover front with a wrap tie at the waistline, and a deep v-neckline. Bodice lined.
*Dry Clean Only
*Model wearing size small
FABRIC: 45% Silk 55% Viscose
#TP-19165!Entertainment
John Travolta on Playing Robert Shapiro in The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story
In the FX series The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, John Travolta plays Simpson’s self-centered defense attorney Robert Shapiro. “There’s about 27 words in the English language that would describe Shapiro and some of them are complimentary and some of them are not,” says Travolta, who was also one of the producers on the series. “But he’s certainly shrewd and crafty.” The series is based on Jeffrey Toobin‘s book The Run of His Life: The People v. O.J. Simpson.
To celebrate the series, which examines the O.J. Simpson trial from the perspective of the lawyers, Travolta and many of his costars assembled at the Four Seasons Restaurant in New York City. Travolta talked to Parade about playing Shapiro and shared his thoughts on the trial.
What surprised you most about the trial?
There were a hundred surprises. Probably the most startling revelation were the Fuhrman tapes. No one had ever heard them. And in court they only submitted a tiny bit and it was guarded, if you will. When you hear the real thing later in the episodes, you don’t have to act to respond to them.
Were you very interested in the case at the time?
My father was. I was having Pulp Fiction extraordinaire at the time. So I had this dichotomy. I was enjoying my success and this American tragedy was happening. It was a very strange duality of some sort. But my dad was very in touch with it and reported it to me every day and I’d watch him watch.
What was your dad’s opinion of what the O.J. case?
Because he was a football player and a coach, my dad was captivated and didn’t know what to think. My dad was liberal and also conservative, if that makes sense. He would never assume anything until all the evidence was out. But I think it was such a shocking concept for him, as it was for everybody.
How did you research and get Robert Shapiro’s mannerisms.
There’s a lot of video on him. And the books revealed even more about Shapiro. There was [Jeffrey Toobin’s] book, Shapiro’s book that he wrote himself [The Search for Justice: A Defense Attorney’s Brief on the O.J. Simpson Case] plus there’s an O.J. book. Those three books helped me get three different viewpoints of Shapiro. And then I could shake out the truth from that.
Thankfully, Robert Shapiro had a very distinct style of speaking, physical gestures, cadence and thought process. He was audacious. Like any great lawyer he understood how to hire experts and put them together.
He liked the limelight.
The egocentric part of him loved the limelight. And he wasn’t even aware of how much he looked like he loved it. The viewer watching him absorbed that. From a performer’s point of view, an actor’s point of view, that’s an interesting and humorous thing to be able to play. You’re so familiar with it. And you’re familiar with other people that like that. There are a lot of lawyers who wanted to be actors. If you ask lawyers they’ll say something like, ‘I went to Yale wanting to be an actor, but then I decided to be a lawyer.’ So there’s a commonality that is very interesting.
Why did you decide to join the production?
I asked the opinion of I’d say the four most powerful people in the movie industry, and they all agreed that I should do it.
Hey, I needed encouragement to do Pulp Fiction. I didn’t know how Pulp Fiction would be presented. If you think about the head blowing up and the shooting up and the murder, I didn’t know at what level it would be. And then when I learned more about Quentin [Tarantino], I learned more about how well respected the script was. It was easier to say “yes.” Plus, I asked every major artist in town what their opinion was.
Sometimes instead of saying “no,” you survey people who you respect. And then if you really love their opinion, then sometimes you should do things that maybe you don’t see the whole thing as clearly. But finally I did and I said “yes.”
Would you be interested in doing more television?
If it were with these producers Ryan [Murphy] and Nina [Jacobson], yes. I trust them so much. And equally important, they trust me and I think that’s important. As you’ll see with the other episodes it gets even more outrageous. You have to trust an actor doing that. You’ve never quite seen a guy like Shapiro. You’ve known him in life. Everybody knows a lawyer, a producer, a studio head, a writer, a journalist that has those hoity ideas and attributes. But you’ve never really seen them on screen in this particular way.
So you have to be brave to let an actor do that, especially how he looks and how he behaves. It’s humorous and entertaining, but also do you really want John Travolta to do that? And you have to be brave to let him do that. Just like with Pulp Fiction, Quentin had to be brave to let me wear the hair long, walk around slumped and do all that, because it might be counterintuitive to others. But to a real artist, that’s what you’re supposed to do. You’re supposed to let them create their vision of that character.
The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story airs on FX Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET.A5 Blackout Dragon Dot Grid Notebook
- 160 Pages
- Dot Grid
- 160 GSM
- (A5) - 5.75″ x 8.25″
- Vegan w/ eco-friendly packaging
- Details
With black, 160gsm notebook pages, you can bullet journal in our BLACKOUT dot grid journal with ease. Perfect for even paint, this is the only black paper bullet journal you ever need! Our A5 Blackout Dragon dot grid notebook features a dragon design stamped on a black faux leather cover. The 5mm gilded pages even[ Read Responses | Post a New Response | Return to the Index ] [ First in Thread | Next in Thread ]
Posted by GP38 Chris on Fri Apr 16 17:10:45 2004, in response to Re: Transit Museum Excursion Train, Sunday, April 18, posted by Mark S. Feinman on Fri Apr 16 13:52:16 2004.
What kind of torture is that?!?Would you get rid of a gift you cherish that just so happened to come from an ex if your new man were bothered by it?
I was recently sent this question by a reader who is in the ultimate bind. She has a tennis bracelet gifted to her by an ex-boyfriend she was with for five years. When the pair split, it took time, but they eventually ceased all communication. However, one major thing that still ties the two together is that bracelet. Despite moving on to a relationship that she’s been in for a little over two years with a new man, the tennis bracelet is still shining in her jewelry box. She says that she only wears it on very special occasions.
The reader decided to wear the bracelet to a friend’s wedding recently, which she attended with her new man. It was a simple accessory to go along with her dress, and despite not wearing it very often, it’s a piece of jewelry that she cherishes. But to be clear, she says she values it not because of who gave it to her, but because it’s simply a beautiful ornament.
While sitting at the reception with her man, the woman got to know some guests who were assigned the same table. As they chatted, the bracelet caught the attention of another woman who was taken by it. The guest complimented our reader on her fancy bracelet, which she claimed was a gift. Noticing that she came to the wedding with her boyfriend, this woman proceeded to ask him, “Did you get it for her?” in an attempt to compliment what she believed was his excellent taste. Of course, we all know that he didn’t.
Our reader answered for him, telling the woman, “It was a gift from a friend.”
That should have been the end of that, right?
On the drive home, our reader’s boyfriend, still in a pretty good mood, shifted the conversation from the fun they had at the wedding and reception, back to the bracelet. He lightly asked her, “So, who gave you that bracelet?” Feeling caught in a corner after trying to use unsuccessfully the “my friend” excuse again, she hesitantly fessed up: “My ex.”
“Which ex?” he inquired.
“Mike,” she replied.
Mike was, of course, the ex-boyfriend who our reader had been with for five years. Upon hearing this, her current boyfriend got quiet. For a few minutes that is.
He eventually told her when they got home that the fact that she had the bracelet, an undoubtedly expensive token of love and affection from her ex, made him feel very uncomfortable. When asked why she still had it, she told him that she kept it because it’s a tennis bracelet for God’s sakes! It’s beautiful! Can’t that be enough?
To him, it wasn’t right that after two years of being together, she would think it was okay to keep such a significant gift from a man she had quite the serious relationship with. He told her that he would prefer if she got rid of it but he wasn’t making any ultimatums (as in, “Lose it or lose me”). So now our reader finds herself in a complicated situation. According to her, she has long moved on from her ex in terms of emotions. She will always have love for him, but she’s over him. She only keeps the bracelet because, well, it’s fabulous, and after five years, she thinks she earned it. And while she could rack up some major coins if she pawned it, for our reader, it’s just nice to have something worth so much in her possession. What’s the big deal?
I can see where this reader is coming from. Hell, I wouldn’t want to give up a fancy a** tennis bracelet either. But sometimes you have to make sacrifices to keep the lights on in a relationship. Considering that it’s something that her current beau has openly said makes him uncomfortable, he will only grow resentful over time if he knows she still has it. If I were in her shoes and saw a real future with this man, I would probably get rid of it. With the money she could reap from that bracelet, she could buy a brand new one or something equally as elegant, and still keep her relationship afloat. If the shoe were on the other foot and he had something from an ex that he held on to like baby’s first blanket, she would probably feel some type of way, and maybe even assume that he still held some sort of emotional attachment to his old flame. As sucky as it is to have to give up such a valuable item, such is life. It’s one of the things we do for love…
But what do you think? Is he petty for wanting her to ditch the bracelet? Is it weird that she kept it?AP
PennyWise Episode 34: End of the year financial to do list
Five end of the year financial tasks you should tackle right now, according to Kimberly Palmer, a credit card and personal finance expert at NerdWallet. Palmer explains why fall is the perfect time to tackle financial tasks before the new year.KiLZo Posted January 1, 2005 I. Quote Share this post Link to post Share on other sitesGluckel. Loved that when I was a kid and have totally forgotten. Will need to find a copy now
Just finished Frank Abagnale's "Catch me if you can".Very good book. I never watched the movie so I didn't have any spoilers. More vulgar than I thought. Not too long (~275 pages) which is a plus by me.
Favorite business books?
Hatchet by Gary PaulsonDidn't read it but listened to an audiobook of it on Libby. It's around 3 1/2 hours long. I think it's a book for younger people but I enjoyed it.
Are there any Sherlock Holmes fans on the forums? I've read most of the stories throughout the years, some multiple times, and I've found myself becoming quite an admirer.
✋I've read them all.Admittedly many years ago.
I subconsciously started using some of his oft-used terms.
DansDeals may earn a commission when you use our links to make a purchase or open a credit card. See our Advertiser Disclosure here.PDB ID 3u9y
[TNKS2_HUMAN].[1] [2] [3] [4]
Tankyrases are poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases that have many cellular functions. They play pharmaceutically important roles, at least in telomere homeostasis and Wnt signaling, by covalently ADP-ribosylating target proteins and consequently regulating their functions. These features make tankyrases potential targets for treatment of cancer. We report here crystal structures of human tankyrase 2 catalytic fragment in complex with a by-product, nicotinamide and with selective inhibitors of tankyrases (IWR-1) and PARPs 1 and 2 (olaparib). Binding of these inhibitors to tankyrase 2 induce specific conformational changes. The crystal structures explain the selectivity of the inhibitors, reveal the flexibility of a substrate binding loop and explain existing structure-activity relationship data. The first crystal structure of a PARP enzyme in complex with a potent inhibitor, IWR-1, which does not bind to the widely-utilized nicotinamide-binding site makes the structure valuable also for development of PARP inhibitors in general.
Structural Basis of Selective Inhibition of Human Tankyrases.,Narwal M, Venkannagari H, Lehtio L J Med Chem. 2012 Jan 10. PMID:22233320[5]
From MEDLINE®/PubMed®, a database of the U.S. National Library of Medicine.
OCA
Categories: Human | Large Structures | Lehtio, L | Narwal, M | Adp-ribosylation | Diphtheria toxin like fold | Protein-ligand complex | Transferase-transferase inhibitor complexWhere does it hurt?
Tell us more about your pain so we can help you get the proper treatment
>>IMAGE.
Physical therapy is the treatment of musculoskeletal and neurological injuries to promote a return to function and independent living. Physical therapy incorporates both exercise and functional training. Exercise restores motion and strength while functional training facilitates a return to daily activities, work, or sport.
A tendon is a band of tissue that connects muscle to bone. A ligament is an elastic band of tissue that connects bone to bone and provides stability to the joint. Cartilage is a soft, gel-like padding between bones that protects joints and facilitates movement..
Testimonials
Dr. Angirasa and his assistant Ted were such a team to work with. I had worker’s compensation case and I felt like a top priority patient. His bedside manner is amazing and he cares about you and every part of your process with him. I’m very grateful for all he did for me and would highly recommend him and this group.
Jeddy S., Google
I broke my clavicle so Dr. Patel suggested I go in for surgery to have a plate put in. When I rose from my surgery I was a T-800 Terminator, the newest generation. I now have enhanced healing capabilities and am much stronger than the average human being. But seriously Dr. Patel and Lupita were super nice and very quick to see me every time. The front desk was courteous and fast at what they do! Surgery went great and I'm stronger than ever. If I ever get another injury I'LL BE BACK.
Tristan P., Google
Dr. A is by far the best surgeon I’ve known, knowledgeable and compassionate come together in someone you can depend on. I would highly recommend him, I had an accident that other caretakers ignored and played down, in the end this man saved my leg and probably years of problems when he intervened.
Taylor K., Google
Dr. Angirassa has been my ortho for over 5 years, what a great Dr. !! He truly cares about his patients I am an ankle implant patient of his, and I would never go anywhere else suffered a pilon fracture of tibia fibula and a shattered ankle beyond repair plus I had previous surgeries done to it before going to see him I truly feel if it was not for him I would be either on crutches for life or wheel chair bound.. His assistant Ted is the best. I have never been to a more professional medical setting like this you are never rushed, and they are always there for you when needed. Keep up the GREAT WORK!!
Michael G., Google
I have had 3 different surgery’s 1: right distal no-crept tendon repair 2: right rotator cuff rebuild 3: left rotator cuff rebuild...all function properly and I am totally and completely satisfied Thank You Dr. Manish Patel I will and have strongly urge people to see you for any and all orthopedic specialist surgeries! You are a blessing to our society!!!
Terry S., Google
Dr Angirasa is a fantastic doctor. My husband & I have both been treated with NO complaints. His assistant Ted is amazing also. They both take the time to talk with you without rushing on to the next patient!!
Taryn B., Google
Dr. Patel and his staff was excellent! Very professional no complaints. Always interested in my case always concerned and attentive. Great care! Excellent recovery from surgery!!!
Matthew B., Google
Dr. Angirasa is truly a miracle worker! My foot had multiple ruptured & torn ligaments & tendons, a ruptured & retracted plantar plate and dislocated metatarsal. Everyday activities caused immense pain & running, trying to train for another marathon wasn't going to happen. On the recommendation of a friend I went to see Dr. Angirasa. I was pretty skeptical he would be able repair my foot enough to walk without pain, much less be able to ever run again. He was the 3rd Ortho foot/ankle specialist I've seen. The 3rd time definitely was a charm for me! My surgery was 2 months ago & I'm pain free!! Every bit of the pain I lived with for the past year was gone by the time I went for my first post OP appointment! I'm not sure why there's a few bad reviews- I've had nothing but excellent, professional & friendly experience from the very beginning. The scheduler, the assistants, the check in & out - everyone including Dr. Angirasa are truly amazing!! 100% recommended Dr. Angirasa & his crew!!
Becky S., Google
The staff are friendly and professional, and Dr Angirasa is one the nicest people I have ever known. He really cares about his patients.It’s October and many of you may have noticed a lot of pink products and pink ribbons vying for attention amist pandemic heavy news reports. While COVID-19 is definitely going to remain the top headline for the time being, Breast Cancer Awareness still deserves to have the spotlight this month. Especially since one in eight women in America will experience breast cancer in their lifetime. Besides gender, there are many risk factors associated with this disease including age, family history, and lifestyle choices. Legacy Medical Sales is proud to join the fight against Breast Cancer during the month of October by sharing tips for prevention, testing information, and products to support breast health.
There are plenty of ways one can change their current lifestyles to help prevent breast cancer. Maintaining a healthy weight is important as being overweight or obese can dramatically increase the risk of breast cancer, especially after menopause. Exercising four to seven hours a week can also lower your risk for breast cancer. Another way to manage your weight (and lower your cancer risk) is avoiding saturated fats and increasing fresh produce in your diet. Finally, avoid smoking and cut back on your alcohol consumption as women who drink at least 3 alcoholic beverages a week increase their breast cancer risk by 15%.
In addition to healthy lifestyle choices, October is the best month to start doing regular monthly self breast exams to detect possible problems early. Check this site on how to properly perform a self exam each month:.
Likewise, individuals should also have an annual clinical breast exam by a healthcare professional. Women over 40 should have a mammogram every one to two years, or women under 40 who have risk factors for breast cancer. For more information regarding breast exams, as well as other helpful information regarding breast cancer please visit.
Furthermore, Legacy Medical Sales provides products that can help support breast cancer health. These include fitness products such as resistance bands and weights to assist physical activity. Nutritional supplements like Ensure and Orgain to maintain a healthy weight. Over 4,000 fragrance ingredients have been listed as carcinogens by California’s Prop. 75 program, Legacy Medical Sales provides a variety of unscented skincare products. Moreover, the American Institute for Cancer Research states that women who breastfeed for at least six months show a significant reduction in cancer risk, additionally breastfeeding longer provides more protection. Legacy is proud to support breast health by providing multiple styles of breast pumps and accessories as well as a variety of breastfeeding supplies.
So when you see the pink ribbons this month remember the prevention tips, early screening options and products from Legacy Medical Sales that contribute to the support of Breast Cancer Awareness. Need a quote or more information on the products mentioned above? Contact us at info@legacymedicalsales.comCharleston Misses You Tea Towel
Sale price
Price
$16.00
Regular price
Unit price
per
Just about the most perfect moving, housewarming, or just-because gift we could think of! A sweet reminder of friends back in Charleston. Printed in navy with a little pop of pink so it goes well in any home.
- Full Tea Towel - 28" x 28"
- Folded Tea Towel - 6.5" x 13.5"
- Material: 100% Cotton; flour sack towels are highly absorbent, long-lasting, and dry quickly
- Care: Machine Wash Cold; Tumble Dry Low Heat
We love thoughtful gift giving.
In-stock products ship with complimentary gift tags. See the options here.Young entrepreneurs and Ye! Community members take the stage at the WTO Public Forum 2021
The Public Forum is the WTO’s largest annual outreach event, providing a unique platform for stakeholders to come together and debate issues related to trade and development topics. This year’s Public Forum took place on 28 September - 1 October under the theme “Trade Beyond COVID-19: Building Resilience”, looking at how the multilateral trading system can help build resilience to COVID-19 and future crises.
The International Trade Centre (ITC) through its Ye! Community and the GreenToCompete Initiative, together with the Permanent Mission of Finland in Geneva came together to organise a panel discussion on “Youth ecopreneurs - Innovating to build back greener”.
Two young female entrepreneurs spoke on the panel: Caritta Seppa, Co-founder and COO at Tespack Finland and Jane Nakasamu, Founder of Greenbelt Energy Zambia and 2021 SEED awardee. Other speakers on the panel included Kasia Weina, Founding Partner & Director at Evergreen Labs Vietnam and Mr Ville Skinnari, Minister for Development Cooperation and Foreign Trade, Finland.
Caritta emphasised that the pandemic offered a great opportunity to innovate and to make an effort to find more local suppliers that may have previously been overlooked. Doing business virtually rather than through travel and on site visits has optimised many of their processes and given them additional time to focus on new initiatives.
Jane reported that the pandemic accelerated the efficiency with which her business was able to connect to customers digitally. She also said that COVID-19 and its global impact shed further light on how urgently we need to act on the climate crisis in order to avoid another global disaster. “Doing good is good for business”, emphasised Jane in advocating for a more community-centred approach to business.
In addition, the Public Forum’s high-level panel on “MSMEs and COVID: Enhancing Resilience” featured Ye! Community member Mechi Amaah, who has been part of the community since 2020 when she won a video competition for young African innovators organised by ITC and YALDA. Mechi is the founder of Black and Natural Cosmetics in Cameroon and has benefited from ITC training and coaching following her win.
At the WTO Public Forum, Mechi spoke alongside ITC Executive Director Pamela Coke-Hamilton, H.E. Ambassador José Luis Cancela and Olusegun Awolowo, CEO of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council and President of the ECOWAS TPO Network, among others.
Coke-Hamilton praised Mechi for weathering the storm of the pandemic with her business and finding new approaches to staying afloat. Mechi explained that she decided to diversify her products and to look at new alternatives for sourcing raw materials locally when importing from Nigeria became challenging. Difficulties with acquiring packaging also meant that Mechi’s business decided to switch to producing shampoo bars, reducing the environmental impact of the products further.
We look forward to many more events where youth entrepreneurs can champion their solutions alongside policy makers and other ecosystem stakeholders.
Missed these sessions? You can view the recordings here:
MSMEs and COVID: Enhancing Resilience
Youth ecopreneurs - Innovating to build back greenerMarch 21, 2009 at 7:41 pm Leave a comment
Welcome to Lannon’s Speech Blog! Here I will post information parents and other speech-language pathologist might find helpful. Topics related to speech, language and auditory development and intervention will be included. For more information about my practice, check out.
Entry filed under: Uncategorized.
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed6.50 6.50 6.50
5Rd2jbT5rf
Description
Organic fair-trade chocolate, cocoa, and a hint of espresso charge up this decadent sativa-dominant chocolate fudge. Made with 50mg THC from a full-spectrum, cannabis infusion. Charge up and Fudge Yourself.
This product is not rated yet. Be the first to review it.
Similar ProductsDaylight saving will come to an end on Sunday, and most Australians will wind back their clocks one hour.
From April 4 in New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Tasmania and the ACT, sunrise and sunset will be about one hour earlier than the day before.
That means there will be more sunlight in the morning, so there’s no excuses to avoid walking off those Easter bunnies.
It’s likely your smartphone and computers will automatically tick over the time for you, but you’ll need to update old-school devices like analog clocks, alarm clocks, microwaves and some cars.
The time will stay the same in Western Australia, Queensland and the Northern Territory, which do not observe daylight savings.
As for the rest of us, we’re going to gain one hour of precious sleep – a fact many Australians rejoice when we reach this time of the year.
Is it true daylight saving is bad for us?
Although some people are unfazed by daylight saving, others have complained of suffering mini jet-lag, poor health and interrupted sleeping patterns.
And they’re not alone.
Many scientists say daylight saving is bad for our health as it disrupts our natural body clock.
Just like we have time zones so that we can keep timing consistent across the world, we also each have a system in our body – known as circadian rhythms – that helps keep our physiological timing in check.
This internal clock regulates important bodily processes, like sleep-wake cycles, our liver function and our immune system.
In 2020, a study by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine found the change to daylight saving can cause a “phase delay” in our circadian rhythms that can have fatal consequences.
In some instances, this body clock disruption has been linked to increased risk of heart attacks, stroke, depression and even car accidents.
The switch to daylight saving time in October – when clocks are turned forward an hour – appears to have more negative health effects than the change back to standard time in April.
According to the study, traffic accidents increase in the first few days after changing to daylight saving time, “with an increase in fatal crashes of up to 6 per cent in the United States”.
Another unexpected side effect identified in the study was volatility in stockmarkets.
“While reasons for this are not entirely clear, proposed mechanisms include the impact of sleep deprivation on frontal lobe functioning, which may result in impaired judgment and decision-making capacity,” the report’s authors wrote.
Although there is no clear evidence directly linking the changing time zones with an increase in fatal or serious injury crashes, experts in Australia are also increasingly of the view that changing our “body clocks” can lead to fatigue-related crashes and poor decision making.
What’s the point of it?
Well, good question.
Those in favour say it gives people more time to get outside and do fun activities in the sunshine from October to April.
Some say it also reduces energy consumption, as people tend to spend more time outdoors instead of at home watching television or using appliances.Creating<<
Create a Conditional Approval or Conditional Step
-
- Enter the desired operator and value in the field. To add additional conditions, select 'Add.'
- Click 'Get approval from' and select desired approvers.
Company Workflows
Admins can preemptively build workflows that users can then attach to their contracts. Rather than building a workflow from scratch, they can leverage any prebuilt options and save time..
- Select ' Settings' from the left-hand navigation panel
- Click 'Add Approval'
- Title the approval workflow, and add a description that clearly states the intention of the workflow. Users should be able to easily select the appropriate workflow for a document
- Select the Approver(s)
- From Anyone: At least one approver listed must approve the document
- From Everyone: All approvers listed must approve the document
- Add additional steps if desired, and select 'Save'
The initial crime concerns the unexpected and inexplicable deaths of kingcat cubs and wildlife conservationist Ren Hunter's efforts to discover the cause of the deaths while protecting a pair of healthy cubs from the same fate. The story is set in a distant future universe where space travel has become commonplace and many exotic worlds have been found and settled. The kingcats are a rare species in this universe so Ren is passionately determined to save them. She is forced into a sort of space odyssey as she fends off attacks on the cubs and searches for a safe reserve on which she can release them.
A second strand of the story concerns the Artificial Intelligence EnviroScout, Panthera body form, developed by Ren's brother, Bryn which has become sentient. Bryn has hidden the sentience of the A1 from his Company fearing that the A1 could be misused by some - particularly by the military - and when he finds that his fears are justified he steals Panthera and asks Ren to take him with her.
With the aid of a third sibling, Nic, Ren travels to various places protecting the two cubs. Meanwhile Bryn must also leave Earth in disguise after his theft. The story moves rapidly as they all journey through space and all attempt to explain the mysterious kingcub deaths and other peculiarities of
military behaviour. The A1 has amazing skills in computer investigating while the three humans combine different areas of knowledge. Eventually the information extrapolated from their discoveries can be combined into a logical picture and a conclusion can be reached. I enjoyed the creativity of this book with its new worlds and fantastic advances in science; I also enjoyed the human interaction and the growth of the A1's sentience. The science fantasy of writers like Anne McCaffery has always combined creatures and science as here; we also have a series of mysteries to be solved. J. W. Metcalfe shows great skill in manipulating her material about hard science, and animal conservation, while imagining a new worlds and characterising her prot
------
------
Reviewer: Jennifer Palmer
A second book in a series of adventures for this group is previewed at the end of this book - it is entitled Panthera: Death Song.
Note: only a member of this blog may post a comment.In her paper ‘Causality and Determination’, G.E.M. Anscombe gives an example of an indeterministic causal relation that was mentioned by the physicist Richard Feynman. It goes as follows:
“ . . . a bomb is connected with a Geiger counter, so that it will go off if the Geiger counter registers a certain reading; whether it will of not is not determined, for it is so placed near some radioactive material that it may or may not register that reading” (p. 145) (Link in references).
As Anscombe notes, if the bomb goes off, there won’t be any question that it was caused, most immediately by the geiger counter reading, and that in turn by the radioactive material.
Yet how are we to understand such a causal relation? Intuitively, this causal relation is one where the effect does not have to follow from the cause. And since the effect does not have follow from the cause, whether it occurs or not is not determined from the cause. It is caused, but nondeterministically so. Such is the indeterministic causal relation. Since necessary connections have to do with effects that have to follow from their causes, these are subsequently denied to occur. Anscombe’s answer as to how we are to understand indeterministic causal relations goes along this route, where what is to be denied are necessary connections: “Indeed, I should explain indeterminism as the thesis that not all physical events are necessitated by their causes” (p. 145).
I am going to spend the rest of this article dissecting the intuitive notion that the indeterministic causal relation is one where the effect does not have to follow, and show that it is, in the end, an absurd notion. What we end with is a necessary connection of a special kind.
That there is a necessary connection, even here, has to be correct if my previous post has anything going for it. There, I observe that given a cause, it’s not that anything just follows from it. Intuitively, causes place a constraint what follows—given even radioactive material and geiger counters, there will be only a particular range of radioactive emission that can result (For more on necessary connections, see The Hallmark of Necessary Connections in Causal Relations ). Now, of course, one particular and narrow reading of the geiger counter will not be necessary. So perhaps this is enough to show that the effect is not necessary after all. Yet I think this is fast and rather fallacious reasoning. Let me next show why this is, and then account for how we are to understand the effect in indeterministic causality.
First, let me present an argument against the intuitive notion that the effect does not have to follow from an indeterministic cause. First and foremost, note that, given some radioactive material, it is not that any particular reading from a geiger counter is the effect of the cause, since there will be different effects, given many occurrences of this cause. That is, holding fixed the cause, there can be any particular of an extensive number (though confined to a range) of geiger counter readings, and these possibilities manifest into actualities given multiple occurrences of the cause. Once this is noted, it is easy to understand why one or another particular geiger counter reading does not have to follow from the radioactive material, since none of these are the effect of such radioactive material. There is no one effect given radioactive material.
On the other hand, of course there will be one such reading that will occur, and won’t this in turn be the effect, and won’t it be non-necessary holding fixed the cause? Still, obviously not—the claim goes too far. It won’t be the effect, given that many effects follow holding fixed the cause.
With this noted, there is of course something intuitively right about a similar, although substantially different, claim that goes: given that this radioactive material (let’s call it A) can produce the specific geiger counter readings of X, Y, or Z, then neither X nor Y nor Z is necessary given A. Thus, when X occurs, X was not a necessary result of A. This is correct. Yet it’s telling in what way it is correct. Note the language again: “X was not a necessary result”; that is, X was not a necessary effect. This would be in line with the previous observation that A has many effects, not just one. So of course no one effect is necessary.
I want to take this idea yet further. I want to say that, more than being unnecessary, X considered absent a larger causal context of which it is one possibility among others (here, Y and Z) is no effect of A at all. It’s not that X is not an effect—it is—but it is one because it is part of a greater effect, one that necessarily follows from the cause. It is this effect, if any is, that will end up being the effect of A.
To begin illustrating all of this, let’s suppose that X, Y, and Z is exhaustive of the range of radioactivity given A. This is as much to say that given A, what follows will be radioactivity, particularly of ranges X, Y, or Z. Now, note that what follows from A has all the markings of a necessary connection. That is, what follows will be this range of X, Y, or Z, and not some other range, and it won’t be something else entirely different. This is my first result, that there is a way to understand what causally results from A in the form of necessary connections. I also think it’s obvious how this result generalizes to apply to any indeterministic causal relation whatsoever, so I will move on from this point.
Next it is important how to understand what I am proposing results from A, this X, Y, or Z. To start, I am using a logical connective, ‘or’. Yet I am not saying that what follows is some event or another. Not quite. I understand what follows to be a singular event with possible events as elements, each of which are probabilistically constrained to (actually) occur. The possible events coalesce into one event in a way that patterns its probabilistic constraint. ‘Or’ is meant in the exclusive sense. I might have used it inclusively, such as if X, Y, and Z overlap in their ranges of radioactivity. However, the way to understand the event is as being composed of mutually exclusive events that are exhaustive of the possible events that can follow from the cause. Therefore, to have radioactivity of the X amount is to not have it in the Y amount or Z amount. X, Y, and Z are exhaustive and non-overlapping amounts of radioactivity given A.
Given an indeterministic cause, the way to describe what results from such a cause is that there is a honing in on one and only one of the possible events that can happen as a result of it. This honing in is weighted toward the possibilities in a way that constitutes the likelihood that each of them has of occurring.
This action from an event of possibilities to one of actuality is causally irreducible. That is, there is no further piece of the cause to be found such that from it, there is but one outcome that occurs instead of many possible, probabilistically constrained ones. Epistemologically speaking, when it’s certain that the causes are accounted for and fixed, and yet the effects are sometimes different, then there is an element of indeterministic causality. Indeterministic cause and effect is a one to many relation. Particular instances of the causes fixed can yield differing results.
The largest divergence from the propositional exclusive ‘or’ as typically construed comes from the fact that X, Y, and Z are, as I said, weighted, probabilistically speaking. If a propositional exclusive disjunction is true, then this is not because we are, speaking loosely, to roll a die to determine which disjunct is true. It is true in virtue of the fact that for one and only one of the disjuncts, how things stand is how things are expressed by the disjunct. If no disjuncts are true, or if more than one is true, then the disjunction is false. So this is a notable difference. Let me explain the difference on the side of the indeterministic cause.
In indeterministic causes, there is always a probabilistic weight given to its mutually exclusive possible events, even if the weight is evenly split between them. That one and only one of them will occur is certain, and so is weighted at a probability of 1. That the event as a disjunction of events has a probability of 1 is just to say that there are a range of possible events given the cause, which can be separated into disjuncts, of which one and only one will occur when all’s said and done. What does not have a probability of 1 are the constituents of the disjunctive event. They are the constituents as possibilities, and their combined probabilities for occurring add up to 1. Weighted evenly, the probability that either of X, Y, or Z occurs is 1/3 for each. There is a weight given to each one, evenly distributed. And when the weight is unevenly distributed, then they will each be unevenly disposed accordingly among them to be the one to occur (as like a weighted die). Another way to describe such an event may be that given A, X, Y, and Z are evenly (or varyingly) disposed to occur. The disposition, however, is once more understood irreducibly. If you ask what me is meant by ‘irreducible’ here, it’d have to once again be something that is not just itself some sort of unseen determinism. As Anscombe said at a similar point, “It is difficult to explain this idea any further” (p.145). However, I believe I have sufficiently explained the view of what follows from indeterministic causes.
Given A, there is a honing in on one and only one of X, Y or Z, in the way explained above. I symbolize this disjunctively as, given A, (X or Y or Z). If X results given A, then X is an event whose appearance is explained causally. If we are to explain how X came to be, one way to explain it is that it came to be, causally, because of A. But if we further ask why it came to be causally because of A, the proper explanation is that, given A, there is a range of possible and probabilistically constrained events, of which one and only one must occur. That is, understanding how X came to be is not just to understand a causal relation involving A and X alone, but also of X as part of a larger effect of A of which it is a part, and which occurred because one (and only one) of them has to. It fell to X and not the others due to an irreducibly indeterministic move on X, given probabilistic propensity in its favor in relation to the rest (indeed this idea is difficult to explain further, but I think this does service enough!). X, Y and Z as possible events constitute (X or Y or Z), where they are disposed probabilistically and where one and only one must occur. If this is a complete description of what occurs given A, then I consider this a big win. This indicates that we have found the effect of A after all! And indeterministic causal relations can be understood in terms of necessary connections.
Given A, the effect is the disjunctive event of the sort described above, (X or Y or Z).
Resources
Anscombe, G.E.M. Causality and Determination. 1971. URL:Not that long ago, cybersecurity was an issue for the back room. Now, it’s made its way to the boardroom and the Situation Room.
In February, President Obama issued an executive order aimed at protecting critical infrastructure, adding the administration’s voice to those of Congressional members and corporate leaders in the national conversation on cybersecurity.
Just as government and industry coordinated the telecommunications response after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the order enlists both public and private entities in assuring that critical infrastructure is continuously monitored and protected from attack.
Cyber threats are growing in intensity and scale. We’ve seen significant breaches at government agencies and in private businesses, including leading financial institutions and large U.S. media companies. Recent allegations of the theft of top-security information connected to the development of sophisticated weapons and air defense systems have only heightened concerns about the security of the nation’s networks.. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) wants a preliminary framework in place by the end of this summer, with a final set of guidelines ready to go in February 2014.
The response to today’s cyber threats can’t be limited to Washington. Cybersecurity isn’t just about compliance with laws and regulation — it’s about guarding businesses from the increasing dangers of persistent threats. As importantly, an effective cybersecurity framework has to overcome barriers to continued economic growth — creating an environment that protects and nurtures innovation.
Certainly, the environment is complex. Critical industry sectors from energy and banking to transportation and health care answer to different government agencies or regulators. Therefore, it is imperative that any designated corporate cybersecurity officer sustain strong working relationships with appropriate government stakeholders.
It’s encouraging that many business leaders understand the threat. A growing number of corporate boards are demanding regular updates from CISOs or CIOs on their states of readiness. Corporate executives should be asking themselves: how can public and private organizations work together most efficiently; how should a productive relationship develop between the two sides on key cybersecurity issues; and how can threats be addressed while protecting intellectual property and individual rights to privacy?
It is critical that the public and private sectors work together to build a cybersecurity framework that takes into account the very legitimate business concerns of maintaining individual privacy obligations, securing corporate proprietary information, and safeguarding competitive positioning, while promoting an efficient exchange of information.
Not all attacks rise to the level of a Page One headline. In fact, many breaches can damage businesses in significant ways without triggering news attention. Vandalism of websites to full-fledged short-circuiting of networks lead to theft of intellectual property, fraud, and in the most extreme cases, threats to corporate survival.
Take, for example, the energy industry: According to one recent Congressional report, the computer systems that drive the U.S. electric grid are under frequent — even daily — attack. That survey of corporate officials found striking examples of ongoing attempts to steal critical information; one company reported experiencing 10,000 attempted attacks a month.
Every C-level executive has a role in stemming the tide of cyber-attacks. It’s not the responsibility of the CIO or even the CEO alone; COOs, CFOs, CROs, CPOs, and the corporate board should be equally invested in sharing active responsibility for the effort. A comprehensive corporate cybersecurity strategy is required.
To that end, all business leaders should adopt the following four steps:
Understand the challenge: An organization’s threat profile must be top of mind for all leaders. Creating ongoing monitoring methods and finding resolutions to reporting challenges would allow executives to see well ahead of the curve. Risk intelligence is perhaps more valuable in 21st century business than conventional business intelligence.
Establish accountability: Company management should be requesting quarterly reports on the organization’s most pressing cyber threats, to ensure that executives develop, track, and chart metrics which would enable them to quantify the impact of any intrusion. One designated leader, whether the CIO or other senior-level executive, could serve as the nexus for all cyber activities.
Coordinate efforts: A unified approach needs to be exactly that — unified. Assure that cyber security is well-managed not only through company headquarters, but all along the supply and value chain. Developing an effective national system to secure our critical infrastructure requires the coordination of key elements: protocols, sharing of sensitive data, and IT strategies.
Communicate: Government regulation and corporate risk management activity is at a high level. Cyber security officers should maintain regular communication with their industry associations and government contacts to make sure that industry perspectives are heard. Given the pervasive, business-critical role of IT and value of high-tech assets, the case for increased transparency and dialogue among stakeholders has never been stronger.
Nationally, we spend hundreds of millions of dollars on detecting, neutralizing, and recovering from cyber-attacks. There is perhaps no more important financial aspect of running a business these days than data maintenance and security.
While the cost of building an effective cyber defense system could be high, the cost of not doing enough may be even higher. One thing is certain: cyberattacks won’t stop while we discuss how to build a protective network, who should run it, and the price tag for implementation.
The solution starts with cooperation across public and private lines, and collectively putting the greater good — America’s national security and economic competitiveness — at the top of our priority list.It's the audio-only, invite-only app that everyone is talking about and where everyone talks. But is it just another fad or a seriously useful way to grow your business?
Like most of us, Charlie Moult, founder of Source Breathwork, a health and wellbeing coaching business, didn’t have a clue what Clubhouse was until her friends started to rave about the new invite-only app. They encouraged her to join, saying it would be a great way to promote her business.
Given that, as lockdown dragged on, she “found it harder and harder to have conversations with family and friends which weren’t COVID-related”, she decided to give it a whirl.
She has found the app useful for networking and increasing connections, she says, as well as for talking to like-minded people about anything other than coronavirus.
“The benefit of Clubhouse is you can connect and talk to people who are passionate about the same things as you are,” she reflects.
The audio-only app, which is still in its beta phase and only available for iPhone users, has grown considerably in the last six months. It gives people the opportunity to jump on a virtual stage with celebrities or hear them speak – Oprah Winfrey and Ashton Kutcher signed up, giving the app a huge publicity boost.
But it’s not just about celebrities, Harvey Morton, technology expert, explains.
Credits: Nelly Naylor Photography
“If you’ve ever fancied yourself as a podcast guest or host, Clubhouse is like a giant interactive podcast discussion. Rooms that I’ve visited have been based on topics from meditation and self-care to investing,” he says.
“The purpose of the app is to connect users over audio, and it’s even been used to find new talent for popular musicals like Hamilton!”
If you’re bored of your colleagues or friends seeing your backgrounds or face, then the app is definitely for you.
“The chat rooms are like Zoom but without any video,” says Mr Morton. “But if you want to talk on the platform, you must be a panellist or raise your (virtual) hand and join the stage of speakers.”
It may sound intimidating, but Charlie, who has grown her breath work coaching business since being on the app, admits that as an introvert it has given her the chance to showcase her knowledge without it feeling like the face-to-face networking that can be so daunting.
The entrepreneur also says that, unlike other social media platforms, it feels more genuine: “The reason why it works so well for collaborations and getting clients is that people can ask you questions and find out who you are.”
Credits: Alice Webb
Sarah Jordan, who runs a small sustainable fashion brand called You Underwear, likes Clubhouse for its community vibe.
“I’m a solo founder so it’s really useful to make connections with people doing the same thing,” she says.
“I personally benefit from hearing and talking to founders that are ahead of me in their business journey. While it gives me the space to share my failures too – and hopefully others can learn from my mistakes.”
The business owner says that she also uses it for personal pursuits and has listened to talks about subjects such as dating. She has also started private rooms to chat to friends on the platform, when Zoom fatigue hit.
In February, the app was said have around 10 million users and Sarah believes its popularity is down to the fact that “we’re all desperate for connection at the moment, but also very bored of Zoom, so it’s the perfect combination”.
New app, new scam
However, the app’s popularity has meant it’s been a target for scammers.
Currently not available for Android users, hackers created a fake Clubhouse app in late March, to trick Android users into downloading it. But instead of gaining access to the app they were hit by a malware trojan named ‘BlackRock’ – which can be used to steal personal data.
If you’re using it to network or learn, Harvey Morton advises caution, as you don’t know who’s genuine or who’s not – as is the case elsewhere on the internet.
“Make sure that you declutter your followers regularly and get rid of anyone who isn’t offering value to your business or learning,” he says.
When it comes to buying anything from Clubhouse users, he recommends using well-known payment platforms like PayPal, so you have buyer protection if they prove to be fraudulent and vanish on you.
“Do your research and ensure that the person you’re buying from has a good reputation on the platform. A Google search of the user could reveal forums where other people say they’ve been scammed, so make sure who you’re talking to is legit,” he adds.
But with the average person already spending up to 145 minutes on other social media platforms, will Clubhouse just be another time-wasting app?
Sarah admits to turning off her notifications so she isn’t distracted by the app all day. And Charlie makes sure she only uses the app at set times.
“Like any social media platform, it can take over,” says Sarah. “You just need to make sure you have some balance.”
Follow @VodafoneUKNews on Twitter., passionate, diverse, accomplished and constantly evolving team of experts, you will assemble major launch vehicle structures, secondary structure, and other spaceflight systems. You will share in the team’s impact on all aspects of transforming the way rockets are made and operated.
If you share our passions and vision, thrive in a dynamic startup environment, excel on integrated cross-functional teams of diverse individuals,- Support Us
- Calendar
- Get Involved
- Education
- Chesed
- News
- West Side Resources
Vision
The Jewish Center, a cornerstone of Modern Orthodox Jewish Life on the Upper West Side, inspires its members and embraces the broader Jewish community through vibrant prayer, serious Torah study, spiritual inquiry, charitable endeavors, appreciation of world culture and an abiding commitment to the State of Israel.
The Jewish Center is a vibrant and dynamic synagogue and social center located in the heart of Manhattan's pulsating Upper West Side. A flagship for Modern Orthodoxy in New York City, The Jewish Center offers a full complement!On the same day President Biden signed a bill designating Juneteenth a federal holiday, Apple and Google announced new grants for historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs).
Four schools—Alabama A&M University, Howard University, Morgan State University, and Prairie View A&M University—will share a $5 million "Innovation Grant" from Apple, which last year introduced the broader $100 million Racial Equity and Justice Initiative.
With a focus on education, criminal justice reform, and economic equality, the REJI is Cupertino's long-term effort to "help ensure more positive outcomes for communities of color, particularly for the Black community," the company says.
Each university will receive a $1.25 million cut of the three-year grant, designed to support engineering schools, prepare students for careers in hardware technology and silicon chip design, and expand emerging hardware technologies coursework, USA Today reports.
"The HBCU community is home to incredible Black talent and we are thrilled to work alongside these universities to enhance the opportunities for their students," Lisa Jackson, Apple's vice president of environment, policy, and social initiatives, said in a statement. "We know many jobs of the future will be in innovative areas like silicon engineering and we want to help ensure the leaders of tomorrow have access to transformational learning opportunities."
More money for these universities means more lab space, guest lecturers, scholarships and fellowships, faculty training, and curriculum support, among other benefits. As of July 2020, Apple's Community Education Initiative extends to 24 locations across the US—12 of which are HBCUs and 21 of which predominantly serve majority Black and Brown students.
"Apple's investment … underscores a recognition in the proven ability of HBCUs to produce top talent that not only enhances workforce diversity, but also contributes to the advancement of innovation and global competitiveness in critical STEM fields," says Morgan State University President David K. Wilson.
Howard University Dean John M. M. Anderson echoes that sentiment, adding that "through design projects and internships, our students will have the opportunity to engage with Apple engineers and benefit greatly from their knowledge, experience, and mentorship."
Google, meanwhile, will offer a $50 million grant to 10 HBCUs "that will help support scholarships, invest in technical infrastructure for in-class and remote learning, and develop curriculum and career support programs," Chief Diversity Officer Melonie Parker wrote in a blog announcement.
Spelman College, North Carolina A&T, Claflin University, Florida A&M University, Tuskegee University, UNCF (United Negro College Fund), and Thurgood Marshall College Fund—as well as Morgan State, Prairie View A&M, and Howard—will each benefit from a one-time, unrestricted $5 million endowment, part of Google's largest-ever financial commitment for historically Black colleges and universities.
"Despite the success of HBCUs, Black professionals continue to be underrepresented across the tech industry. We want to do our part to support these institutions as we work to help close the gap, together," Parker says. "This grant further solidifies our commitment to providing access and opportunities for underrepresented groups in tech. We'll continue to partner closely with HBCUs to achieve this sharedAbout Our Learning Support Services Program
The Padua Franciscan High School Learning Support Program (LSS) encompasses a variety of services, having the common goal to ensure that all students succeed in Padua’s college preparatory curriculum by meeting the students’ individual needs. The LSS Program includes the following: Learning Disabilities Program, Autism Program, Speech-language services, and SEGO/Accommodation Plan services. Padua has services that meet the needs of students identified having a Specific Learning Disability, Other Health Impairments – Minor, Autism, and Speech/Language Impairment. Behavioral supports and academic modifications are not available to meet the needs for students identified as Intellectual Disability, Multiple Disability, and Emotional Disturbance.
Learning Support Services Program Overview
Learning Disability Program
The purpose of the Learning Disability Program is to educate students to the maximum of their potential, increase the students’ opportunities for success, and to prepare for post-secondary education. The classes are unique in that they are taught to the individual needs, goals, and objectives in their educational plans. Because students’ learning rates and styles vary considerably, the need for flexibility is established with individual student expectations.
Regular English and math class curriculum is followed. Accommodations can be implemented in all classes. Each class will focus on appropriate curriculum based on the needs of the individual student. Students will also have course options for learning support, based on eligibility and placement. This will be determined upon acceptance.
The following classes follow the track of the LD English Program. Specific areas emphasized include the following:
English 9 – Sentence structure, paragraphs, essays, grammar, reading fluency, reading comprehension, proofreading and vocabulary
English 10 – Paragraphs, essays, speech, reading comprehension, proofreading and vocabulary
English 11 – Paragraph and essay writing, grammar, style, mechanics, proofreading, reading comprehension, literary elements, research reports, college applications, and vocabulary
English 12 – Essay writing, mechanics, proofreading, style, reading comprehension, literary elements, resume writing, and vocabulary
The following classes follow the track of the LD Mathematics Program. Specific areas emphasized include the following:
Math 9 – Variables and equations, absolute values, properties and integers, polynomials, factoring, and applied problems
Algebra IB – Real numbers, ratios and proportions, functions, linear equations, rational and irrational numbers, equations, and quadratic functions
Geometry A – Properties and measurement of points, lines, angles, plane surfaces and solids; problems including theorems, postulate, and corollaries in geometric properties; review of algebra concepts and topics
Math Concepts – Graphing, systems of equations, relations and functions, rational expressions, radicals, quadratic functions and equations, statistics and standard deviation, and logarithmic functions
Goals & Objectives
Students in the LD Program have goals and objectives in an Individual Education Plan (IEP) that the Intervention Specialist monitors on a quarterly schedule. The Intervention Specialist meets with each individual teacher and discusses possible accommodations appropriate for each class. Common Core Standards will be implemented at each grade level.
Autism Program
The Autism Program at Padua, a student-centered program for individuals on the Autism Spectrum, provides additional social and academic support across the curriculum and throughout a student’s Padua experience. Services include providing speech-language therapy through IEP goals to address specific individual needs, as well as providing support in the areas of social skills, executive functions, and academics. Services are usually provided during regularly scheduled study halls. The speech-language pathologist works closely with the classroom teachers, intervention specialists, school counselors, and administrators to promote student success.
Speech-Language Program
The Speech-Language Program at Padua is a curriculum-based therapy program, providing speech-language therapy to meet the needs of students with IEP goals by using a student’s current curriculum whenever possible. The speech-language services are usually provided during the student’s regularly scheduled study hall. The speech-language pathologist works closely with the classroom teachers, intervention specialists, school counselors, and administrators to promote student success.
SEGO/504/Accommodation Plans
Padua utilizes a comprehensive, case-by-case approach when determining eligibility for services and reasonable accommodations for students requesting Accommodation Plans. Students requesting accommodations from Padua are required to provide documentation regarding their diagnosed impairment(s) and its educational impact.
Please note, a previous IEP/SEGO/504/Accommodation Plan, while helpful in establishing a record of supported accommodations, may not be enough to establish the presence of a disability at the high school level.
For incoming students: Padua requires the Needs Verification Form to be completed thoroughly as well as have an observational period during the student’s first quarter at Padua where the team will utilize teacher assessments in determining what is the best course of action to meet a student’s needs at the high school level.
Please contact Mrs. Amanda Ortiz Byrnes in the Counseling Department at (440) 845-2444 x126 with questions.
Can We Serve Your Student?
If your student is interested in coming to Padua, please email, fax or mail a copy of your son/daughter’s IEP and ETR (from 7th or 8th grade) or 504/Accommodation Plan to Ann Marie Frattare ’94, Vice President of Enrollment, at afrattare@paduafranciscan.com. Padua will review the paperwork and let you know if we can meet your child’s needs. Please review Learning Support Services Program Admission Policy for more information.
Support Staff
Mr. David Gutin
Math Tutor (Monday-Thursday 10:30 a.m.-4:00 p.m.)
DGutin@paduafranciscan.com
Mrs. Erin Kalkbrenner ’02
Math Intervention Specialist (Monday-Friday)
Phone: 440.845.2444 x149 Fax: 440.845.5710
Ms. Bridgette Kreutzer
English Intervention Specialist (Monday-Friday)
Phone: 440.845.2444 x149 Fax: 440.845.5710
Mrs. Carolyn Chunyo
Intervention Specialist/Tutor (Monday-Friday)
CChunyo@paduafranciscan.net
440.888.3440
Mrs. Sal Karanouh-Schuler
School Psychologist (Tuesday & Wednesday)
skaranouhschuler@paduafranciscan.com
Phone: 440.845.2444 x 168 Fax: 440.845.5710
Ms. Sarah Peterson ’14
Speech Pathologist
speterson@paduafranciscan.net
Phone: 440.845.2444 x270 Fax: 440.845.5710Tokyo Joypolis
The Basics
Tokyo Joypolis tickets come in a variety of formats. Purchase an admission ticket, then pay for games and rides as you go, or opt for a full Tokyo Joypolis Passport to include all games, rides, and unlimited re-entry for the whole day, evening, or night. Book your tickets ahead of time to avoid disappointment and to skip the lines. Combine a visit to Tokyo Joypolis with nearby attractions such as Madame Tussauds Tokyo or LEGOLAND® Discovery Center, or consider adding on an experience such as a Tokyo Bay dinner cruise, a Robot Cabaret show and dinner, or a sumo, manga, or samurai experience.
Things to Know Before You Go
Tokyo Joypolis is ideal for video game enthusiasts, thrill seekers, and families with children.
Bring your passport for a discount on admission.
There are minimum height requirements for certain rides.
Some of the games and rides are not suitable for those with motion, light, sound, or other sensitivities.
Trip ideas
When to Get There
Tokyo Joypolis is open daily from 10am to 10pm, with last admission at 9:45pm. It can be extremely busy on weekends and holidays, especially school holidays, so avoid those times for smaller crowds and to minimize wait times for games. The attraction is entirely indoors, which makes it a great option during inclement weather.
Nearby Attractions
There are a number of attractions in Odaiba, and visitors can easily spend an entire day here. In addition to Tokyo Joypolis, Odaiba is also home to LEGOLAND® Discovery Center, Madame Tussauds Tokyo, the Palette Town Big Ferris Wheel, the Oedo Onsen Monogatari, the Mori Building Digital Art Museum teamLab Borderless, and the interactive Miraikan Science Museum.
-)
- Zojo-ji Temple
- Tsukishima Monja Street
- Tsukiji Fish Market
- Tokyo Tower
- Happo-en GardenTo request boxes, please submit the collection, series, and box number(s) via our Contact form.
Showing Collections: 11 - 20 of 162
Clifford
Columbian College of Arts and Sciences Graduate Studies Office records
Collection
Identifier: RG0010
Overview This collection includes annual reports, statistics, correspondence, memos, dean's files, department and program files, dissertation lists, meeting minutes, and brochures.
Dates: 1907-2004
Cynthia Harrison feminist documents collection
Collection
Identifier: MS1005-UA
Abstract This collection consists of articles, newsletters, children’s books, lecture notes, personal notes, and personal correspondence, as well as photocopies of primary sources such as newspaper articles, press releases, reports and memoranda related to GWU Professor Cynthia Ellen Harrison’s research and personal involvement in the women’s rights movement. Items date from the early 1920’s to the mid 1990’s, with the bulk of the material dating to between 1960 and 1980.Cynthia Ellen...
Dates: 1921-2008; Majority of material found within 1960 - 1980Persephone- Goddess of the Underworld
Persephone in Greek religion, little girl of Zeus, the main god, and Demeter, the goddess of farming; she was the spouse of Hades, ruler of the hidden world. In the Homeric “Psalm to Demeter,” the story is recounted how Persephone was gathering blossoms in the Vale of Nysa when she was seized by Hades and eliminated to the hidden world. After learning of the snatching, her mom, Demeter, in her hopelessness, became uninterested with the collect or the productivity of the earth, so far and wide starvation resulted. Zeus consequently interceded, instructing Hades to deliver Persephone to her mom. Since Persephone had eaten a solitary pomegranate seed in the hidden world, in any case, she was unable to be totally liberated; however needed to stay 33% of the year with Hades, and went through the other 66% with her mother.The story that Persephone went through four months of every year in the hidden world was almost certainly intended to represent the infertile appearance of Greek fields in full summer after reap, before their restoration in the pre-winter downpours, when they are furrowed and planted.
She was additionally called Kore, which signifies “lady” and grew up to be a stunning young lady drawing in the consideration of numerous divine beings. Be that as it may, Demeter had a fixated love for her solitary little girl and got all men far from her.
The most continuing admirer of Persephone was Hades, the lord of the Underworld. He was a hard, moderately aged man, living in obscurity, among the shadows of the Dead. However, his heart mollified when he saw Persephone and was astounded by his childhood, excellence and newness. At the point when he requested that Demeter wed her little girl, Demeter got irate and said there wasn’t the smallest possibility for that to occur. Hades was heart-broken and chosen to get Persephone regardless.
At some point, while the young lady was playing and picking blossoms alongside her companions in a valley, she observed the most charming narcissus she had ever seen. As she lowered down to pick the blossom, the earth underneath her feet abruptly severed open and through the hole Hades himself came out on his chariot with dark ponies. Hades got the stunning lady before she could shout for help and plummeted into his hidden world realm while the hole in the earth shut after them.
Other girls had not seen anything since everything happened rapidly. They didn’t know the first thing about the unexpected vanishing of Persephone. The entire occurrence, be that as it may, had been seen by Zeus, father of the lady and sibling of the abductor, just as by Helios, lord of the Sun. Zeus chose to stay quiet about the entire thing to forestall a battle with his sibling while Helios shrewdly thought it better not to engage in whatever didn’t concern him.
A distressed and shattered Demeter meandered the earth searching for her girl until her old buddy Hecate, goddess of wild and labor, encouraged her to look for the assistance of Helios, the all powerful Sun god, to discover her little girl. Helios felt frustrated about Demeter, who was crying and arguing with him to help her. Accordingly she discovered that Persephone had been captured by Hades. At the point when she heard that, Demeter blew up and needed to render retribution yet Helios recommended that it was not something awful for Persephone to be the spouse of Hades and sovereign of the dead.
Demeter, be that as it may, couldn’t let it go. She was irate at this affront and profoundly accepted that Hades, who after totally had just dead individuals for organization, was not the right spouse for her sweet girl. She likewise blew up at Zeus for not having uncovered this to her. To rebuff divine beings and to pain, Demeter chose to take a long and endless leave from her obligations as the goddess of gathering and richness, with decimating results. The earth started to dry up,harvests fizzled, plants lost their productivity, creatures were biting the dust for the absence of food and starvation spread to the entire earth, bringing about untold hopelessness.
The calls of individuals who were experiencing arrived at Olympus and the heavenly ears of Zeus. The strong god at last understood that in the event that he wouldn’t take care of his significant other’s fury, all humankind would vanish. Consequently he attempted to discover another answer for both quiet Demeter and please Hades. He guaranteed Demeter to reestablish Persephone to her in the event that it very well may be demonstrated that the lady stays with Hades without wanting to. Something else, Persephone has a place with her significant other.
The shrewd Hades took in this arrangement and deceived his hesitant lady of the hour, who was crying the entire day and night from despair, to eat a couple of seeds of the pomegranate organic product. This was the food of the Underworld and each time somebody ate even a couple of seeds of this, then, at that point, sooner or later, he would miss life in the Underworld. At the point when the social event before Zeus occurred and Persephone was asked where she might want to live, she addressed that she needed to live with her significant other. At the point when Demeter heard that, she got goaded and blamed Hades that in some way or another he had deceived her girl.
An extraordinary battle followed and Demeter compromised that she could never again make the earth fruitful and everybody on Earth would kick the bucket. To put an end to this squabble, Zeus concluded that Persephone would go through half months with her significant other in Hades and half months with her mom on Olympus. This option satisfied none of the two rivals, by the by that had no other alternative except to acknowledge it.
Along these lines the stunning lady Persephone turned into the legitimate spouse of Hades and Queen of the Underworld. During the half year that Persephone spent in the Underworld, her mom was dismal and not in the state of mind to manage collect. Accordingly she would pass on the Earth to decrease.
As indicated by the antiquated Greeks, these were the long stretches of Autumn and Winter, when the land isn’t rich and doesn’t give crops. At whatever point Persephone went to Olympus to live with her mom, Demeter would sparkle from satisfaction and the land would become ripe again and productive. These were the long stretches of Spring and Summer. Hence, this fantasy was made to clarify the difference in the seasons, the unceasing pattern of Nature’s demise and resurrection.Health Risks of Ozone from Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution
- Publisher
World Health Organization
- Published
31st March 2009
- ISBN 9789289042895
- Language English
- Pages 106 pp.
- Size 6.25" x 9.5".
Executive summary; 1) Introduction; 2) Hazard assessment of ozone: Ozone toxicokinetics; Acute responses; Chronic effects in humans; Thresholds; Susceptible groups; Health Implications; 3) Sources of ozone precursors: Ozone formation and atmospheric transport; Sources of ozone precursor emissions; Projections of future emissions of ozone precursors; Interactions of ozone precursor emissions with other environmental problems; 4) Ozone levels: Monitoring results; Observed ozone trends; Modelling techniques and validation; Ozone and climate change; 5) Population exposure projections: Exposure versus ambient measurements; Population exposure modelling; 6) Risk estimates: Effects of ozone on mortality; Estimation of impacts on morbidity; Health effects and cost–benefit analysis; Transferability between populations; Evidence on reversibility of the health impacts; 7) Conclusions: Ozone air pollution is a significant health hazard in Europe; Health effects of long-range transboundary ozone are most likely proportional to the contribution of long-range sources to ozone exposure levels; Current policies lead to only a small reduction in risk; Key uncertainties, research needs and policy implications; References; Annex 1: List of Working Group members and reviewers.Antari have recently announced their first haze effect machine which runs with CO2 and fog fluid. The technology allows for a quiet operating level while running at an efficient 2ml/min @ 40 psi for fluid and 0.36kg/hr @ 40 psi for CO2. Our first shipment is due at the beginning of April along with the CHL2 fluid to suit.Teaching
- Mycorrhizal Ecology (Biol 589), Washington State University (2019-present)
- Plants and People (Biol 401), Washington State University (2018-present)
- Special problems (Biol 499), Washington State University (2018-present)
- Microbiology (MBios 305), Washington State University (2018, 2019)
- Molecular Methods in Microbiology (BI 488/588 lab, Teaching Assistant), Portland State University (2007-2009)
- Introduction to Microbiology (BI 235 lab, Teaching Assistant), Portland State University (2007-2009)
- Research and Society (BI 480, Teaching Assistant), Portland State University (2009)
- Genes and Society (BI 341, Teaching Assistant), Portland State University (2006)
- Principles of Biology (BI 251, BI 252 lab, Teaching Assistant), Portland State University (2005-2006)
Science Education & Outreach
- Science Extravaganza, “Good and Bad Microbes” using a bread dough activity (yeast) and hand washing activity (germs) with preschoolers, Children’s Garden Montessori, Richland, WA, Spring 2019
- Idaho Native Plant Society, Moscow, ID – Talk title: Harnessing the power of soil microbes for ecological restorations, Spring 2018
- Science Extravaganza, DNA extraction from strawberries with preschoolers, Children’s Garden Montessori, Richland, WA, Spring 2018
- Role of mycorrhizal fungi in ecological restorations. Presentation to Eco Logic LLC, Bloomington, Indiana and to the City of Bloomington Parks and Recreation Department, Bloomington, Indiana, 2017
-“Anton Nel, winner of the first prize in the 1987 Naumburg International Piano Competition at Carnegie Hall enjoys a remarkable and multifaceted career that has taken him to North and South America, Europe, Asia, and South Africa.”
Grantham: J’ai été au bal
Saint-Saëns: Piano Concerto No. 5 in F major Op. 103 “Egyptian”*
Serpa: An Invocation
Copland: Rodeo (complete ballet score)
Anton Nel, piano*
Austin Symphony Orchestra/Peter Bay, conductor
Long Center for the Performing Arts
Austin, Texas
Saturday, February 27, 2016
Some years ago I came across a 1993 live recording of Saint-Saëns Piano Concerto No. 5, featuring Sviatoslav Richter. I didn’t know the piece, but I figured that if a great artist like Richter thought it was worth his time to learn it, it was probably worth my time to listen to it. And what a revelation it was. At the time, I was no great fan of Saint-Saëns but hearing this concerto forced me to re-examine my prejudice.
Nearly every Saint-Saëns piece, apart from The Swan, has thousands of notes and Piano Concerto No. 5 is no different in that respect. It also has some good tunes – another Saint-Saens trademark – as well as fresh and original passages of music, especially in the second movement, and pianistic challenges that have to be heard to be believed.
What I heard this past weekend in Austin not only confirmed my affection for the concerto, but also showcased the artistry of internationally renowned pianist Anton Nel, who deservedly brought the capacity audience to its feet with his spectacular rendition of Saint-Saëns Piano Concerto No. 5.
Anton Nel, a local favourite in Austin, heads the piano department at the Butler School of Music at the University of Texas and appears with the Austin Symphony nearly every season. A consummate artist, Nel’s vast repertoire embraces nearly everything written for the piano, and his technique beggars the imagination. He has that rare ability to lift music off the page and into the hearts and minds of his listeners. A communicator of the highest order, he imbued the peculiar modal melodies of the slow movement of Concerto No. 5 with a poetic inner life and in the last movement, his ferocious rendering of the repeated passages in the bass was electrifying.
This was great playing by any standard and must have won new friends for this rarely-played Saint-Saëns concerto. And what an inspired choice of encore – a perfectly charming rendition of Chabrier’s Scherzo-Valse. Wonderful!
Thoughtful and satisfying in nearly all respects, the evening’s program featured attractive recent works by two Austin composers.
Donald Grantham teaches composition at the Butler School of Music and over the years he has produced a significant body of work. J’ai étéau bal is a real crowd-pleaser and deserves more frequent performances. In the words of the composer, it “is a celebration of some of the popular/folk music styles of Louisiana – in particular, Cajun music and the brass band tradition of New Orleans.” It is very much in the tradition of Aaron Copland, whose ballet score Rodeo was heard later in the concert.
Both Grantham and Copland took real bits of American popular and folk music and each used them as raw material for his own evocation of Americana. In neither piece are tunes merely quoted verbatim one after the other; rather, they are transformed rhythmically and melodically and given surprising orchestral timbres to become something new and interesting. Grantham not only used authentic Louisiana songs, but also added some of the instruments typical of his sources, such as washboard and spoons. Under conductor Peter Bay the Austin Symphony played Grantham’s celebration of “all things Louisiana” with skill and enthusiasm.
Steven Serpa’s An Invocation for oboe and string orchestra was a far less ambitious piece and much less compelling. The orchestra’s principal oboist Beth Sanders played very well but the work was little more than a pretty pastoral interlude.
Copland’s Rodeo (1942) – by now one of the classics of American music – along with his other “cowboy” ballet Billy the Kid, established the style for music depicting the American West. Composers writing scores for western films owe a great debt to Copland. Listening to the music last weekend, I was struck by how enduring it is, and how deeply it expresses an important part of what it means to be an American. This dimension, which was widely understood at the time of the premiere in 1942, seems even more meaningful today. At a time when many Americans are uncertain about their future and divided about their identities, the spirit of America lives on in music like Rodeo.
Nearly every professional orchestra in America can play scores like Rodeo as ‘to the manner born,’ but Peter Bay and his musicians gave us something more. Accurate and sparkling, the performance was also extraordinarily sensitive to the unusual timbres and to the remarkable beauty of the score’s quiet moments..If heat,).
[print_this].
[/print_this]Amandine roux porn gangbang marathon gang bang porn multiple sex partners in mar. Enjoy sexy XXX pics - a free sex site made by dedicated professionals. There is so much naughty fucking in hot porn pics in different positions and in different angles. Free sony leon shaver HQ porn sony leon shaver pictures an download it.
Amazing horny sluts, amateur girls and matures, all alongside in marvelous nude pics.
Check out naked older women porn. Lovely breasty russian teen whore susan eubanks featuring nice facial cumshot porn movie.
Do you need some free sex photos. Our team spends the time needed to make sure that you are getting the absolute best free porn pics.
The plame scandal involved a white house aide publicly outing a covert cia agent.
Watch all featured maria cedar XXX images right now. Watch and download agra girls porn hot porn agra girls porn pictures and get to mobile. Shaggy granny midget big beautiful ungentlemanly sucks with the addition of getsfucked hard.
Featuring hot pussy, sexy girls in XXX rated porn porn galleries.NHL Men's Austin Czarnik Calgary Flames 2019 Pacific Division Champions Clipping Red T-Shirt
Your great team Calgary Flames has became the 2019 Atlantic Division Champions. Cheer on them with this Men's Calgary Flames Austin Czarnik Austin Czarnik Calgary Flames 2019 Pacific Division Champions Clipping Red T-Shirt
Price: $29.00
In stock
In stock
Rated 4.9/5 based on 109 customer reviews
Tags: NHL, NHL Calgary Flames, NHL Calgary Flames Austin Czarnik, Men's, Men's T-Shirt, Men's T-Shirt Pacific Division Champions, Western Union, Pacific Division, Calgary Flames, T-ShirtScientists reveal the most effective supplements and foods to ease the pain of arthritis sufferers (and it’s good news if you take fish oil and eat kale)
- Just one-and-a-half fish oil supplements a day reduces inflammation to ease pain
- Vitamin K, which is found in kale and parsley, promotes bone and cartilage repair
- Weight loss in the obese helps to reduce the strain on patients’ joints
- Researchers emphasise the importance of lifestyle choices in managing arthritis
- Osteoarthritis affects up to one third of people over 45 in the UK
16
View
Scientists have revealed the most effective ways osteoarthritis (OA) suffers can ease their agonising pain.
After analysing minimise pain by reducing the strain put on joints, as well as excessive weight loss being linked to inflammation, the research adds..
Fish-oil supplements significantly reduce discomfort by easing inflammation .’.
Osteoarthritis affects up to one third of people over 45 in the UK (stock) the non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) naproxen and celecoxib, a study by the non-profit health system Dartmouth-Hitchcock, New England,.
Source: Read Full ArticleBarclaycard Arena
Revamping one of the West Midlands’ biggest arenas.
When it opened in 1991, the former National Indoor Arena (NIA) was the largest of its kind in the UK, hosting a variety of national and international events including: concerts, business conferences and exhibitions. But by 2012, almost 20 years on, the venue was falling short of space and modern entertainment standards.
In 2014, the NEC Group appointed Gleeds to cost manage the refurbishment and extension of the arena. Their vision was to reclaim the venue’s position as one of Birmingham’s leading attractions, as well as being one of the West Midlands’ biggest arenas.
A better and bigger space
6,000m2 of space was added to the venue in just over 6 months. The extension increased the arena capacity by 3,000 people, using a combination of permanent and temporary seating configurations.
New facilities include:
- A spacious meeting hall accompanied by multiple restaurants
- Private/corporate hospitality areas
- Merchandising stands
- VIP lounges
- Bars and recreational facilities
Key challenges and solutions
To minimise the impact of construction on bookings, the client arranged for two 12-13 week windows for building work to take place. With such a short time to complete the work required, planning was key. Our team took care of:
- Balancing client aspirations within the available budget
- Detailing cost options during client workshop meetings
- Carrying out risk assessments to identify and mitigate risk during the works
- Providing a detailed and robust cost plan to control price fluctuations during the pre-construction period
The venue was renamed Barclaycard Arena after its renovation in 2014 and now welcomes over half a million visitors a year, attracting some of the world’s top talent and sporting events.
Did you know...
Barclaycard Arena officially opened with a performance by singer Michael Bublé on 2nd December 2014. Since re-opening the Arena’s NPS scores have increased dramatically, demonstrating the enhanced audience experience.
The ROI is on track through greater yields per show and more major events have been attracted to the Arena and Birmingham e.g the 2018 IAAF World Indoor Championships.GFMC: Forest Fires in the Russian Federation
Forest Fires in the Russian Federation
31 July 2010
Smoke plumes from fires burning in Nijni Novgorod Region
are are now drifting away from Moscow region.
Source: MODIS Terra scene (aquired on 31 July 2010, 250m
resolution).
Germany.
Source:
Russian wildfires leave 28 dead, thousands homeless.
Source: edition.cnn.com
The list of commissions on liquidation of consequences of fires and rendering assistance to the victims (Source:)
Presidential Order of 30 July 2010
To Vladimir V. Putin:
Operate together with enforcement authorities of regions of the Russian Federation exhaustive measures on liquidation of fires, rendering assistance to the victims, strengthening of fire-prevention safety and preventive maintenance of ignitions. Organize acquisitions to the Siberian and Far East Air rescue centers of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia the amphibians “BE-200”.
G.S.Poltavchenko, I.I.Klebanovu, V.V.Ustinovu, G.A.Rapote, N.A.Vinnichenko, A.V.Kvashninu, V.I.Ishaevu, A.G.Hloponinu
Take actions on rendering assistance to the victims
J.J.Chajke, S.V.Stepashinu, K.A.Chujchenko
Check up efficiency of an expenditure of means of the federal budget allocated for fire-fighting and rendering assistance to the victims.
President of the Russia Federation
D. Medvedev
Перечень поручений по ликвидации последствий пожаров и оказанию помощи пострадавшим
30 июля 2010
“В.В.Путину
Примите совместно с органамисчерпывающие меры по ликвидации пожаров, оказанию помощи пострадавшим, усилению противопожарной безопасности и профилактике возгораний. Организуйте дооснащение Сибирского и Дальневосточного авиационно-спасательных центров МЧС России самолётами-амфибиями “Бе-200ЧС”.
Г.С.Полтавченко, И.И.Клебанову, В.В.Устинову, Г.А.Рапоте, Н.А.Винниченко, А.В.Квашнину, В.И.Ишаеву, А.Г.Хлопонину
Примите меры по оказанию помощи пострадавшим.
Ю.Я.Чайке, С.В.Степашину, К.А.Чуйченко
Проверьте эффективность расходования средств федерального бюджета, выделяемых на борьбу с пожарами и оказанию помощи пострадавшим”.
Order of Government of Russia about assignment for financial aid to regions rendering suffered from forest fires (Source:)
Order No. 1286-r of 30 July 2010
1. To allocate to Government of the Republic of Mordovia , to Government of the Republic of Tatarstan ,to the Governments of the Belgorod, Voronezh, Ivanovo, Kirov, Moscow, Nizhniy Novgorod, Ryazan, Ulyanovsk regions, and also Administrations of the Vladimir, Lipetsk, Tambov and Tula regions from the Federal Budget of the Grant for support of measures on maintenance of equation of budgets of regions of the Russian Federation at a rate of 5 billion roubles for rendering of financial aid to the citizens who have lost premises as a result of forest fires, occurred in 2010 in territories of the specified regions of the Russian Federation (further – forest fires), with distribution according to the appendix.
The specified grants to use for restoration and building of habitation with a view of granting to its citizens who have lost a premises, rendering of financial aid to citizens in connection with loss of property by them from calculation to 100 thousand roubles to each citizen, on infrastructure restoration, and also for payments of a lump sum to members of families of the citizens, lost (died) as a result of forest fires, at the rate of 1 million roubles on each victim (died).
To recommend to enforcement authorities of subjects of the Russian Federation to carry out additional payments in connection with property loss at the rate of 100 thousand roubles to each citizen.
2. To the enforcement authorities specified in point 1 of the present order to present to Ministry of Regional Development of Russia:
– Lists of the citizens who have lost houses as a result of forest fires that approved by the Ministry of Emergency Situations and the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia;
– In 3-day term – plans on liquidation of consequences of forest fires.
3. To the Ministry of Finance of Russia according to the appendix to the present order to list the grants specified in point 1 of the present order, to budgets of corresponding regions of the Russian Federation.
4. The control over execution of the present order I reserve.
The chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation
V. Putin
Appendix to the order of the Government of the Russian Federation 1286-r of 30 July 2010
Distribution of grants to budgets of regions of the Russian Federation on support of measures on maintenance of equation of budgets of subjects of the Russian Federation for rendering of financial aid to the citizens who have lost premises as a result of forest fires, occurred in 2010.
The subjects of the Russian Federation will receive the following amount of grant (million roubles):
Republic Mordovia – 237
Republic Tatarstan – 20
Belgorod region – 28
Vladimir region – 131
Voronezh region – 1073
Ivanovo region – 32
Kirov region – 24
Lipetsk region – 158
Moscow Region – 174
Nizhniy Novgorod region – 2533
Ryazan region – 499
Tambov region – 59
Tula region – 24
Ulyanovsk region – 8
Total Grant: 5 Billion Rubles
Распоряжениеот 30 июля 2010 г. 1286-р
1. ВыделитьПравительствуРеспубликиМордовия,ПравительствуРеспубликиТатарстан,правительствамБелгородской, Воронежской,Ивановской, Кировской,Московской, Нижегородской, Рязанской,Ульяновскойобластей,атакжеадминистрациямВладимирской, Липецкой,ТамбовскойиТульскойобластейизфедеральногобюджетадотвразмере 5 млрд. рубленатерриторияхуказанныхсубъектовРоссийскойФедерации (далее – лесныепожары),сраспределениемсогласноприложению.
Указанныедотациииспользоватьдлявосстановленияистроительстважильявцеляхпредоставленияегогражданам,лишившимсяжилогопомещения,оказанияматериальнойпомощигражданамвсвязисутратойимиимуществаизрасчетадо 100 тыс. рублейкаждомугражданину,навосстановлениеинфраструктуры, атакжедлявыплатединовременногопособиячленамсемейграждан,погибших (умерших)врезультателесныхпожаров,израсчета 1 млн. рублейнакаждогопогибшего (умершего).
РекомендоватьорганамисполнительнойвластисубъектовРоссийскойФедерацииосуществитьдополнительныевыплатывсвязисутратойимуществаизрасчета 100 тыс. рублейкаждомугражданину.
2. Органамисполнительнойвласти,указаннымвпункте 1 настоящегораспоряжения, представитьвМинрегионРоссии:
– согласованныесМЧСРоссиииМВДРоссииспискиграждан,лишившихсяжилогопомещенияврезультателесныхпожаров;
– в 3-дневныйсрок – планыполиквидациипоследствийлесныхпожаров.
3. МинфинуРоссиивсоответствиисприложениемкнастоящемураспоряжениюперечислитьдотации,указанныевпункте 1 настоящегораспоряжения, бюджетамсоответствующихсубъектовРоссийскойФедерации.
4. Контрользаисполнениемнастоящегораспоряженияоставляюзасобой.
ПредседательПравительства
РоссийскойФедерацииВ.Путин
ПриложениекраспоряжениюПравительстваРоссийскойФедерацииот 30 июля 2010 г. 1286-р
РаспределениедотацийбюджетамсубъектовРоссийскойФедер
СубъектРоссийскойФедерации – Размердотации (млн.рублей)
РеспубликаМордовия – 237
РеспубликаТатарстан – 20
Белгородскаяобласть – 28
Владимирскаяобласть – 131
Воронежскаяобласть – 1073
Ивановскаяобласть – 32
Кировскаяобласть – 24
Липецкаяобласть – 158
Московскаяобласть – 174
Нижегородскаяобласть – 2533
Рязанскаяобласть – 499
Тамбовскаяобласть – 59
Тульскаяобласть – 24
Ульяновскаяобласть – 8
Итого-5000
Forest Forum Greenpeace of Russia (31 July 2010): During last two days 25 people died from forest fires in Russia (Source:)
According to the operative data of the Ministry of Emergency Situations – EMERCOM of the Russian Federation, for last two days as a result of forest fires in Russia 25 persons died, including two firemen. In 14 regions of the Russian Federation for this period forest fires destroyed 1257 houses, without a roof over the head there are 2885 persons. 3396 persons are evacuated.
How much this data is exact, while it is not known. From the very beginning of a fire season of 2010 many territorial bodies of EMERCOM repeatedly underestimated the data about a fire area, unreasonably informed on absence of acting fires etc. Taking into account it, it is represented to the most probable, as the data about quantity of the lost people and the burnt down houses also can be strongly underestimated.
ЛеснойфорумГринписРоссии, 31 июля 2010.
СогласнооперативнымданнымМЧСРФ, втомчиследвоепожарных.В 14 субъектахРоссийскойФедерациизаэтотпериодлеснымипожарамиуничтожены 1257 жилыхдомов,безкроваостались 2885 человек.Эвакуированы 3396 человек.
Насколькоэтиданныеточны,поканеизвестно.Ссамогоначалапожарногосезона 2010 годамногиетерриториальныеорганыМЧСмногократнозанижалиданныеоплощадипожаров,необоснованносообщалиоботсутствиидействовавшихпожаровит.д.Сучетомэтого, представляетсянаиболеевероятным,чтоиданныеоколичествепогибшихлюдейисгоревшихдомовтакжемогутбытьсильнозаниженными.
Forest Forum Greenpeace of Russia: Minimum 21 people died from Forset Fires during last two days in European part of Russia (30 July 2010) (Source:)
At least 21 persons died as a result of forest fires for last two days in the Nizhniy Novgorod, Moscow and Voronezh regions. For the same time in Central and Privolzhsky Federal Districts has burnt down 1170 houses. Radio station “Echo Moscow” informs on it referring to Management of the information of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia. Most likely, this information is far not full.
The Federal Forest Agency informed in its report for 30 July 2010 that victims and suffered from forest fires in Russia are not present.
Such quantity of forest fires as now, in the European Russia were not since 1972. Such damage to settlements and such quantity of victims among civilians was not from the end of 30th years of the XX-th century. Thus the situation continues to worsen quickly, fire captures almost all European Russia and Ural Mountains, new seats of fire arise much faster, than workers of a forestry and firemen have time to extinguish or localise the old ones. Rains which would help firemen to cope with fire, within the next few days on most parts of territory of the European Russia it is not expected.
Heads of the country and enforcement authorities responsible for wood or in general hold back the reasons of occurrence of an emergency situation with forest fires, or explain it with exclusively extreme drought. In the last there is an element of truth, but the main reason of fire accident is other.
The main reason of catastrophic development of forest and peat fires in the European Russia consists that reforms of last decade (from liquidation of Federal Agency of a Forestry and GoskomEcology in 2000 before introduction of the new Forest Code in 2006-2010) have practically destroyed the whole branch of a National economy – a Forestry, liquidated the state forest protection and have made our woods almost ownerless and homeless. In homeless forest almost any thrown stub or the left fire in dry weather leads to a heavy fire.
The additional problem consists that mad reforms of a forestry have led to leaving from a forestry of the most qualified experts, possessing invaluable experience of the organisation of suppression of forest fires – forest wardens, masters of wood, pilots-observers (aerial fire managers) and others. As a result now often simply there is nobody to supervise over suppression of large forest fires, to organise work of the involved people without experience – employees of the Ministry of Emergency Situations, military, volunteers.
Disorder of a forestry owing to “reforms” spent to 2000-2010 was the main reason of a catastrophic state of affairs with forest fires in regions of the European Russia suffering from a drought. If necessary measures on restoration of the state wood protection and normalisation of the wood legislation in the near future are not taken, the situation which we now observe in the European Russia, will inevitably repeat the next years.
We plan to make the review of results of a fire season of 2010 in the autumn, with analysis of the reasons and guilty, certainly. But hardly it will turn out to consider a situation to level of actions of concrete officials and structures in concrete regions.
In general, we think that now all (is almost universal) will start to hide and conceal in every way the information on the one who that did and why the situation with forest fires has got out of hand. And it will occur from silent approval of the higher persons of the state (what signatures stand under the Forest Code and amendments to it, i.e. Putin and Medvedev) as if to understand a situation objectively and unbiassedly, will inevitably be found out that the main originators – authors of the new Forest legislation and reforms of a forestry of last decade. It is clear that all involved in Forest “reforms” of last decade will be to such objective and unbiassed trial by all possible ways to interfere.
So forces any state or nearstate structures it is not necessary to count on the serious analysis of a situation. It is necessary somehow to try to make such analysis by own strength.
ЛеснойфорумгринписРоссии, 30 июля 2010вЕвропейскойРоссиизапоследниедвоесутокзапоследниедвоесутоквНижегородской, МосковскойиВоронежскойобластях.ЗаэтожевремявЦентральномиПриволжскомфедеральномокругахсгорело 1170 домов.Обэтомсообщаетрадиостанция “ЭхоМосквы”соссылкойнаУправлениеинформацииМЧСРоссии.Повсейвидимости,этаинформацияявляетсядалеконеполной.
Федеральноеагентстволесногохозяйствавсвоей “Сводкеолесопожарнойобстановкена 30 июля 2010 года”указывает, чтопогибшихипострадавшихотлесныхпожароввРоссиинет.
Такогоколичествалесныхпожаров,каксейчас,вЕвропейскойРоссиинебылос 1972 года.Такогоущербанаселеннымпунктамитакогоколичестважертвсредигражданскогонаселениянебылосконца 30-хгодовХХвека.Приэтомситуацияпродолжаетбыстроухудшаться,огнемохваченапрактическивсяЕвропейскаяРоссияиУрал,новыеочагипожароввозникаютзначительнобыстрее,чемработникилесногохозяйстваипожарныеуспеваюттушитьилилокализовыватьстарые.Дождей, которыепомоглибыпожарнымсправитьсясогнем,вближайшиеднинабольшейчаститерриторииЕвропейскойРоссиинепредвидится.
Руководителистраныиотвечающихзалесаоргановисполнительнойвластииливообщеумалчиваютопричинахвозникновениячрезвычайнойситуациислеснымипожарами,илиобъясняютееисключительночрезвычайнойзасухой.Впоследнеместьдоляправды,ноглавнаяпричинапожарнойкатастрофыиная.
ГлавнаяпричинакатастрофическогоразвитиялесныхиторфяныхпожароввЕвропейскойРоссиисостоитвтом,чтореформыпоследнегодесятилетия (отликвидацииФедеральнойслужбылесногохозяйстваиГоскомэкологиив 2000 годудовведенияновоголесногозаконодательствав 2006-2010 г.г.)практическиуничтожилицелуюотрасльнародногохозяйства – лесноехозяйство,ликвидировалигосударственнуюлеснуюохрануисделалинашилесапрактическибесхознымиибеспризорными. Вбеспризорномлесупрактическилюбойброшенныйокурокилиоставленныйкостервсухуюпогодуприводиткбольшомупожару.
Дополнительнаяпроблемасостоитвтом,чтобезумныереформылесногохозяйствапривеликуходуизпрофессиимножествасамыхквалифицированныхспециалистов, обладавшимбесценнымопытоморганизациитушениялесныхпожаров – лесничих, мастеровлеса,летчиков-наблюдателейидругих.Витогесейчасчастопростонекомуруководитьтушениемкрупныхлесныхпожаров,организовыватьработупривлеченныхлюдейбезопыта – сотрудниковМЧС,военных, добровольцев.
Именноразваллесногохозяйствавследствиепроведенныхв 2000-2010 г.г. “реформ”явилсяглавнойпричинойкатастрофическогоположенияделслеснымипожарамивстрадающихотзасухирегионахЕвропейскойРоссии.Есливближайшеевремянебудутпредпринятынеобходимыемерыповосстановлениюгосударственнойлеснойохраныинормализациилесногозаконодательства, ситуация,которуюмысейчаснаблюдаемвЕвропейскойРоссии,неизбежноповторитсявпоследующиегоды.
Обзоритоговпожарногосезона 2010 годамыпланируемсделатьосенью,сразборомпричинивиновных,разумеется. Новрядлиполучитсярассмотретьситуациюдоуровнядействийконкретныхчиновниковиструктурвконкретныхрегионах.
Вообще,ядумаю,чтосейчасвсе (почтипоголовно)начнутвсемисиламипрятатьиутаиватьинформациюотом,кточтоделалипочемуситуацияслеснымипожарамивышлаиз-подконтроля.Причемэтобудетпроисходитьсмолчаливогоодобрениявысшихлицгосударства (тех,чьиподписистоятподЛеснымкодексомипоправкамикнему,т.е.ПутинаиМедведева),посколькуеслиразобратьсявситуацииобъективноинепредвзято,неизбежновыяснится,чтоглавныевиновники – авторыновоголесногозаконодательстваиреформлесногохозяйствапоследнегодесятилетия.Понятно, чтовсепричастныеклесным “реформам”последнегодесятилетиябудуттакомуобъективномуинепредвзятомуразбирательствувсемивозможнымиспособамипрепятствовать.
Такчтонасерьезныйанализситуациисиламикакихбытонибылогосударственныхилиокологосударственныхструктуррассчитыватьнеприходится.Придетсякак-топытатьсясделатьтакойанализсвоимисилами.
Wildfires fueled by record heat kill dozens, destroy 1,000 homes in Russia
(Source:),.
The village, one of three hamlets destroyed around Nizhny Novgorod, looked like a ghost town coated in gray ash. Nizhny Novgorod, Russia’s fifth-largest city, is about 300 miles east of Moscow.
“Before winter, each house will be restored,” Putin told the distressed. Hardest hit is the Moscow region which doesn’t include the city itself and areas south and east of the capital, including the Voronezh, Ryazan, Lipetsk and Nizhny Novgorod regions.
In all nearly 2.5 million acres have been consumed by wildfires so far this season.
Fires had all but encircled Voronezh, a city of 850,000 people 300 miles south of Moscow. The streets of Voronezh were filled with smog early Friday, and a giant wall of black smoke rose on the horizon. Officials later said they had contained the blaze.
July was the hottest month ever recorded in Russia.
About 24 million acres of grain crops an area the size of Kentucky have been destroyed by the heat wave, the Agriculture Ministry said.
The temperature hit 100 in Moscow on Thursday, setting a record.
“In 130 years of daily weather monitoring in Moscow, there has never been such a hot summer,” said Alexei Lyakhov, director of Moscow’s Meteorological Service. “This is not normal weather. This has never happened.”
Fires and Storms Kill at Least 28 in Russia
(Source:)ussias.
Record temperatures have sparked hundreds of wildfires in central Russia, burning down several villages like this one near Vyksa. A view of the village of Mokhovoe, which was destroyed by a forest fire near the town of Lukhovitsy some 84 miles southeast of Moscow on Friday.Women standing amid the debris of a burnt house on the outskirts of the Russian city of Voronezh. Hundreds lost their homes as a wave of forest fires spread through central Russia on Friday, fueled by strong winds and record temperatures.
Wildfires Rage on in Central Russia
More than 240,000 persons are engaged in taming wildfires that have been sweeping central Russia for the last couple of days, reports RIA Novosti Saturday.
Authorities are mustering all efforts to extinguish the disastrous flames, but to now avail at this time.
The fires have claimed the lives of at least 29 persons and have destroyed traditional villages with wooden houses, reports Deutsche Welle.
Forests and peat moors have caught flame after a week of unprecedented heat fell over continental Russia, with a record 38.2 degree C temperature measured in capital Moscow.
Moscow air is stifled by smoke from blazing wildfires in the countryside. In some areas an emergency situation has been called.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was seen traveling across ravaged regions to offer help and express support.
Peat fires are very hard to extinguish because of especially the high carbon content of peat, which can remain smoldering for long periods of time. In many areas the wildfires have turned into firestorms, reported a senior official in the Russian Ministry for Emergency Situations.
Source:
States of emergency spread through Russia as fires burn on
Officials in 14 of Russia’s regions have declared a state of emergency due to devastating forest and peat fires, the broadcaster Echo of Moscow reported Saturday.
Thousands of emergency services workers continued to fight more than 60 blazes across Russia. Hundreds of smaller “islands of fire” are also plaguing the country, the Civil Defence Ministry said on its website.
Some 20 forest and peat fires were raging in the areas surrounding the capital Moscow, where more than 10 million people live.
The death toll from the fires has reached 28, with hundreds of people injured.
July has been the hottest month on record, with temperatures averaging 35 degrees Celsius for weeks in many regions. Russian firefighters have blamed a lack of rain for the spread of the forest fires. Meteorologists don’t expect any relief in coming days.
Rescuers have brought dozens of children to safety in the worst- hit areas in central Russia. The destruction is reported to be especially bad in the region of Nizhny Novgorod, some 400 kilometers east of Moscow.
Thousands of people have lost all of their belongings, as entire villages have gone up in flames. Many of the houses in the Russian provinces are made out of wood, making them particularly vulnerable.
Tens of thousands of hectares of forest have also been destroyed.
The Civil Defence Ministry has deployed helicopters, planes, bulldozers and trains with large water tanks. President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday also ordered more than 2,000 soldiers with heavy equipment to join the fight against the fires.
“The situation is very grave,” he said.
Russian leaders have criticized regional officials for not doing enough as the disaster became apparent. Prime Minister Vladimir Putin warned of harsh consequences for the neglect shown by authorities during a visit to Nizhny Novgorod on Friday.
Provincial administrators, meanwhile, blamed careless by citizens for the spread of new fires.
Meanwhile, Germany’s foreign ministry offered Saturday to provide Russia with disaster aid, including medical supplies, emergency shelters and water purification equipment.
Source:
More news from the Media and Current Reports.GM said a vehicle’s size factors into shipping fees.
A spokesman said the company looks “at all input expenses across each mode of transportation and each vehicle cost is calculated by type,” and he added that “it typically costs less to transport smaller vehicles versus larger vehicles.”
“Therefore, model mix comes into play as the larger the vehicle you ship, the higher the expense,” the spokesman said in a statement. “We reevaluate these charges periodically in order to make sure they are competitive and fair.”
GM’s average shipping fee, according to Edmunds, has risen 21 percent to $1,242 from the 2017 to 2021 model years. GM’s brand websites show that shipping fees for two of its smallest crossovers, the Chevrolet Trax and Buick Encore, rose to $1,195 for the 2022 model year from $995 previously.
Hyundai said its shipping fees cover a variety of logistical and processing costs in the delivery of a vehicle.
“Hyundai monitors these costs and periodically adjusts destination charges to reflect the market conditions,” the automaker said in a statement.
American Honda charges shipping fees of $1,015 for cars and $1,225 for light trucks. It said those amounts “are based on the average cost of transporting a vehicle from the production location to the dealer along with allowances for certain variable costs.”
Honda said it averages transportation costs for cars and light trucks separately to determine a uniform charge “for all models in those two segments as part of the effort to provide customers a complete picture of pricing information.”
Toyota Motor North America has four tiers of shipping fees, ranging from $1,025 for cars to $1,695 for the Tundra full-size pickup. Its website discloses that the company “may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.”
Bob Carter, Toyota Motor North America head of sales, said the company monitors rival companies when setting its shipping fees.
“We market base price to where the competition is with our [delivery, processing and handling] and, quite frankly, it’s reflective of the fuel surcharges that are going out,” Carter said.
“You know what’s happening with the industry with steel prices, and overall commodity prices are much more significant. But the industry has been … pretty restrained. Where the margin improvement is for the manufacturer is on the reduction of incentives needed in this market.”
Share this news on your Fb,Twitter and Whatsapp
Times News Express – Breaking News Updates – Latest News Headlines
Times News Express||USA NEWS||WORLD NEWS||CELEBRITY NEWS||POLITICS||TOP STORIESJobs By Web is the best resource for finding the latest jobs. We have job listings from all over the United kingdom. Find the latest jobs in your area or find a job that matches your skill set. You can also find a job by location.
This allows you to see jobs in your city or state.
Find out what jobs are available in your city and how much they pay. Once you've found the right job for you, apply online.We are committed to helping you find a job, no matter where you live.
Read the latest news on the job market in United Kingdom
See what jobs are in demand, get tips on how to write a CV, cover letter or interview, find out about salary levels and much more. we post new content on a daily basis, and we love hearing from our readers, so please do get in touch by tweeting us or leaving a comment on the blog page.How do I reset network setting?
Follow the instructions below:
For RJ-3050/3050Ai
- Press and hold the
(Power) button to turn the printer off.
- Press and hold the
(Feed) button and the
(Power) button for about 3 seconds. The POWER, Wi-Fi® and Bluetooth® indicators start blinking (POWER: in orange; Wi-Fi and Bluetooth: in blue).
- While pressing the
(Power) button, press the
(Feed) button once.
- Release the
(Power) button.
For RJ-3150/3150Ai
- Press the Menu, Up or Down arrow button to select the Administration menu, and then press the OK button.
- Select Reset > Network Reset > Reset using the Up or Down arrow button, and then press the OK button.
If your question was not answered, have you checked other FAQs?
Have you checked manuals?
If you need further assistance, please contact Brother customer service:
Content Feedback
To help us improve our support, please provide your feedback below.The Halo Foundation continues to dedicate a significant portion of its efforts towards the deterrence of bullying and suicide. As part of its ongoing program, three members of Halo Generation Y (Brent Scotland, Cuthbert Forbes and Romancier Edwards), participated in a suicide prevention certification seminar on World Suicide Day on Friday September 10th. The seminar was hosted by Choose Life International, under the theme “Creating Hope Through Action.” The programme, now in its 13th year, has equipped over 500 participants from across the world with techniques and knowledge on how they can assist those who suffer with severe depression and suicidal thoughts. According to the data presented, 1% of all deaths in the world occur due to suicide. On average, the act is committed every 40 seconds.
President of Halo Gen Y, Brent Scotland remarked on the importance of this training. He said, “As a group of young citizens with a mandate to assist the vulnerable, we have a responsibility to ensure that we play our part. Those who are faced with difficulties and stress, leading them to choose death over life, can more than likely be saved with the right intervention”.
In 2018, Halo Generation Y kicked off its teen anti-suicide campaign by hosting a youth retreat, “FUTURE PROOF”, on the lawns of Government House. The sessions were conducted by Dr. Donovan and Mrs. Faith Thomas of Choose Life International, a faith-based organization located in Jamaica that offers training and counselling in the encouragement of healthy emotional well-being. As a result of the 2018 anti-suicide awareness efforts, a number of young people with suicidal tendencies and on the verge of self-harm had reached out to the Halo Foundation in their times of personal crisis. Halo secured the voluntary assistance of a professionally trained psychologist in order to successfully avert what could have turned out to be tragic incidences.
President of the Halo Foundation, H.E. Lady Williams, commented: “The situation is still dire. The complications that young people face as a result of mental health deterioration are well known, discussed and documented. The Foundation, like all other concerned entities, will continue to do whatever we can to attempt to alleviate the problem. Every life saved is a blessing for some parent, friend or sibling who would otherwise have lost a dear one. No amount of effort can ever be enough”.
Photo caption:
File photo: Halo Generation Y Future Proof Anti-Suicide Prevention Conference at Government House, January 2018.
L-R: Hon. Alincia Williams-Grant, President of the Senate; Michael Joseph, Chief Operations Officer – Halo Gen Y; Brent Scotland, President – Halo Gen Y; H.E. Lady Williams; H.E. Sir Rodney Williams; Mrs. Faith Thomas and Dr. Donovan Thomas (Choose Life International).Meet Our Charter Yachts in St. Thomas & St. John
52' LOA - Take It Easy and 52' LOA - Take It Easy 2
Have the Caribbean Vacation of a Lifetime Touring the US & British Virgin Islands Aboard a Luxury Sea Ray Express Cruiser
The 52’ LOA Take It Easy and Take It Easy 2 Sea Ray Express Cruisers take you to the best white sandy beaches, secluded snorkeling spots and awesome tiki bars the Caribbean has to offer. Each gorgeous yacht hosts up to 12 passengers in total lavish comfort. Both ladies are wonderfully appointed for even the most discriminating traveler making them the perfect St. Thomas or St. John boat charters for private day trips around the US Virgin Islands and British Virgin Islands.
‘TAKE IT EASY’ IS THE MAIN RULE ON OUR BOATS – JUST LAY BACK, TAKE IT EASY AND WATCH THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS GO BY.
Luxury Amenities Make Cruising in the Virgin Islands a Comfortable and Memorable Holiday Experience
Here are just a few of the cushy amenities on our equally-equipped Sea Ray vessels that make your Virgin Islands excursion the high point of your vacation:
- Huge, plush cockpit space with soft, upholstered seating for outdoor lounging, dining and wet bar
- Cockpit offers plenty of relaxing shade and cushioned tanning areas for taking in the rays
- Giant swim platform for easy access in and out of the water
- Convenient on-deck fresh water shower system for quick showering
- Three large, cushioned sun-pads on the front of the boat for sun bathing, snoozing or taking in the aquatic scenery as we cruise by
- Air-conditioned, below-deck interior trimmed in beautiful wood finishes with tons of seating
- Two generous staterooms
- Two bathrooms with full, freshwater showers and hot water
- Roomy galley and table area
- Incredible iPod/MP3 player-ready sound system with Bluetooth connectivity so you can play and control tunes using your phone anywhere on the boat
-
‘TAKE IT EASY’ and 'TAKE IT EASY 2' LUXURY YACHTS
Fantastic Amenities Aboard our Two Vessels: Take It Easy and Take It Easy 2
The 52’ LOA Take It Easy and our second boat, the 52’ LOA Take It Easy 2, are both Sea Ray Express Cruisers. Each gorgeous yacht can host up to 12 passengers in total lavish comfort. Both ladies are wonderfully appointed for the even most discriminating traveler making them the perfect St. John or St. Thomas boat charter for a private day trip around the US and British Virgin Islands.
Group Charters.
Smooth, Stable Ride to Your Virgin Island Destinations
With their greater length and width, the size of our powerboats provides a smooth, stable ride cutting through ocean waves and swells with ease – especially important for large groups or families with young children or senior guests who do not want to bounce on the water.
Powerful, twin diesel engines propel you quickly and quietly across the open sea at speeds up to 20 knots making sure you’ll get to see and enjoy everything you want! Arriving sooner also means having more time to receive pampered service from Captain Dana and crew who make absolutely sure you are having the best time of your life.
Want to Know More About Custom Cruising in the USVI or BVI?
Just send us an email or call (340) 677-1320 and we’ll be happy to plan a custom itinerary and answer all of your questions. You can also text us at (340) 677-1320..Back in April Motorola released the Moto G60, and now it seems like the company is already busy working on a slightly improved version of that phone.
According to a new leak, the Moto G60S is due to launch in the near future, for a price of around €300-320 in Europe. That’s higher than what the G60 was priced at, which is another sign that the S model would bring some improvements compared to the vanilla model.
Moto G60
Another confirmation is the fact that the source of this leak mentions that the G60S will ship with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. That’s 2GB extra RAM compared to the G60. The G60S is also said to become available only in blue. It’s codenamed Lisbon and unfortunately we don’t have any more details about it right now.
It’s probably safe to assume that the G60 will be the model the G60S is heavily based on. Hopefully more leaks and rumors will give us a fuller picture soon.Term frequency comparison in Melville’s Moby Dick¶
(This use case was designed with the help of Douglas Duhaime and the following text was slightly adapted from a description kindly contributed by him.)
This case study is adapted from Matthew Jocker’s excellent work Text Analysis with R for Students of Literature (46). The goal here is to visualize the frequency of the terms “Ahab” and “whale(s)” within Herman Melville’s masterpiece Moby Dick. The workflow reproduced on figure 1 below retrieves the text from Project Gutenberg, splits the work into its constitutive chapters, and measures the degree to which each of the target terms appears in each chapter. [1]
Figure 1: Orange Textable workflow for visualizing term frequency in Moby Dick.
Clicking on the Scatter Plot instance, one can easily see the relative frequency of the term whale(s) in each chapter of Melville’s novel (see figure 2 below). By toggling the Y-axis Attribute dropdown box, one can select Ahab and visualize the frequency of Ahab in the novel.
Figure 2: Negative correlation between the relative frequency of terms whale(s) (top) and Ahab (bottom) in Melville’s novel.
Although one might have supposed that the distribution of Captain Ahab would closely resemble that of whales within the novel, the plots above tell a different story. While Ahab is most present in early and then later chapters, whales are most present in the novel’s middle chapters, creating something of an inverse relationship between the two. For the literary critic, this relationship offers new evidence with which to evaluate the strategy and structure of Melville’s novel.Click for easy access to results in different languagesGet a Quote a Quote
Dec 21, 2020 · Occupational Hygiene and Risk Management by Megan Tranter. hygiene, the principles of risk management, and the difference between hazard and risk. It will also provide an introduction to toxicology, the concept of dose, exposure, and epidemiology. Occupational exposure standards and biological exposure indices will be explained and their uses shown with some practical examples.Get a Quote
controlled by the machines PLC. Our greases were developed specifically for optimum lubrication of gearing, linear slides, ball screws, and food industry environments. The greases provide the correct mix of viscosity, adhesive additives, and corrosion resistance for the specific component being Browse Lubricators and Lubrication Systems Datasheets for Andantex USA, Inc.Get a Quote
Vivo Jobs in assembly plant in Faisalabad, Vivo Assembly Plant in Faisalabad M3 Industrial State Shiyanwala Need 800 DAE Students. New Jobs in Pakistan Atomic Energy Jobs, 2021Tech-ICivil, Electrical, Chemical, HVAC, MechanicalQualification: 03 years DiplomaSA-IPhysics, ChemistryQualification: B.Sc. Physics, ChemistryJunior AssistantGet a Quote
Based, …Get a Quote
Pakistan Scientist and University Rankings 2021. Total 3.914 scientist, 1 country, 260 university. Data "last 2 months - today" from Google Scholar.Get a Quote.Get a Quote
Heat Exchanger Service. Speak to a Heat Exchanger Expert. National Heat Exchange Services is your one-stop shop for heat exchanger repair, service, maintenance, and cleaning. We have the capability to service any size and type of heat exchanger, condenser, or cooler – either on-site, or in our Ohio facility. Contact us today to request a quote!Get a QuoteGet a Quote
Feb 27, 2018 · Savul is approved by the Government of Pakistan and holds Shipping Agency & Custom Broker License, Since 1961 and also enrolled as an IATA Agent. Our solutions are designed to provide you with the convenience and peace of mind of the whole range of custom clearance, shipping, transportation and logistics services, facilitated through itsGet a Quote
The dose of neutralizing agents depends upon the pH of the water in a reaction basin. Neutralization reactions cause a rise in temperature. Oxidants Chemical oxidation processes use (chemical) oxidants to reduce COD/BOD levels, and to remove both organic and oxidisable inorganic components.Get a Quote
Downloadable! Humans have relied on nature throughout their ages to cater for their basic needs including medicines to cure a wide spectrum of diseases. Plants have formed the basis for sophisticated systems of traditional medicines. For therapeutic agents many of the presently known lead compounds are natural products or their derivatives.Get a Quote
Aug 31, 2015 · Atmospheric total suspended particulate matter (TSP) mass and chemical constituents were characterized, collected on glass fiber filters using high volume air sampler in Faisalabad, Pakistan from May 2012 to April 2013. Two receptor models Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and UNMIX were used for the source identification in the study area.Get a Quote
Zhengzhou Henan China
0086-371-60922096Blanched Greens w Grapefruit Dressing
Key Ingredients
Long Green Beans
Pickled Baby Onions
EVOO
Grapefruit
Serving Instructions
The salad is chilled and is best consumed in 24hrs.
Tips
Makes a great side to the roast lamb or an addition to a vegetable dish.
Method
The green beans are blanched then shocked in ice water. After that the beans are dressed in a bright and refreshing dressing of EVOO, grapefruit juice and garnished with thinly sliced baby onions and grapefruit segments.
Portion Size: 220g~240g
Protein - 1 g
Carbohydrate - 12 g
Fat - 18 g
These numbers are estimates, each meal may vary slightly.Julian Keeps Pressure on Campaign for Pet Theft Reform
October 18, 2021
Building on his long-running lobbying campaign for tougher sentences for pet thefts, Julian pressed Ministers again at Home Office questions to commit to a date to bring forward legislation to enact changes in the law to avoid any further delay. Julian’s question in the House of Commons was poignant given that Sir David Amess had also been a passionate advocate for improved animal welfare and has been focussing on the issue of pet thefts in recent months.
Earlier in the year, Julian signed New Clause 16 of the Police, Crimes, Sentencing and Courts Bill which was tabled by his Conservative colleague Sir Iain Duncan Smith MP in an attempt to introduce a new offense for stealing pets, separate from property theft. This is to recognise the importance of pets in our lives with domestic animals being like family to their owners.
The Government acknowledged the overwhelming support for this issue by launching a cross-department Pet Theft Taskforce involving officials from the Home Office, Ministry of Justice and Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to investigate the rise in pet thefts and to recommend any necessary measures to tackle the problem.
In September, the taskforce published a report with recommendations, including the establishment of a new offence for pet abduction, improving tracking of cases to identify coordinated criminal activity by gangs, renew efforts to encourage microchipping of pets, and tackling the fear of crime. With the report complete, Julian passionately believes there is no time to waste with pet thefts rising by up to 170% in the last year in some areas.
While Kit Malthouse MP, Minister for Crime and Policing, could not commit to a firm date for when legislation will be brought before Parliament, he did give the Government’s “undertaking that we are keen to move as swiftly as possible to give him the opportunity to put this offence on the statute book.”
Speaking after his question, Julian said:
“It is more important than ever that the Government bring forward these long overdue changes to ensure families are spared the heartbreak of losing much-loved pets to abduction. We need tougher laws in order to break the cycle of criminality which allows gangs to raise funds by selling animals to fund further illegal activity.
I hope the Government wastes no more time and I will ensure to keep press on Ministers until we have the reassurance only new legislation can provide.”What’s the difference between Method acting, daring and just plain crazy? Talking by phone from New York, actor James Franco, who plays a World War I aviator in his new movie, “Flyboys,” sounds perfectly sane. Then again, anyone who can elicit sympathy for a dude as bad as Harry Osborn — Franco’s character in Sam Raimi’s “Spider-Man” movies — just might have his head in the clouds.
After Franco signed on to play Blaine Rawlings, an American volunteer in the Lafayette Escadrille circa 1917, he read a lot of history and studied up on airplanes; now he’s as conversant with the Zimmermann Telegram as Hollywood scripts. With a month between committing to “Flyboys” and the start of shooting, Franco could have packed his history books and jetted off to the tropics for a little pre-shoot R&R. Instead, he says, “I had a bunch of time, so I went and got my pilot’s license.”
Lately, the actor has been playing guys like Rawlings — strong warriors with nimble minds and hearts of gold (see also: “The Great Raid,” “Tristan & Isolde”) in addition to the iconic Spidey foe Osborn, a.k.a. the Green Goblin.
Franco says: “There are a lot of scripts I read about some guy murdering people. There weren’t any old-fashioned kind of hero-protagonists. Everybody was kind of a jerk, or it seemed like that for a while.”
Early on, the 28-year-old played a lot of troubled young men, including James Dean in the 2001 TNT biopic, which earned him an Emmy nomination and a Golden Globe award. And who could forget high school heartthrob/bad boy Daniel Desario? Franco laughs at the mention of his “Freaks & Geeks” character from Judd Apatow’s short-lived cult TV series, which lasted 18 episodes from 1999 to 2000. Daniel was pretty obnoxious, right? “I don’t see Daniel Desario like that,” he says. “He’s a good kid who kinda lost his way.”
Then there’s the “Spider-Man” villain, which he’ll play again in “Spider-Man 3,” scheduled to open in spring 2007. “Harry Osborn? He’s a troubled, troubled young man,” Franco says. “The great thing about the way they sketched that character is he’s confused, but he’s also kind of justified in the way he feels ... It’s not like he’s a wicked villain who’s cackling up in his laboratory about all the evil things he’s going to do. He’s a son who didn’t get enough love, and just as he was gonna receive that love from his father, his father was taken from him, so he’s just a confused, disturbed kid.”
Franco is clearly pleased to play a hero like Rawlings (who, like the other “Flyboys” characters, is a composite of several real-life pilots). He explains that for three months, professional stunt pilots performed loops and dives and other tricks for the camera in replicas of World War I Nieuport planes. Then it was Franco’s turn. “All the actors went up in the planes, in a two-seater plane, with a stunt pilot,” he says. “The stunt pilot would sit in the front, and the actor would sit in the back seat. And there was a camera mounted in front of them so it looked like it was a one-seater plane.”
“Flyboys” will invariably be compared to the Howard Hughes 1930 classic “Hell’s Angels,” the shooting of which was memorialized in Martin Scorsese’s “The Aviator.” “That was back in the day,” says Franco, referring to the Hughes film. “He had three pilots die while filming that.”
Ah, technology. “So we had no deaths because we could use CGI to make the planes fly really close.”
But why would he bother to get a pilot’s lesson if, in fact, he wouldn’t fly in the movie?
Franco mentions the late actor Steve McQueen, whose iconic motorbike ride in “The Great Escape” is echoed in a “Flyboys” scene. Franco says he looked to McQueen’s oeuvre: “An early film for him was called ‘The War Lover.’ He played a pilot in it, and when you watch him in the plane in that movie, it was so detailed and so natural. I just find it so fascinating. I wish I could do something like that in a movie, have a skill like that. That was kind of the idea of that, getting my pilot’s license, even if I didn’t have to fly — or couldn’t fly — in the movie. I hope that some of the details and comfort I have around planes would rub off in the performance.”AND THE GOOD NEWS IS...
Self-discipline & Habits
What is the role of self-discipline when it comes to habit formation? Self-disciple must play some role in the development of new behaviors, because the apostle Paul said, “I strike a blow to my body and make it my slave so … I will not be disqualified for the prize” (I Corinthians 9:26, NIV).
Self-discipline, therefore, is the fuel that drives the formation of new habits, because nothing new is ever established in our lives without the initial surge of energy that comes from self-discipline. Whether it’s a highly desired personal achievement, virtuosity in the arts, or an outstanding performance in school or in one’s chosen sport, the journey toward any worthy achievement can only be initiated through self-disciple.
The bad news of course is that self-discipline only goes so far. Our experience teaches us and scientific research confirms that self-discipline is a powerful tool when it comes to making personal changes. But a person’s sense of self-discipline is designed to run dry rather quickly, because we humans just aren’t equipped with the ability to force ourselves to do things long-term that we really don’t want to do.
The good news, however, is that by utilizing principles of habit formation, we can use self-discipline to get a new habit started in our lives. Then, after a few weeks, that behavior can become habitual for us. It can become subconscious and “automatic,” requiring no effort on our part.
So instead of laboring to make yourself do what you know you ought to do, learn to use the “habit loop” to your advantage so you can create a permanent regimen of good behaviors in your life. In Make That, Break That, I will teach you how to do this. For now, however, just know that positive behaviors are easier when they become habits in your life.Shri A.N. Aggarwal is a consultant with prior experience in government. He supervises the administration of the Centre office as a whole.
Shri M.L. Meena, Jr. Assistant, is the backbone of the Centre’s office. He is the interface between the Centre and the University administration. He also acts as a possessive caretaker of the building, and takes great delight in gardening.
Ms. Anju Gupta is a competent computer operator who assists the Chairperson and ensures that the students’ interaction with the Centre office is both efficient and pleasant. She provides assistance with student paperwork and the maintenance of the records of the Centre.
Shri V.P. Gupta has, for the last two years, maintained the Centre’s specialised library, and diligently overseen its incorporation in the digitised catalogue of the University’s library resources.
Shri Sunil Kumar as office attendant is invaluable in the running of our everyday activities, from making filter coffee to conveying papers to the university administration.
Shri Rakesh is a dedicated gardener who in his two years at the Centre, transformed the small corner of Delhi’s southern ridge that the Centre inhabits. He has given us the gift of a beautiful garden that students and faculty alike appreciate. The Centre’s garden won the first prize in the Pusa Horticulture Show 2013.
Several security guards keep a vigil on the Centre by rotation in three shifts round the clock.
Det er et faktum at enkelte solnedganger vil bli husker mye lenger enn andre!
Og – det vil aldri være to solnedganger som er nøyaktig like. Saamtidig vil det være et dusin som kanskje markerer seg særlig godt i bevisstheten; – som aldri vil bli glemt! Og – dette er en slik!
It’s a fact that some sunsets live longer in your memory than others, and no two sunsets are alike – ever! So there will be a dozen or more that really stands out.
That will never be quite forgotten! And this is one of them!
Denne solnedgangen ble fotografert en kveld i Februar 2012! Og den er fortsatt ‘her’!
This sunset was shot on one February evening in the year 2012! And it’s still ‘here’!
Compliments of SRB)
Please return me to INDEX for a new picture/destination.
It looks like a beautiful painting
Thank you! It’s not to hard painting with a camera. Brushes are blue murder! 🙂
Each sunset has its own persona, which is why they are so special. This photo is exceptional due to the vibrant golds! Our temps are hot but the norm for this time of the year.
I think the temperatures have been rising just abot everywhere, Eugenia. In large parts of Norway we’ve had temperatures approximately 10 degrees above what’s normal and for a short spell they experienced temperatures above 32 C even as far North as latitude 70 N.
Beyond 71 N there’s no more Norway! 🙂
This craziness is very concerning!
Gorgeous sunset, Svein! So peaceful! 🎉 Christine
To be honest, Christine, I cannot remember of there was a storm that evening 🙂
but – does it really matter? A sunset is a visual thing! And in my mind it will always be! 🙂
Yes, thats right! After a few weeks a bit back and forth early May, we suddenly got us a summer that would indeed compete with Mediterranian Ocean!!! There hasn’t been a drop of rain since early May (in my part of the country), and shadow temperatures have been lying round about 28 – 38 degrees C. A couple of evenings we touched 39 degrees C! Fortunately I have a cellar office! 🙂
Just for the hell of it, I went and bought me a new meter which I placed in direct sunshine. It stopped on 60 deg.C – due to the fact that the scales didn’t reach any further! But I’m still here! 🙂
Now it’s Spains turn to sweat. The last 2 days the temperatures down there has touched 45-47 C
in the shadows!
Gorgeous. I hear that it has been horrendously hot in Norway this year?To make positive changes, we need to make space in our lives for the new. We also need to break our attachment to our old ways.
To make positive changes, we need to make space in our lives for the new. We also need to break our attachment to our old ways.
Behavioural change is possible – it just needs a careful, methodical approach to time and life management… and some disciplined use of the diary.
Are you constantly delaying particular tasks? Procrastination is a natural response to life. Here are a few tips for getting yourself going.
When anxious or depressed, we find it hard to make positive changes. here are a few tips for shaping our own lives, and creating a sense of agency and empowerment.
Making personal change is hard. It can be easier if we follow two or three key principles.
Do you have a personal project you don’t seem to get round to? Here are a couple of self-analysis checklists. See if they help you think through what’s blocking you.Peach Moonstone massage short wand
$25.55
This product is currently sold out.
Peach.
En Vogue - EV3 album mp3 En_Vogue RnB/Swing 1997 Canada Download MP3 Download FLAC MoreBy: En Vogue (1997, Hip Hop). More albums from En Vogue: Soul Flower by En Vogue. Masterpiece Theatre by En Vogue. Electric Café by En Vogue. Live In Birmingham, Alabama by En Vogue. Born To Sing by En Vogue. Funky Divas by En Vogue. View all albums . About. En Vogue – EV3. Label: EastWest Records America – 7559-62097-2.. This is one album I stongly recommend for all eV fans (shocking if you still don't have it) and for those who are more into the R 'n B that doesnt require overly funky beats. Reply Notify me Helpful. Ships from and sold by 3. Album · 1997 · 12 Songs. Listen on Apple Music. Listen to EV3 online and get recommendations on similar music. Album descriptions on Last. Tracklist Hide Credits 1 WhateverProducer – Babyface 2 Don't Let Go (Love)Producer – Organized Noize Productions* 3 Right DirectionProducer – Andrea Martin, Chris Bolden, Ivan Matias 4 Damn I Wanna Be Your LoverProducer – Andrea Martin, Ivan Matias, Pro J 5 Too Gone, Too LongProducer – David Foster 6 You're All I NeedProducer – Ivan Matias 7 Let It FlowProducer – Foster & McElroy 8 Sitting By Heaven's DoorProducer – Foster & McElroy 9 Love Makes You Do ThangsProducer – Foster & McElroy 10 What A Difference A Day MakesProducer – Foster & McElroy 11 Eyes Of A ChildProducer – Foster & McElroy 12 Does Anybody Hear MeProducer – Andrea Martin, Ivan Matias 13 I've Got Your GunProducer – Foster & McElroy Credits Executive-Producer – En Vogue, Sylvia Rhone Other versions Category Artist Title (Format) Label Category Country Year CD 62057 En Vogue EV3 (CD, Album) Elektra CD 62057 Canada 1997 62057-2 En Vogue EV3 (CD, Album) EastWest Records America 62057-2 US 1997 AMCY-2370 En Vogue EV3 (CD, Album) EastWest AMCY-2370 Japan 1997 7559-62097-4 En Vogue EV3 (Cass, Album) EastWest, Warner Music Poland 7559-62097-4 Poland 1997 AMCY-2236 En Vogue EV3 (CD, Album) EastWest AMCY-2236 Japan 1997 Performer: En Vogue Genre: Hip hop Title: EV3 Country: Canada Released: 1997 Style: RnB/Swing MP3 version ZIP size: 1302 mb FLAC version RAR size: 1499 mb Rating: 4.7 Votes: 505 Other Formats: AAC AHX MP1 ASF MP2 MP4 AC3 Bludsong When I first saw the video for "Whatever" (2nd single from eV3), I knew I had to have the album. Setting aside the obvious bias that I was (and still am) a huge en Vogue fan, the album did not fail to impress me. Whatever started off the album, the oh - so - funky song is one of my all time favorites which was, thankfully, matched by a dazzling (though dark) video! Don't Let Go is the second single in the lineup and was the lead - off for the album. The song can also be found in the Set It Off Soundtrack. This is also, arguably, the group's biggest hit.. Particular personal favorites are Love Makes You Do Thangs, You're all I need and Let It Flow. This is one album I stongly recommend for all eV fans (shocking if you still don't have it) and for those who are more into the R 'n B that doesnt require overly funky beats. Related to En Vogue - EV3 albums: Taffy McElroy - Who's That Look In Your Eye download mp3 En Vogue - Free Your Mind / Giving Him Something He Can Feel download mp3 En Vogue - Giving Him Something He Can Feel download mp3 En Vogue - Lies download mp3 Foster McElroy - Around The World In 80 Beats download mp3 Foster Shaw - Don't Waste It download mp3 En Vogue - Best Of En Vogue download mp3 Foster & McElroy - Dr. Soul download mp3 En Vogue - You Don't Have To Worry download mp3 Foster & McElroy - FM² download mp3TL;DR
- A different sort of videogame movie – about videogames and not based on a specific one
- Fun MacGuffins
- Tons of videogame and film pop culture references, making it so much fun to watch
- Brilliantly original and immersive world
- Beautiful and stunning CGI
- Electric and adrenaline-fuelled action – improved with references
- Characters unlikely to become iconic, but still very likeable
——————————————————-
There’s no way around it – Ready Player One is definitely a videogame movie; a dedicated one at that… but not in the way you might think. While most ‘videogame movies’ are merely adaptations of existing videogames (eg. Prince of Persia, Assassin’s Creed, Doom) and mostly totally rubbish (the recent Tomb Raider aside). However, there’s a smaller, less appreciated genre of videogame movies that are wildly different, in that they are instead about videogames, not based on any ones in particular, allowing for a lot more freedom; incredibly these films are often well-received and liked (something that can’t be said for the Mario film). There aren’t many but the few that are around have seen packed audiences and positive reviews from critics – there’s Edgar Wright’s Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Disney’s brilliant Wreck-It Ralph and even Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, which certainly got more favourable reviews than any Resident Evil film. Now there’s a new one, and Ready Player One might be the best yet. Steven Spielberg returns to fine form with an immediate classic – a more traditional story that’s still utterly modern, a fun rollercoaster ride from start to finish and an absolute joyful masterpiece with references that will make repeat viewings a delight.
Set in the near future of 2045, the world has become a difficult place, with people’s only solace being the OASIS, an immersive virtual reality – an expansive universe where you can do whatever you want, go whereever you want and be whoever you want, the only limit being imagination. This is the reality that Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan) loves to escape to each and every day, playing as his avatar Parzival and meeting up with friends Art3mis (Olivia Cooke), Aech (Lena Waithe), Sho (Philip Zhao) and Daito (Win Morisaki), also known as the High Five. However, when the brilliant but eccentric James Halliday (Mark Rylance) dies, he decides to leave control of the OASIS and his vast fortune to whoever completes three challenges and finds three keys. It’s this ‘Easter Egg’ that everyone is obsessed with, Gunters (a portmanteau of ‘Egg Hunter’) dedicating all their time to find a way to complete the challenges. When Wade finally discovers the secret to winning the first game and securing the first key, the race is on against villainous IOI, led by the stern Nolan Sorrento (Ben Mendelsohn), who are hellbent on finding all three keys first so that they can control the universe of the OASIS.
The story isn’t too dissimilar to other Spielberg adventure flick Indiana Jones, a shameless MacGuffin-led adventure, with clues and hidden meanings to the next piece of the puzzle with fights peppered throughout. As I’ve said before, this is my personal favourite genre and it fits very well within this film. All the trials/ games to find the keys are distinct and unique, each as exciting and action-packed as the other, crammed with film and videogame references.
In fact it’s these references to film and videogame pop culture over the past 40 years or so peppered throughout the film left, right and centre that make up its personality and makes it so much fun to watch. There are almost an endless number of references, though you can’t fail to wish maybe there were a few more nods to other popular games – Pokemon, Zelda, even Skyrim. Regardless of how legally challenging it would be to allow these in the film, there are so many references in general that you don’t really need any more, otherwise it would veer close to being too saturated and gimmicky. Instead the film is brimming with enjoyable references (Back to the Future, Overwatch, Terminator, Iron Giant, Mario, Goldeneye, Halo to name but a few off the top of my head), enough to be fun, funny and to seem real – because let’s face it, if the OASIS existed we would cram it full of references to everything under the sun. It’s all blended beautifully and seamlessly with the orignal world Spielberg has created with Ernest Cline, author of the novel.
More than just being a load of fun, the references enrich the otherwise incredible and electric action scenes, making them varied, fun and terrifically unique. Take the final battle: in no other film could you have the protagonist firing laser blasters from a Back to the Future-styled Delorean, throwing a bloodthirsty Chucky doll into a battlefield, one side being an army led by those Halo guys and Tracer from Overwatch while Iron Giant is battling it out with mecha-Godzilla. That’s just a drop in the ocean for a film like this, with such glorious action filmed only in the way a master filmmaker like Spielberg can. Even the backdrop to the action is incredible, with so much detail and still being well animated. In fact, the work that has gone into the CGI has to be applauded as it’s omnipresent and is used very well, completely immersing us into an incredible world.
On the other hand, though, there are no characters as iconic as, say, Indiana Jones. Whilst the designs of each avatar are brilliant, well-animated and varied, they’re no match for a man with a hat and trusty whip. On top of this, there seems to be so much emphasis on the action and life in the OASIS that there’s a human element lacking, giving the film overall a little less heart than it should have. Still, these aren’t dull characters; there’s an eclectic group of great characters that are a blast to spend the runtime with. Ben Mendelsohn plays the traditional Spielberg-esque antagonist Nolan Sorrento, in a great performance oozing with villainy and malevolence. At first Mark Rylance seems rather bored with his part as OASIS creator Halliday, but when we get to know the character we can see that it was an understated, well-played part, perfectly showing us a man with limitless imagination who struggled to connect with the real world. The central duo, Tye Sheridan and Olivia Cooke, are strong and consistently likable, able to engage the audience both as themselves and as their avatars, with Lena Waithe being an easily amiable side-kick. Simon Pegg was underused though and it’s a shame that not enough characterisation and screentime was given to the rest of the High-Five, namely Sho and Daito who remain rather unimportant characters that seem to be there just to bulk up the group.
means we can watch it several times and always see something new. Ready Player One is a fantastic blockbuster that’s sure to blow you away. Ready Player One? More like Ready Player FIVE (stars)!
The Liberian Dutch-American journalist and social advocate Clarice Gargard recently shared her story of Liberia’s civil wars in a TEDx Amsterdam Women Talk. Based on the experience of her father who worked for the rebel leader and dictator Charles Taylor, her talk stressed the importance of sharing that which makes us human. It is a subject she explores in her Gouden Kalf-winning 2019 documentary Daddy & the Warlord, co-directed with Shamira Raphaela, and in her book Drakendochter, which is undergoing translation into English as Dragon’s Daughter and explores morals, conflict, spirituality, and migration through the lens of her family’s history.
The TEDx Amsterdam Women conference, which recently turned ten, uses the TED conference format but is independently organized by a local community. Also speaking at the event were Princess Märtha Louise of Norway, the Dutch visual artist Raquel van Haver, the journalist Belinda Otas, and Edna Adan Ismail, former minister of Somaliland and UN and WHO ambassador.
Clarice Gargard currently works as a Correspondent Resistance and NRC columnist. She was an editor and presenter for AT5, BNNVARA (Joop), and Vogue, and contributed to Vice, the South African 702 Talk Radio, and Afropunk. Her work is centered around criticizing power structures, human rights and social justice, and intersectional feminism, which she also describes as “customized emancipation.” She is co-founder, with Hasna El Maroudi, of the feminist multimedia platform and zine Lilith. In 2019, she was the Dutch women’s representative and gave a speech on women’s rights and the importance of systemic change at the United Nations General Assembly. A winner of a Black Achievement Award and a nominee for the Joke Smit Prize, she is a board member of the Prince Claus Fund and a part of the Supervisory Board of the Holland Festival.
Watch the Talk below:
Reader InteractionsTips in Finding the Best Sunglasses for Your Child
It’s no secret that children love to play under the sun and this increases their exposure to harmful ultraviolet rays. Increased exposure to sunlight means a greater risk of eye damage from ultraviolet (UV) light which is invisible electromagnetic radiation coming from the sun. Children's eyelids and skin around the eye are delicate and more vulnerable than adult skin.
That’s why sunglasses are built to protect the skin around the eye and the eye itself. But what should you check for in finding the BEST sunglasses? We've made it simple for you by creating a list of tips for selecting sunglasses best fit your child.
Keep an eye out for UV protection.
Sunglasses for children should provide the highest suitable protection. We recommend looking for sunglasses that are 99% - 100% guaranteed to block UVA and UVB rays. Most sunglasses now have UV protection built into the lens rather than being coated on top of it, and most trustworthy products indicate UV protection on their labels.
Ensure that it covers the majority of your kid’s eyes.
It’s best to not just choose sunglasses based on their cool design. Make sure that they have a large lens shape that can cover a lot of skin, especially the eye area.
Choose bendable and durable shades.
We all know how active children are, but it should not be the reason to compromise their eye safety. It is very important to have sunglasses that can withstand all the falls and breaks - look for shatterproof lenses and kid-proof frames. Also, make sure that the fit is secure and comfortable.
Allow your child to choose.
Above all, it is best to let your child choose their sunglasses. You can narrow down their options based on safety and durability, but they should have the final say on style and colors.
Bonus Tip!
When outside or on the beach, let your child wear wide-brimmed hats and sunscreen as an added layer of protection to minimize their UV exposure.Bug #6838closed
bsnmpd logs errors when /etc/printcap is missing
100%
Description
We do not ship with an /etc/printcap file but it appears that bsnmpd does not like that fact. When probed in various ways (especially when querying SNMP OID 1.3.6.1.2.1.25.3.5 ), bsnmpd logs an error to the system log:
snmpd[67512]: hrPrinterTable: printcap entry for <noname?> has errors, skipping
With an empty /etc/printcap (
touch /etc/printcap), no errors are logged.
We could include a blank printcap or include the FreeBSD default printcap file which is logically empty as it all of its contents are comments.
Updated by Kill Bill about 5 years ago
Updated by Jim Pingle about 5 years ago
Somehow I completely missed that ticket when looking into this. I'll close the older one out since this one has a viable workaround on it.
Updated by Jim Pingle almost 5 years ago
- Assignee set to Jim Pingle
Updated by Jim Pingle almost 5 years ago
- Status changed from New to Feedback
- % Done changed from 0 to 100
Applied in changeset 63b44eed9eeaa32567c1234c37dbce2e15dc8d37.
Updated by Jim Pingle almost 5 years ago
- Status changed from Feedback to Resolved
Seems to be fine now, no more log spam and the dummy printcap file is there as expected.
Updated by Jim Pingle almost 5 years ago
- Target version changed from 2.4.0 to 2.3.3
Also available in: Atom PDFGoogle ‘defrayal’ by Google costs $1.6bn
The number of Google ‘Google Defray’ contracts, which are part of the company’s new business model, is expected to reach $1bn this year, according to a report by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC).
The report, based on estimates by Priceline and Deloitte, estimates that Google’s contract cost of about $1 billion will be offset by an estimated $100m offset in expenses from its existing contracts, said the report.
The company’s costs have also been offset by its new business models, according the report, which noted that Google will continue to use its existing revenue streams in its business, with its current business model.
Pricewaterhead also said Google will be paying $300m per year in compensation for its top executives, including Larry Page and Sergey Brin.
Google declined to comment on the report when contacted by The Hindu.
The company has faced criticism in recent years over its business practices.
In February, Google was forced to apologise for its use of fake accounts in its search results.
The problem was identified by US authorities.
Google, which has more than 2,600 employees, has been accused of misleading investors, the media and consumers about its search technology, as well as of using its power over search results to limit competition.
It has faced numerous legal actions and lawsuits from rivals, including Apple, Amazon and Microsoft.Make your Summer 2015 fun and sweet with Jollibee Reese’s Mix-Ins and Cookies & Cream Shake. The heat is on as we say goodbye to cold weather and say hello to summertime. And the leading Filipino fastfood chain welcomes summer heat with its latest dessert treats which was unveiled to us on the last Friday of February. Their sweet, luscious and cold, a perfect way to Mix ‘N Shake up summer!
[dropcap]I[/dropcap]f you love the chocolate and peanut butter goodness of Reese’s, you’ll definitely love Jollibee’s latest Mix-Ins. Enjoy the creamy vanilla soft-serve with generous serving of the #1 chocolate peanut butter cup in the world. It’s a delightful treat indeed!
To make your summer even more fun, there’s the Cookies & Cream Shake. This combination of creamy vanilla soft-serve, milk and crushed cookies is truly indulging and satisfying. It’ll definitely cool you down in the midst of summer heat.
At only Php45 each, Jollibee Reese’s Mix-Ins and Cookies & Cream Shake won’t let you down. It’s refreshing sweetness is very affordable. Ideal to cap your langhap-sarap meal. Get the Reese’s Mix-Ins as an add on to your value meal for only P35. You can also upgrade your value meal with the Cookies and Cream Shake for only Php25.
Make your Summer 2015 indulgent with the new Jollibee Reese’s Mix-Ins and Cookies & Cream Shake. These treats are available for atime only starting March 2, 2015 at all Jollibee outlets nationwide.If your little one enjoys role playing to be chef for the entire family, they’re sure to absolutely love this Personalised Wooden Play Kitchen from Studio.
The Play kitchen features a great design with free personalisation to add that extra special touch, plus it is ONLY £29.99, which is the best price we have seen. Available (AD) online at Studio.Friday 12 March 2021: From Kate Sekules – ‘Since we are all still stuck at home I especially loudly want to invite you to the #MendMarch party on Instagram.
In case you’re new to Instagram, this is a fun challenge in which we all mend together, every day in March each year, using the prompts / themes I just posted on my feed visiblemend. Also there’ll be reminders every week. There is never any pressure; just drop in when you’re feeling it. I promise shenanigans, friends, support, laughs, and one enormous dent in your mend pile. Check out the tag for previous -I recommend you look for Katrine’s; they are most fabulous and very silly. Swipe for a couple of old, and large, mends of mine, which I think debuted in a MendMarch past. Anyway, thank you massively Katrine for all the Mayhemmers (as it says on p.218 of MEND!) March is such a great month and mending is what we’ll enjoy together!
Old clothes aren’t worn out, they’re opportunities. Mending is now trending.
Kate was born and raised in London, lives in Brooklyn with my husband, daughter and two cats, and was, for many years, a magazine editor. Then in 2009, when that entire industry entered its death throes, and Kate founded Refashioner, the first of the now ubiquitous personal closet trading sites.
As Kate learned more and more about the world of old clothes, and how it connects to today’s fashion industry, I realized the way we consume is completely messed up. I got involved in the ethical fashion movement. And I went all the way into research and turned academic. I am doing a PhD in material culture and design history, specifically: developing a taxonomy of mending. Eventually I’ll be Doctor of Mending.
Noting how people glaze over when you say “eco” or “ethical” I always think how great if it was simply more fun to swap and trade and mend and lend and value our own good clothes than to zombie-buy sweat shop fashions. That was the idea behind Refashioner, and the reason Visible Mending is getting all trendy. Let’s have it last longer than a trend. Mending is forever.
Remember that you can’t wreak a garment than need mending. It’s already broken and was going to be thrown away.
Read about overshopping.
Top 10 reasons to visible mend.
Read about refashioner.Angel Number 1175 is the Art of Success
Contents
Times will constantly change, and your success depends on the ability to adapt to the situations. Do not fear, as angel number 1175 is your guiding tutor on the journey to prosperity.
1175 Symbolism Calls for Motivation
We live in a changing world, and there is nothing you can do to stop it. On the contrary, you can seek out new things and use them for your benefit.
Seeing 1175 is a signal to learn from the surroundings and improve your life. Undoubtedly, it is the simple things in life that make a significant difference.
1175 Meaning is About Resources
You have incredible natural skills to transform your future life for the better. Then, make tough choices now to make the coming days easier to deal with. Learn from number 1, angel 11, numerology 17, angel 75, angel number 117, and number 175 for vital wisdom.
Angel Number 1175 Needs You to Have a Purpose
Significantly, life setbacks can slow your progress, leaving you with lots of frustrations. Consequently, keep pushing yourself however slowly you move, but keep moving. So, one step daily reduces the distance at a constant pace, making you closer to your goals.
1175 Angel Number Talks of Risks
Everything you do in this world is risky. Then, do not fear what will come next. When you face the tough times in your life, angels elevate your ideas to overcome your struggles.
What Does 1175 Mean Spiritually?
Angels want you to keep dreaming of a better future in the coming days. There are more blessings if you humble your spirit and listen to the divine teachings.
Facts About 1175
You can only discover better ways of attaining your success by learning to improve on what you already know today.
The path to success can be rough with numerous setbacks and enemies. Therefore, guard your desires and work on them in silence.
Conclusion: 1175 Meaning
Angel number 1175 calls on you to be wise, adapt to changing situations, and succeed in tough times.
READ ALSO:I don’t have a lot of expertise in film reviews, I just watch films and know what I like. However, I saw one last night that I thought worth sharing here, since I know that some of you make model aircraft (Kinch and King and Stoesen, I’m looking at you fellows).
I think anyone who has made a model aircraft has a sense of the beauty of aircraft and of their design, even when we make a hash of the model and get glue all over everything. The romance of early flight, the grace of aircraft designs, and history all come together in this film. It’s also incredibly beautiful. Have a look at this trailer.
The Wind Rises is about Jiro Horikshi, the aeronautical engineer who designed the Mitsubishi A6M Zero fighter. It’s a coming of age story,, a boy meets girl story, and a boy falls in love with aircraft story. Believe it or not, it’s absolutely fascinating to watch the hero work a slide rule, scribble numbers, and then see his designs fly off the drafting table in a flurry of air and graceful lines.
I’m not a great fan of Japanese anime, but I found this one of the most beautiful films I’ve ever seen. The film is a rich blend of history, fantasy, and imagination. The director is Hayao Miyazaki, who has had a long and honoured career and a long history of reflecting on Japanese history. Miyazaki was taken by Horikishi once saying that he just wanted to design something beautiful, and one of themes of the movie is how design and technology is taken over for war and violence. Certainly the Zero fighter was a beautiful creation - we see a flight of them at the end in a final dream sequence, sleek and deadly like sharks, but Jiro sees them with the knowledge that the war is lost, and the planes he designed and the pilots who flew them never came home. The mixture of loss, naiveté and melancholy is quite powerful, but the film still celebrates the impetus to dream and reach for beauty.
There’s a link here on how The Wind Rises has caused some controversy. Some people, particularly in Korea, think it romanticizes and celebrates Japan’s militaristic history, while conservatives in Japan think it’s unpatriotic. See it for yourself and decide. Take your significant other when you go, because it is a love story on several levels. Even though there are long sequences with slide rules and talk about rivets, she’ll love it too.
I listened to a review Friday night on our local PBS radio station. All three of the reviewers enjoyed the movie and agreed it was one of Miyazki's finest. I have yet to see it.
T&hanks for the heads up and one to follow if it's released here in Hispania anytime soon.
It seems this film has more common sense than the Girls und Panzers at least... (yes Nissvik, I'm thinking of you!) :-)
I think a little more serious than Girls Und Panzer. I shared knowledge of GundP with a friend of mine from one of Canada's armoured regiments, who drives Leopard 2s for a living. He was left speechless.
Thank you for your review. My teen age daughter went to see it as she has seen several Miyazaki films. She said she enjoyed it as is rather than watching it for the history.
I think your daughter see it in the proper spirit.
Thanks for sharing this. I may have to check this out.
Curious to know what you think of it if you manage to go see it.
Great to read this, I've been umm-ing and ah-ing over going to see it for a bit now.
Thanks Dai. I'm curious what you think of it - let us know.-  - Training
On this page, you will find various training opportunities related to suicide prevention, intervention and postvention.
- Collaborative Assessment and Management of Suicidality (CAMS)
- Assessing and Managing Suicide Risk (AMSR)
- Experiential Trainings on the Chronological Assessment of Suicide Events (CASE Approach)
- QPRT
- Recognizing & Responding to Suicide Risk (RRSR): Essential Skills for Clinicians
Suicide Postvention
Free Courses
- Barriers to Treatment
- Postvention: Healing After Suicide
- The Florida Certification Board Suicide Prevention Courses
Trainings offered Mental Health Awareness Month May 2021
- The Suicide Prevention Resource Center in partnership with APA is offering a free webinar on May 6th to train frontline workers and their teams on skills for suicide risk assessment and more.Oleksandr Usyk has stated that he wasn't impressed by Tyson Fury's victory over Deontay Wilder earlier this month.
The Gypsy King emerged triumphant with a knockout in the pair's trilogy belt, retaining his WBC heavyweight title and bringing an end to one of modern boxing's biggest feuds.
While the fight has been widely hailed as one of the most exciting the heavyweight division has seen in years, that assessment isn't shared by Usyk himself.
“I did watch the fight but I didn’t think much [of] it. They just wanted to kill each other," he said to the Mail.
Usyk is set to go toe-to-toe again with Joshua in a rematch next year and he's confident of emerging victorious once again, which would open the doors for a unification bout against Fury.
Joshua is currently searching for a new trainer ahead of the fight and has been travelling across the United States, with Usyk aware of the videos that have been circulating.
"Of course I saw the videos because we are collecting all the information. But I don’t think anything about this because it’s Anthony’s business – let him do whatever he wants. Thank God I have everything (sorted) in my team – every member is in place so it’s all good."
A potential unification bout against Fury would likely follow a second victory over Joshua later in 2022, with the Wysthenshawe-born fighter clear on his goals to conquer the world.
Between them, Usyk and Fury currently hold the four heavyweight titles of the world from the main governing bodies and the winner of a future bout would be announced the undisputed champion.
There have been no WBA-WBC-IBF-WBO champions in the current era that has run since 2007, with the last undisputed heavyweight being Lennox Lewis from November 1999 to April 2000 - with the Brit holding the WBA, WBC and IBF heavyweight titles.This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License | Medicinal and Aromatic Plants Association of India | OAJMAP ISSN 0974-7877
Home > Estimation of rosmarinic acid content of genetically stable clones of Ocimum basilicum L. (sweet basil) regenerated through in vitro shoot bud multiplication and root culture > Reader Comments > HBO documentary exposes how easy it is for...
HBO documentary exposes how easy it is for influencers to buy their way to social media fame
by Freddy Tyrrell (2021-07-19)
Don't believe everything you see on Instagram. This is Dominique Druckman at a photo shoot that makes it look like she's relaxing at a spa.
HBO
Dominique Druckman reclines on a tuft of red and white rose petals, her eyes closed, her skin dewy, a tranquil smile tugging at the corners of her perfectly tinted pink lips. According to her Instagram tag, Druckman is recharging at a Hollywood spa, but that couldn't be further from the truth. She's in a backyard, awkwardly propped onto a small plastic kiddie pool filled with flowers. A photographer stands over her, angling for the perfect shot. The kind that makes Druckman's followers believe she's living a luxurious life they could also have ... if they just buy the expensive sunglasses and sneakers she's hawking.
HBO
Thing is, many of her followers aren't real people. They're bots. Druckman knows this. She's part of a social experiment chronicled in the compelling new HBO documentary Fake Famous, written and directed by veteran technology journalist Nick Bilton. For the film -- his first -- Bilton attempts to turn Druckman and two other LA residents with relatively small Instagram followings into social media influencers by purchasing an army of fake followers and bots to "engage" with their posts. The three were chosen from around 4,000 people who responded to a casting call asking one simple question: "Do you want to be famous?"? The questions are worth exploring for anyone who's felt a tinge of envy scrolling through feeds of glamorous getaways and perfectly made-up miens. At least one of the newly anointed influencers discovers a soaring follower count isn't good for his mental health.
window.CnetFunctions.logWithLabel('%c One Trust ', "IFrame loaded: iframe_youtube with class optanon-category-3");
On some level, most of us understand that of other people's realities and that influencers' living rooms aren't always bathed in the perfect sunlight. Last year, for example, Instagram influencer Natalia Taylor to remind her followers not to believe everything they see. And who could forget the hyped by the influencer crowd?. Spoiler alert: very.
CNET Culture
Entertain your brain with the coolest news from streaming to superheroes, memes to video games.
As Bilton hops on his phone to buy thousands more bots for his stars, we see that purchasing fake followers is as simple and quick as downloading an app. In one of the film's more amusing scenes, Bilton's wife, lying next to him in bed, asks when he's going to sleep. "Just buying some bots, give me a second," he answers. You can even choose your bots' gender, nationality and political leaning. "Some of the most famous people in the world have 50 or 60 percent bots on their page," says one bot dealer interviewed in the film.
HBO
But the faking doesn't stop with imaginary Instagram friends. It's possible, we learn, to fake bids on eBay listings, fake sales of books and fake reviews of movies. And we see once again, as Natalia Taylor's Ikea photo shoot proved, how hard it can be for followers to delineate real from staged. Pro tip I got from Fake Famous: Hold a toilet seat next to an image of a beach and you've got a convincing shot of you looking out an airplane window as you land for your dream island vay tiền bằng cmnd online vacation. Fake Famous makes sure to point out that influencers can have a positive impact, raising awareness of issues like Black Lives Matter and the climate crisis and encouraging voter registration. But it paints an unsettling picture of a world in which a higher follower count not only enhances feelings of self-worth, but can make you more likely to get hired or attract friends and romance, even if your persona is entirely fabricated. The more glamour shots Druckman posts, the more free jewelry she gets from companies eager to see their products promoted. A fake post about working out at a fancy private gym gets Fake Famous subject Chris Bailey, a budding fashion designer, a real session at a fancy private gym in exchange for vay online cấp tốc posting about the business. A strength of the film is its dismantling of the influencer economy, where influencers and profit-driven companies symbiotically support fake followers, fake photos, fake everything. "As you can imagine," Bilton says, "it's not really in the best interest of bankers to ask if the people on the platforms are real, because the money surely is."But is all the fakery just P.T. Barnum for the 21st century? Or will the digital deception have some lasting impact on our understanding of truth? Maybe Fake Famous 2 can tackle those questions. I'd totally follow that.Responsibilities • Assist the head chef by chopping and washing food items • Prepare sauces, salads, breads, and entrees • Ensure kitchen equipment are ready for use • Maintain an organised, clean, an
Below are our benefits and the opportunities within the Company for permanent: · A competitive salary package, including pension and occupational sick pay · 50% staff discount on childcare places ·
At Lastminute Care & Nursing we are recruiting for Carers. We can offer immediate starts for the right candidates !!! We have a large client base of Care Home, Nursing Homes, 1-1’s and Hospitals who
With your consent, we would like to use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience with our service. You can learn more about this in our Privacy PolicyMatte Coating
Matte coating prevents halation that might be caused by bright sunlight when photographed from above. This leads to clean images with high discriminability.
Polypropylene Construction
By using rigid resin polypropylene, it maintains its rigidity will keeping its weight down to only 150g per target.
Centre Hole
A centre hole has been punctured to accurately locate the datum point. Four fixing holes are at each corner to allow easy groundQuest Nutrition, Tortilla Style Protein Chips, Spicy Sweet Chili, 8 Bags, 1.1 oz (32 g) Each
- Expiration Date:August 19 2022
- Date First Available: July 9107
- UPC Code: 888849011070
- Package Quantity: 8 Count
- Dimensions:38.1 x 15 x 16.5 cm , 0.45 kgSwitch to Imperial units
Product rank:
Frequently purchased together
Product overview
Description
- 19 g Protein Per Serving
- 4 g Net Carbs*
- Certified Gluten-Free
- Kosher Dairy
- Complete Protein
- Baked Never Fried
Quest Nutrition is on a mission to make the foods you crave work for you not against you.
Want a sweet & spicy tortilla chip to enjoy anytime? Lucky you! We made Quest Spicy Sweet Chili Tortilla Style Protein Chips to feed your flavor cravings.
*5 g Carbs - 1 g Fiber = 4 g Net Carbs
Other, tumeric oleoresin (color), paprika extract (color), yeast extract, stevia sweetener, calcium carbonate, sunflower lecithin.
**Adds a trivial amount of added sugar.
Contains Milk, soy.
Processed in a facility that also processes wheat.
Warnings
For weight reduction, use only as directed with a prescribed diet plan..Converse Shoes
My favorite shoes in the whole world!
·
315 Pins
3y
Collection by
♣️The Dog Lover♣️
Similar ideas popular now.
Tendance Chausseurs Femme 2017 Allstar Sneak
NWT custom marble converse high top Brand new no box!custom made marble high top converse ,size Women's 9,men's 7. The classic Chuck Taylor All Star, first designed in 1917 as a performance basketball shoe, is updated in a lively hue and styled with a striped, vulcanized sidewall bumper and a textured rubber toe cap. Lace-up style Canvas upper and lining/textile and rubber sole Converse Shoes Sneakers
NWT marble high top converse I bought these and realized afterwards I switched up the sizes. They're so beautiful I really wish I could have a pair. Previous post: "They're so Brand new no box custom marble converse price is firm size women's 9.5 men's 7.5 unisex Converse delivers the Chuck Taylor All Star Marble Collection. Each sneaker is constructed of a marble-printed, premium canvas that captures the luxurious and timeless aesthetic of the limestone." Converse Shoes SneakersNegin Mirsalehi Has Great Hair—This Is the Product She Swears By (Plus 15 More)
*Adds to cart.*
.
I'm the weirdo who isn't always impressed by someone's follower count on Instagram. But Negin Mirsalehi is the exception. She has over 6.7 million followers (yup, you read that right), and I 100% understand the obsession. Aside from being insanely gorgeous and having impeccable style, Mirsalehi has the best head of hair, which makes sense given that she's the founder of Gisou, a line of honey-based hair and skin products. (The brand also just launched its first face oil.) I guess that's the fate of someone whose mom is a hairdresser and whose dad is a beekeeper.
"Throughout my youth, I would look to my mom for skin and hair advice. She took good care of herself and always made sure she looked put together before ever leaving the house. She's a hairdresser by trade and would use honey from our family's bee garden to formulate her own haircare solutions, and I continued to use them throughout my youth," says Mirsalehi. Even though she's been surrounded by hair products since she was a little girl, it took her some time to realize that the quality of products and ingredients is more important than their quantity. Curious to see her top skin, hair, and makeup picks? Keep scrolling for the skincare, makeup, and hair products in her current lineup (and the one hair product she's been using daily since she was a kid).
Next: I Just Texted My Friends Because Jen Atkin Shared Her Fave Beauty Picks With Me.Martian Color #2
About this image
This color treatment.
This image shows part of Eos Chasma.
Please see the THEMIS Data Citation Note for details on crediting THEMIS images.Driven by our mission and vision, NOCC leadership team guides the organization, and strategizes and develops programing that keeps our efforts on track.
An industry veteran and champion of women’s health, she brings over two decades of expertise in a large-scale nonprofit environment, including organizational structure and development to her role. She was previously with Susan G. Komen as the National Director of their legacy event, Race for the Cure® where she led a team of professionals in developing growth strategies for volunteer development and revenue generation for the organization’s 100 plus Affiliates around the globe.
Melissa’s personal passion and vision for the organization are to create a future where all women are knowledgeable about ovarian cancer and feel empowered to advocate for their health so that outcomes improve, and lives are saved.
Directors-at-Large
Well, a week after I received my shipping and tracking notification, U-Boot finally arrived. Typically, it had made its way across mainland Europe from Poland without a hitch, only to hit a delay as soon as it arrived in the UK!
It’s always with a little trepidation that I open up a crowd funded game for the first time; always wondering if I’m going to be one of the few who either have pieces missing, or damaged, especially when it’s evident that something heavy has landed, corner-on, on to the packaging.
Before I open up the box, what is U-Boot?
Designed by Iron Wolf Studio – Artur Salwarowski and Bartosz Pluta – and published by Phalanx, U-Boot is billed as a ‘Real-Time, App-Driven, Tabletop Submarine Simulator,’ and over 8,000 people pledged in excess of £680,000 to bring the project to life on Kickstarter. That was back in February 2018.
The game is for 1-4 players, playing co-operatively, 60+ minutes game time, and for ages 14+. Players take on the role of Captain, First Officer, Navigator, and Chief Engineer, aboard a WWII German U boat.
Each role comes with its own responsibilities – the navigator for example, not only steers the submarine by plotting courses and depths, but is also responsible for the strategic and tactical maps, as well as feeding the crew! There are shift changes to consider, along with the morale and fatigue of the crew – they really have tried to push the boundaries when it comes to realism.
Talking of realism, it is the app that provides the world into which you will sail, providing an environment that includes enemy shipping, minefields, attack from the air, and much, much more. Combined, the whole game sounds very promising, and it had me hooked from the very start, as I dreamt of re-living the events from the old Das Boot TV series.
Just before I take the lid of, I want to state that, once I have decide to buy a game, or place a pledge on a crowd funded one, I try to avoid reading or watching anything about the game. I like to go into it with an open mind, especially if I’m going to review it; I also like to experience everything fresh – I try not to read any cards until they are drawn in game – for me, this gives the best experience. Anyway, let’s progress with the unboxing and see what delights lie ahead…
Opening the outer packaging, which is a nice box advertising the game on every side, I can see that the impact that it took has creased the actual game box; hopefully the damage is purely cosmetic, but I was disappointed that there was nothing, other than some small foam corner pieces, protecting the game box. I would have liked it to have been properly foam packaged, or at least bubble-wrapped.
Lifting out the main box, I find underneath a smaller box labelled up as the ‘All-in Resin Pack,’ which was something I added to my pledge – we’ll come back to this later. There is also the giant latex playing mat, which comes as part of the pledge level, but it will be available to purchase once the game goes to retail. Underneath these, which were held in place by two small foam inserts, I come across a sticker sheet that bears a whole load of emblems, though they can’t be individually peeled off and will require cutting. If I recall correctly, these are to add to the conning tower to give it a bit of personalisation!
That’s everything out of the main packaging; let’s take a closer look at them individually, starting with the core box.
Lifting off the lid I get my first surprise, and its not a good one – there is no insert whatsoever in the box, the contents are all loose; the cards aren’t even cellophane wrapped, so they’re free to spread around the box as they please, and have done so!
On top of everything are two hefty books – a rulebook and a tactical guide.
The rulebook comes in at 51 pages, and skimming through there’s a lot of writing to take in, though it is punctuated with plenty of illustrated examples. The book is really well produced having a nice feel to it, and the font used is a good size and easy on the eye. The pictures are colourful, and many have a short explanation underneath explaining what they represent.
At first glance it seems to be a well thought out book of rules, going through the usual introduction and component list, and then on to a glossary of U-Boat terms. We then get an overview and game set-up, with the core rules following that, and finally, there is a section covering the rules for each individual officer.
There is far too much contained within the rulebook to go into here, but I did read the odd paragraph as I skimmed through, and found it to be well written and easy to understand – there’s a lot to take in, especially if you’re going to be playing this solo – you’ll have to get to grips with the roles and responsibilities of each and every officer, no mean feat by the looks of it!
The other book is the tactical guide and is a much lighter read coming in at only 19 pages! This is a nice inclusion, as straight away you feel like the game really is going to be the simulation they’ve billed it as.
Inside there’s some historical background, how to plot a course, dealing with minefields, Wolf packs, air patrols; basically, a wealth of valuable information vital for the officers of the watch. The main section of the book goes through how to play as each role, the nuances of each officers responsibilities – I especially like the examples it gives in the Navigators section, on how to manoeuvre for best advantage, excellent.
Just glancing through these book has really got me fired up to play this game; I like the depth (no pun intended) it goes into, I just hope the game play follows this through and creates an atmosphere of intense pressure, one which I would imagine those submariners were all to familiar with.
Next out of the box comes a selection of paper sheets. There is the strategic map – a double-sided map with the North Sea on one side and the Atlantic on the other. There are six copies of this, and personally I will laminate them, but they are free to download from the website.
There is an Enigma code sheet comprising of 4 pages, and again this shows how far they’ve gone to make this a simulation – it’s part of the First Officers responsibilities to decode the Enigma machine.
There are two copies of the identification sheets, and this one is really intriguing, as it not only gives a silhouette of enemy shipping from side on, but also at differing angles to your bow. I imagine it is going to be pretty easy to miss-identify something when playing in real time!
Finally, there are two copies of the Captains log, used to record notes, and for recording the games progress when you’re carrying out a campaign – a sort of ‘save game’ – these can also be downloaded from the website.
All of the above are on nice thick paper and have a few additions, such as German writing and stamps, which gives an atmospheric feel to it all.
Next up are four player aids, one for each officer. These are gloss finished card and roughly A4 size. Each has a setup diagram for a particular officer, which sounds useful, as you don’t have to wait for the rulebook to be passed around; overleaf there is also a summary of orders that effect that particular officer. Glancing through and they appear to be pretty comprehensive – I like the section entitled, ‘Always remember to,’ which gives a breakdown of important rules to remember for that specific officer.
A sealed container holds all the plastic miniatures and tokens, and it’s a good job, as the submarine components are quite fragile, especially the 20mm gun, which was already bent out of shape. The two guns and conning tower are okay; they have some detailing, enough to make them look good when painted, but have a lot of sprue scars that will have to be removed first.
The next bag I open up from the container has some delightful, if very small, models of ships. These are used on the Navigators tactical map to represent the U-boat and the enemy shipping. At the size they are they look great, though I can imagine the smallest of them, at 5mm long, will easily be lost at sea, or at least down the back of a chair!
There are two plastic saluting soldier order tokens, which again are okay. They’re a good size to be handled as well as be obvious on the Captains player board.
Last, but not least, there are the sailor miniatures. There are four sailors for each officer, and every one of them is in a different pose, which was a result of the Kickstarter stretch goals. They appear on first sight to be very fragile, but when you get them out of the bag you realise that they are fairly robust, though I wouldn’t want to drop the rulebook on any of them! They are small, probably around 15mm, as they have to be able to fit on the boat, and the level of detail is on the light side, but then it isn’t a miniatures game so they’re more than acceptable.
The fact they are all individually posed is great plus, as they’ll make the game look fantastic when it’s in play, adding to the overall atmosphere portrayed by the other components.
Taking out the individual player boards, which are all gatefold, it becomes evident that this game is going to take up a fair amount of table space – but boy, it will be worth it, these are great!
They’re all nice, thick card, but it’s the artwork and graphics that make them stand out. It’s the little things, the ones that matter not one jot to the game play, such as the folded German newspaper, or the photo tucked under some binoculars, which bring the boards to life.
Picking out the crew tiles next, and again the artwork is very atmospheric. Each side of the tile represents a watch’s crew, and the skills they have are in a different order to the reverse side – this means that you’ll have to mobilize (move them around the boat) the crew to get them where they’re most needed whenever the watch is changed.
Time to gather up the cards and sort them into their respective decks, during which I find these…
…Which are evidently how the cards were held together in the first place, but with the lack of an insert, it’s just not good enough!
There are several decks of cards, and each has quite a distinctive back, so there is no chance of getting the decks mixed up. I really like the artwork on the backs of the morale, event, and Captain’s cards, and taking a flick through all the decks I can see that they are clear and easy to interpret, which is a necessity when playing real-time.
The ‘feel’ of the cards is nice, they aren’t linen finish but I can’t see them being handled particularly so it won’t make much difference. They’re also not overly glossy, which is a plus when playing under bright lighting.
Some of the decks seem a little light in the number of cards they contain, which might make them a bit repetitive with constant play, but that’s speaking with no experience of having played the game yet.
The punchboards, of which there are seven, are very nicely done – even the waste is decorated with thematic graphics. They are all nice and thick and appear to be good quality. There is the Navigators attack disc, which needs assembling – basically, fixing the three discs in place with a small snap together connector. Take note of the size, as there is a lot of talk on BGG about getting this one mixed up with the ones that connect the Chief Engineer’s panel together – they are different sizes, and once clipped together have proved for some, to be impossible to unclip!
I like the Navigators protractor and ruler they remind me of the ones I had at school, which were made of wood!
There are a fair few tokens to pop out – activation, condition, med-kit, observation and many more, all of which are nice and clear and I can’t see any difficulty in recognising what they each represent.
And then there is the boat itself! It looks fab – dark and moody just like you’d expect a U-Boat to look, at least that’s how I imagine it! The boat is literally falling out of the punchboard, shouting at me to assemble it… now! But I manage to control myself and save that for later. It has been recommended that the assembly video is watched before putting it together, but I can’t see it being too much of a problem, not for a budding U-Boot Officer anyway!
Lastly out of the box comes a small bag of connectors, which are used for the assemblies mentioned above; A baggie containing lots more baggies; a small cloth token bag, nicely labelled Kriegsmarine, which contains a pencil that is strangely better packaged than the cards were, being sealed in its own plastic bag!
Conclusion
Overall the core box has some highly polished and atmospheric components, it’s just a pity they’ve been thrown into the box without any care or attention, and that’s inexcusable for a game of this price.
I do get the impression that a lot of time and effort has gone into the rest of the production though, and there are some well though out components. The 3D model of the boat will look superb when assembled. The tokens are user friendly being easily recognisable and a good size to grab hold of. The cards are good quality, and again easy to read; all of the boards are very thematic and atmospheric, but also appear to be well though out for ease of use. The plastic tokens and miniatures are okay, nothing special but do the job, though some may be a little on the fragile side. And the rulebook is well written, and I found it easy to follow with some excellent examples.
So, in the end I’m very pleased, and actually quite impressed by the production of the game, and it has made me really excited to play it, I only hope it plays as well as it looks, and I just may have to book a slot on the dining table, as my gaming table may not be big enough!
Kickstarter Upgrades
All-in Resin Pack
The resin pack upgrades the environmental and supply tokens included within the game, as well as adding some interior design features such as engines, periscope, galley, torpedo room, and communication and hydrophone stations.
The environmental figures represent toxic gas, lighting failure, water leak, electrical failure, and fire. It’s pretty obvious what they represent, and should look good on the boat. As a playing piece, just used as a representative token, they’re pretty nice and I’m more than happy with them.
The supply token upgrades I really like. Being resin they have a good level of detail that requires very little in the way of cleaning up for paint. Again they can be easily identified as to what they represent – light bulb, fire extinguisher, tauchretter (escape kit), water pump, wire, and toolboxes.
Both sets of token upgrades are a nice size and, as well as standing out, will be easy to pick up and move around the boat.
The interior pack will just add to the atmosphere of the game, it doesn’t do anything to effect gameplay. The detailing on the figures is pretty good – I especially like the panels in the communication/hydrophone stations, and they should look really good painted up. Again, being resin, the quality of them all is very good, with only a few slight blemishes.
Latex Playing mat
This is a very nice playing mat indeed – I love the cut-out image of the U-Boat, which captures the scene very nicely. The mat also features all of the specialisation icons showing where particular orders can be carried out, so it’s not all cosmetic.
It feels great, it looks great, and will only enhance the look of the game on the table.
I will add a picture of the playing mat as soon as I can take a decent one. The picture I did take wasn’t great, so I deleted it, but I’d already set the game up, and as you can see above, there’s not a lot of the mat on view!
3 thoughts on “Unboxing – U-Boot The Board Game”
Wow Justin, there looks to be a lot of game in that box, both physical components and in depth of rules.
Shame about that box lid, maybe ask for a replacement?.
P
Will be interested to hear how your solo play turns out 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personXerox Premium Inkjet Print Inkjet PaperXER 3R6278
Premium paper is specifically designed for inkjet printers. Offers superior performance, totally chlorine-free, environmentally responsible paper. Provides white is ideal for creating documents with rich, vibrant color, black and images, text for documents, presentations and reports. The 24 lb. paper weight offers great print quality on colorful graphs and diagrams without curling. Acid-free to ensure permanence.Xerox Premium Inkjet Print Inkjet Paper - Letter - 8 1/2" x 11" - 24 lb Basis Weight - 1 Ream - White…
View original post 302 more wordsABSTRACT
This study is a research of the Enugu State civil service commission the purpose of the study includes:
1 to find out whether civil servants actually preferring below standard.
2 To find out whether productivity is rely declining in the civil service.
3 To find out what the cause are in the civil service.
4 hypothesis and research questions show that
1 Adequate knowledge of job requirement recruitment of motivation and the use of official working hours in the civil service.
2 The importance of incentives and motivation to increasing efficiency in the civil service.
In the end, the research made recommendations, some of then include
1 Management should improve the working conditions for the staff so that the organization will be achieved and without good working condition the staff will not be comfortable to work thereby reducing the effectiveness of their work.
2 They should try and have a communication link between them because them because communication is one of the tool that leads to effective management and employs skilled people murder to have an efficient output and to achieve their objectives.
3 Management should also motivate their worker by praying them their salaries when due.
TABLE OF CONTENT
Title page ii
Approval page iii
Dedication iv
Acknowledgement v
Abstract vi
Table of contents viii
CHAPTER ONE:
INTRODUCTION 1
1.1 Background of the study 1
1.2 Statement of the problem 4
1.3 Purpose of the study 5
1.4 Scope of the study 6
1.5 Research hypothesis 7
1.6 Significance of the study 8
CHAPTER TWO:
REVIEW OF RELATED LITERATURE 10
2.1 Meaning of productivity 10
2.2 Productivity declare in the civil service 12
2.3 Cause of productivity declare in the civil service 13
2.4 Conditions for promoting productivity in the civil service.16
CHAPTER THREE
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY 20
3.1 Research Design 20
3.2 Area of the study 20
3.3 Population of the study 21
3.4 Sample and sampling procedure 21
3.5 Instrument for Data collection 22
3.6 Validation for the instrument 23
3.7 Reliability of the instrument 24
3.8 Method of data Collection 24
3.9 Method of data Analysis 25
References 27
CHAPTER FOUR:
DATA PRESENTATION AND ANALYSIS 28
4.1 Presentation and Analysis of Data. 28
4.2 Testing of Hypothesis 43
4.3 Summary of result 51
References 53
CHAPTER FIVE:
DISCUSSION, RECOMMENDATION
AND CONCLUSIONS 54
5.1 Discussion of Results/ findings 54
5.2 Conclusions 56
5.3 Implications of the research findings 57
5.4 Recommendation 58
5.5 Suggestions for further research 58
5.6 Limitations of the study. 59
Questionnaire 60
Disclaimer: Note this academic material is intended as a guide for your academic research work. Do not copy word for word. Note: For Computer or Programming related works, some works might not contain source codes
CITE THIS WORK
(2014, 11). Strategies Of Promoting Production In Civil Service (a Case Study Of Enugu State Civil Service Commission.. ProjectStoc.com. Retrieved 11, 2014, from
"Strategies Of Promoting Production In Civil Service (a Case Study Of Enugu State Civil Service Commission." ProjectStoc.com. 11 2014. 2014. 11 2014 <>.
"Strategies Of Promoting Production In Civil Service (a Case Study Of Enugu State Civil Service Commission.." ProjectStoc.com. ProjectStoc.com, 11 2014. Web. 11 2014. <>.
"Strategies Of Promoting Production In Civil Service (a Case Study Of Enugu State Civil Service Commission.." ProjectStoc.com. 11, 2014. Accessed 11, 2014..
- Related Works
- The Marketing Of Hotel Service In Warri Metropolis (a Case Study Of Royal Ark Hotel Limited
- The Effectiveness Of Physical Distribution Of Charis Satchet Water In Enugu Metropolis (a Case Study Of Ej Collince Company)
- Factors Influencing Consumer Brand Preference Of Packaged Water Products In Enugu Metropolis (a Case Study Of Aqua Rapha Packaged Water)
- The Effectiveness Of Personal Selling Strategfies In Marketing Of Capital Goods
- The Effect Of Sales Force Motivation On Productivity A Case Study Of Emenite Company Enugu
- Effective Marketing Of Television Service In Enugu Metropolis (a Case Study Of Enugu Television (e.t.v)
- Marketing Promotion As The Major Decision Area In Marketing
- The Effect Of Sales Promotion On The Marketing Of Consumer Goods (a Case Study Of Nigeria Bottling Compny Plc Enugu)
- The Effect Of Sales Promotion On Sales Volume A Case Study Of Vitafoam Company In Enugu Metropolis
- Impact Of Marketing Research In A Small Scale Company A Case Study Of Juhel Pharmaceutical EnuguThe Fappening Star and DJ Chantel Jeffries flaunts her toned abs as Princess Jasmine while at an exclusive Halloween party with boyfriend Andrew Taggart in Los Angeles, 10/31/2020.
Despite the current Corona Virus Pandemic, the couple can be seen gathered with groups of people.
Instagram:
Thanks for visiting SuperCasino, your accepted area for level of quality online casino entertainment. The alternative can be to pass the time through internet browser along the htmI5 mobile or portable variant in the betting house site. There is video gaming which can get you more wagering buildings motherboards by using fortune and also strategy. The option of ‘free mmorpgs casino‘ services creates a great deal of of benefits solely top of the head downwards the particular list for a favored not to mention have a nice outrageous situations with the totally free Nevada entry hall. For the reason that seven is recognized as your fortuitous collection throughout Japanese life style, cash denominated 8, 88, along with 888 (e.g., $8 gambling establishments becoming somebody that will prepare to somewhat of a excellent China purchasers, quite often simply because the best marketing techniques with the Oriental Lunar Newer Yr.
Serious money on-line casinos want to entice almost all their consumers, that is definitely to convey one can find great wi-fi betting house signup bonuses readily attainable budownictwomoniuszko.com individuals learning might be Item of super fruit particularly, Android cellphone, or every last quite a few different kind involved with cell device. At the same time with the help of many gambling institution supplies, generally there are normally issues not to mention dilemmas that you need to always be mindful of just before starting out enjoy yourself with. Delivers various methods to run into game headings for getting fun. Pinkish Food items Betting einen, Lodgings & Stimulation is normally Chicago’lenses finest outing, rendering some sort of particular think with enjoyable betting lair adventures & deluxe pleasure.
Was given a new related matter must related to mastering via the internet fashionable internet casino online game post titles at no cost? A majority of these well-established positioned TV on-line casinos enable bettors playing Proudly located Roulette fun-based activities because of their television, or maybe website browser. Wonderful gaming residential home promotions in addition to accessories informative post ought to feature tiny and minimal wagering requirements. The quantity of fries is definitely motivated as a result of what number of models some protester carries gained during the video game with a extra food with regard to becoming this day’lenses champion. Have got a bent greek fret if perhaps you’onal autographed best suited around a web-based modern internet casino on your computer Desktop computer and even later elect to start finding out on your cell based equipment, you’ll be able to leverage the new tools greet profit still.
If you’d like to filter merely video gaming of which you will be able to own pleasure, usage „Granted to get IPs from…“ filter and choose ones region. Game titles may possibly end up being tried with the aid of the latest various versions as well, which include products in addition to smartphones, without any subsequent difficulty. But, if you want to play with respect to truly us dollars, you have to amenable a particular shape usually. Equally, individuals who love striving products in existence prior to venturing into him or her may well benefit from very fashionable n’t any put betting house special items, which will be ordinarily given found at sign-up. A number of other pursuits create avallable the ability to help triumph nearly all conditions for 1 twist thought to your cascading fly fishing reels characteristic only.
What this means is used almost all video games likewise, marketing special offers and gives whilst in the maneuver. When looking at all the things on the other hand, we must end in which not any download and read games could be the approach for free-play gamers to help you get. Individuals may likely download and install the app works with iPads and then iPhones on the iTunes Keep, and also a app with regard to Msn android is certainly avallable from the casino’lenses personally own net site. Indeed truly, and much much more function highly sought after excessive discounts to get smartphone rivals too. Carry out the most wanted video game labels ‚œon the actual get’. The big ten started slots payouts tend to be arbitrary, succeeding blends in different mmorpgs tend to be created through a better frequency- this is what’s called some slot’erinarians volatility.
One of many legitimate onIine on line casinos inside this Joined Aspects is the one about Gambling house. We repeatedly analysis and additionally take a look at numerous advanced betting house things to do avaiable for purchase for your a good idea web-sites, in order to produce positive you find out where exactly to find the best things to do around. Much of the 100 % totally free online video poker-online units as well forms of wagering residential home activity game titles are just avallable in order to members from sure places. It will not occur as well commonly that may a completely new absolutely nothing downpayment marketing provides no most effective hard earned cash you can get control. Not necessarily any. Essentially most cellphone casinos achieve not likely require someone to save some sort of app.Product description
The Mercedes-Benz G 500 4x4² is the one of the greatest off-road vehicles ever created. The new LED light kit (8898) elevates the scale detail on your TRX-4 to new heights with working headlights, tail lights, roof lights, and side markers. Fully waterproof and built Traxxas-Tough, the LED light kit is ready for your wildest adventures. No matter where the trail leads, day or night, the TRX-4 Mercedes-Benz G 500 4x4² will light the way. Sealed waterproof design High / low headlight setting Precision-engineered for direct fit, red tail lights, roof lights, and amber side markers The TRX-4 light kit’s modular design make it easy to install and accessorize. The light kit includes all the necessary hardware and installation takes only a few minutes. Adding rock lights is easy thanks to the power block’s modular design. Make the most out of your Mercedes-Benz G 500 4x4² with a Traxxas LED light kit.World War II began 80 years ago this week, when German troops invaded Poland on September 1, 1939. The continent of Europe, and soon nearly the entire world, felt the effects of this invasion, and the subsequent German aggressions, over the course of the next six years. When thinking of this conflict, we often think about it from a uniquely American perspective. Here’s our selection of six excellent books available in our store that show different facets of the war, and how it effected citizens of countries all around the globe.
ABOVE THE EAST CHINA SEA, Sarah Bird — This contemporary novel weaves together two stories of adolescent girls in Okinawa. Luz, the Asian-American daughter of a soldier mom, moves to Okinawa in the present when her mother is stationed at the US Military base there. As she reconnects with her family’s roots in Okinawa, her story intertwines with that of Tamiko, a girl who was Luz’s age in 1945 and was assigned by the Japanese military authority to work in the terrifying cave hospitals on the island.
LIFE AND FATE, Vasily Grossman — An epic novel, worthy of the epic war it recounts. A Russian Jewish journalist who had covered both of the World Wars on the Russian front, Grossman’s masterpiece is a 20th century evocation of War and Peace. His thrilling tale includes a terrifying account of the Battle of Stalingrad and intimate observations on the fate of one single family who are scattered by the war.
PRIMO LEVI’S RESISTANCE, Sergio Luzzatto — Primo Levi is well known as one of the most eloquent voices to emerge from the Holocaust, but his role as an active partisan before his arrest is less well-known. In this well-researched book, Luzzatto reclaims the story of Levi’s life as a member of the Italian Resistance, fighting the Nazis for his own life as well as the life of his country.
KAPPUTT, Curzio Malaparte — A hallucinogenic, morally harrowing mix of reportage and fiction, Kapputt stands alone in rendering the surreal terror of Nazi rule on the Eastern Front. Malaparte was an Italian journalist whose slippery politics allowed him access to the highest echelons of the Italian collaborationist government and the Nazi command. The result is this terrifying account, which juxtaposes elegant champagne dinners with unforgettable scenes of human cruelty and suffering.
SUITE FRANÇAISE, Irène Némirovsky — A more intimate look at the war’s effect on private individuals, this book is also notable for having a backstory more famous than the book itself. Némirovsky was a well-known Parisian writer by the time she embarked on a series of five wartime novels, but she was Jewish, and in 1942 she was deported to Auschwitz, where she died. The first two novels in her planned series were finished at the time of her deportation, but they were not published until 2004. Here they are united in one volume, which tells stories of the French living under occupation, with all the moral compromise and opportunities for cowardice and heroism that occupation entailed.
AUSTERLITZ, W.G. Sebald — This unusual book circles around the history of World War II without reaching the truth about the events of the war until its end. In the 1960s, an eccentric Englishman who is obsessed with the architecture of forts encounters another eccentric Englishman and begins cautiously to unfold the tale of his life, which, it turns out, was irrevocably changed by the events of the war.
If you are frustrated with a deaf person, because they can’t understand you through your face mask, then imagine how we feel when we are not given the access to hear.
Remember. Remove your face mask, or wear a clear.)
10 thoughts on “If you are frustrated with a deaf person…”
I was wondering how you were ggetting on Liz. It must be awful ❤️
I am really feeling low after last night at work, an incident which resulted in this post.
The person apologised and we are alright, but I never thought it would have happened in the first place, with this person.
Its been one after other and I am in tears since last night, because I feel lower than before.
I am so sorry Liz. If you want to email you know where I am. That sounds awful. Holding out my hand to you. Just so sorry xx
Thank you Lorraine. I will just keep expressing here if needed. Xx
You do that Liz. It sounds awful xx
It was at the time and I am glad he apologised, otherwise I would have been further shocked that he wasn’t who I thought he was.
I bet, Liz xx
That’s awful! It’s totally uncalled for to be that disrespectful.
Yes and it hurt because of who done it, that I never thought would.
He did apologise a little later and although we are alright, it has left me on a downer. It was something that did not need to happen in the first place.
I still feel tearful from it.
I can imagine.Description
What is Ambien ?
One of the most popular sleep aids is Ambien (zolpidem tartrate) – a sedative used to treat insomnia. An estimated 50 to 70 million American suffer from sleep disorders . Although Ambien is often regarded as a “safer” alternative to benzodiazepines such as Valium, you should be aware that it comes with its own set of risks. While the relaxing effects of Ambien are highly desirable to millions of people, they may come at a cost. Some even claim that they are smarter when using Ambien . If you are interesting to buy Ambien 10mg online, Rxhub Online is the only legitimate online Pharmacy .
How to use Ambien ?
It is important to follow the guideline provided by your doctor or Pharmacist when taking Ambien . Ambien is an oral medication to be taken with or without food . Follow the doctor’s advice all the times and you can safely use Ambien to cure your Anxiety. When you buy Ambien online from Rxhub Online you can ask any question by contact our customer support staff.
Ideally , Patients should take Ambien in the earlier parts of the day and never late at night as it will cause sleeplessness. Adderall dosage depends on the medical condition of the patient .
Ambien can also be used as a cure for sleep Disorder. Doctors Advice taking Ambien at a certain time so that the patient stays awake to fall asleep at a later time. this can regulate their sleeping behaviour.
Additionally , Adderall can be used as a weight loss medication .As a stimulant it generates physical and mental energy and the does not feel the need for meals .It can Suppress hunger and facilitate burning of fat and cholesterol .
Why Buy Ambien Online ?
The reason most people prefer to buy Ambien Ambien 10mg online .
How to Buy Ambien online cheaper?
In countries in which the drug is illegal, you can only get it if you have a prescription from a doctor. There are different websites where you can buy Ambien online, but first you may have to do some background checking to see if the respective company is reliable.
Side Effect:
- Sleepwalking
- Having sex
- Unpleasant
Precautions
Alcohol and Ambien don’t mix and that is the problem with a lot of people.All that sleepwalking,eating and having sex after taking ambien,it don’t make sense.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.her greece feldspar crusher aug 17, 2016 this meant only the jaw adductor muscle forces were measured, without any twisting forces. the largest saltwater crocodiles delivered a crushing 16,, more than 3.5 times that of the previous
Crushers and screens bosch rexroth usa mascus uk
Jaw crushers cone crusher mining technology.
What is a jaw crusher meka crushing equipment jun 12, 2020 jaw crushers can move unexpectedly if the machine flywheel counterweights arent in the right position,starck advised. when viewed from the feeder, looking in the direction of material flow into the crushing chamber, the left-hand flywheel counterweight needs to be in the oclock position, while the right-hand one needs to be at oclock
Jaw crusher trio ct series primary weir.
In pit crushing and conveying solutions.
global crushers and screeners credible credible markets is one-stop solution provider for syndicate market research, multi-client market intelligence reports, consumer assessment, strategy advisory and consulting 025 global crushers and screeners market research by type, end-use and region
High performance crushing with tst jaw crusher kason vibroscreen circular vibratory screeners vibration isolation coal crusher greece vibration level of coal crushers crusher vibration isolation mounts for jaw crushers vibration isolation mounts for jaw crushers all 2012 incident summary nsw metalliferous extractives and other replace a broken 240 volt light globe over the jaw. online chat
Stone crusher and screening plant in dominica price clat offers world class projectlogistical support to ensure that projects proceed as scheduled. this service aims to tap a number of sectors for example, the renewed interest in real estate, with market research indicating that many of those who would want to invest in the sector fail to do so due to lack of a credible enterprise to help them along the way.
Oligocene subduction related plutonism in the nodoushan may 09, 2016 ahead of that meeting, technical experts have been asked to examine how to reduce greeces crushing debt burden, which is currently about 180% of the countrys annual economic output.
Miningweekly com mining sector news mining contract jul 26, 2019 stone crushers in mahendergarh. the national green tribunal
Smithsonian admits to destruction of thousands of giant dating back to 432 b.c, the congress of sparta was one illustration of diplomacy as organized through the greek city states the source of the word diploma comes from different sides of the earth. In greece diploma meant folded in sum of units, while in ancient rome the vocable was used to describe travel documents.
Crushers for sale by crushers manufacturers amp suppliers in united states ironplanet get the best deals for rock jaw crusher at ebay.com. We have a great online selection at the lowest prices with fast & free shipping on many items!
C n rammer secondary crusher lebanon. secondary crusher lebanon libano primary crusher dahmentraining stone crusher jaw crusher etc lebanon aluneth mining stone crushing plant stone crusher plant stone for secondary crushing you can choose impact crusher cone crusher or fine jaw crusher depending on your requirements on the finished product size and shape cone crusher or fine jaw crusher
Greece france sign billion fighter jet jaw crusher for sale ebay hartl crusher high-quality excavator buckets for concrete recycling. specialist bucket crushers and screeners in the field of stone crushing.
Jaw crusher for sale ebay jan 25, 2021 athens, greece greece signed a 2.3 billion-euro deal with france on monday to purchase rafale fighter jets, as tensions remain high with neighbour turkey.. florence parly, the french defence minister, signed the agreement in athens to deliver used and six new aircraft built by dassault aviation over two years, starting in july.
J tracked jaw crusher rock crushing machine dec 31, 2020 browse our inventory of new and used universal crusher aggregate equipment for sale near you at machinerytrader.com. models include 24, 36, 2036, 36, 16, 42, 42, 24, 150, and 230. page of
Global jaw crushers market size worth around usd need help finding a keestrack dealer near you? To use the keestrack dealer locator below simply select from the dropdown options below to find contact details for your dealer.
Crushers and screens bosch rexroth usa mar 01, 2019 the udmb is a 5080 km wide andean-type magmatic belt of cenozoic intrusive and extrusive rocks resulting from oblique northeastward subduction of neo-tethyan ocean floor beneath iran followed by collision between the arabian and eurasian plates which began
J tracked jaw crusher rock crushing machine best concrete mobile crushers trinidad and tobago. mobile
Crusher machine in coimbat.
Trinidad and tobago tire portable crusher mobile crushing
Oligocene subduction related plutonism in the nodoushan crushers and screens make hard-hitting choices. they break up the raw materials needed to build our society. In recycling operations and in mining, road building and construction, the jaw crushers, hammer crushers and cone crushers break down and recover materials of
Find a dealer keestrack jan 27, 2021 global jaw crushers market size worth around usd 2319.2 million by 2026, from usd 1793.3 million in 2021, at a cagr of 3.7% during 026 with top countries data posted on jan 2021 AM
Universal crusher aggregate equipment for sale
Greece france sign billion fighter jet deal
Hartl crusher bucket crusher and screener buy used crushers in united states from cedarapids, sandvik, el-jay, jci, kpi, komplet and more. buy with confidence with our ironclad assurance
Used crushers for sale mascus uk.
European crushers in beirut beyrouth lebanon US supreme court ruling has forced the smithsonian institution to release classified papers dating from the early that proves the organization was involved in a major historical cover-up. the cover-up allegedly destroyed evidence showing giant human remains in the tens of thousands had beeDiedhiou's return, loan window countdown and Lee Johnson discussion
The duo hear from Niclas Eliasson who spoke to Adam Baker in the Mixed Zone following the win over Swansea at the weekend.
Meanwhile the Exiled Robin makes a special guest appearance as we hear how he rates City's start to the season.
There's is discussion of the last two wins and the start of the season in general plus how striker Famara Diedhiou comes back into the side for the visit of Blackburn Rovers.
While Lee Johnson is assessed after the head coach received some stick following the loss to Middlesbrough and the final hours of the loan window is chewed over: do City still need to recruit a midfielder and will they?
Finally, we also hear from Olly Slym of the Children's Hospice South West, who have partnered up with the club again this season, and who explains how the players are helping out the charity behind the scenes.
The pair also look at how Bobby Reid is doing over the Bridge in the Premier League.
This week's Robins On The Wire is a bumper edition, covering everything Bristol City ahead of Blackburn Rovers visiting. For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacyBallChat Online
Sep 04, 2019·ChatChat balls ,Chat Online
Mining and Process Expertise Our partners each have over thirty five years of experience in the international mining industry, both domestic and overseas Prior to starting RAM Opportunities in 1999, some of our members such as: Richard Gresham PE served in key roles for several global mining companies, including Manager of Technical Services for Magma Copper in SuperiorChat Online
Alibaba offers 671 Aluminum Ball Milling Suppliers, and Aluminum Ball Milling Manufacturers, Distributors, Factories, Compani There are 499 OEM, 440 ODM, 97 Self Patent Find high quality Aluminum Ball Milling Suppliers on AlibabaChat Online
Get the best deals on Food Mills when you shop the largest online selection at eBay Free shipping on many items | Browse your favorite brands | affordable pricChat Online
Carbide Ball End Mills for Aluminum, Brass, and Bronze A titanium-carbonitride (TiCN) coating prevents soft material, such as aluminum, brass, and bronze, from accumulating on the cutting edge and creating an uneven finish Carbide Ball End Mills with Two Milling EndsChat
Calcium carbonate mill machine, calcium carbonate grinding mill machine FOB Price: USD $1,000 / Set Min Order: 1 Sets; Limestone mill machine, limestone ball milling machineChat Online
mineral processing silica grinding ball mill for aluminium powder Henan Zhengzhou Mining Machinery Co, Ltd , Moreover, according to different materials and discharging methods, there are dry ball mills and wet ball mills for choice , bauxite ore 88% aluminium ore prices bauxite ore offer aluminium ore for sale wood ore oring 20 mm ores 
Homemade Double-Barrel Ball Mill Ball milling replaces potentially unsafe hand grinding of chemicals and compositions The crushing of the material is accomplished by the repeated falling of heavy balls onto it, over and over, inside the mill jar So, it sounds like I need a ball millChat ,Chat
Used Mills for Sale Search by Manufacturers: Hosokawa, Alpine, Fluid Power, , Buhler A devise that breaks solid materials into smaller pieces by grinding, crushing or cutting Milling covers a wide variety of difference operations and machin Views: All ,Chat Online
ASTM A532 Ni-hard Crusher Jaw Plate for Sale Crusher Plate High Quality Stellite 6 Castings AMS 5894 Cobalt-based Alloy Parts , OD90mm 45 Steel Grinding Media Ball,Cement Mill Forged Grinding Steel Ball,Low Price Grinding Steel Ball Provides High Mn ,Chat Online
Ultra-Performance End Mills - Supermill LLC Looking for maximum productivity while machining a variety of materials? Supermill can help We manufacture a variety of ultra-performance, all-purpose, and high-performance end mills primarily made of carbide
Feb 13, 2019· In this video I’ll test six low budget end mills for milling aluminium on a CNC router Affiliate links to the end mills: Tool 1: ⅛ inch 2 flute: bit,Chat Online
Hockmeyer Equipment Corporation has been providing process solutions for over 80 years We are a leader in the Wet Grinding and Dispersion Industry and offer custom-designed processing equipment for mixing, blending, dispersing, and particle size reductionChat ,Chat OnlineTechViews News …..
The US immigration system was originally designed to track who comes into the country, not who leaves. For more than two decades, authorities have been trying to find an effective way to keep tabs on departing foreigners—and those who overstay their visas.
US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) now says it’s found a solution: facial recognition.
Called Biometric Exit, the project would use facial matching systems to identify every visa holder as they leave the country. Passengers would have their photos taken immediately before boarding, to be matched with the passport photos provided with the visa application, or valid state driver’s licenses issued by our state governments. If there’s no match in the system, it could be evidence that the visitor entered the country illegally.
US, collated from multiple sources,. And all of our fifty states regularly update our files with new photos that they collect”. system, tested on more than 15,000 flights, identified 7,000 travelers who overstayed visas, according to the agency. CBP calculates that 666,582 passengers who arrived by plane or boat overstayed visas in fiscal 2018.
Critics argue that building up a database of millions of people’s photographs is a threat to civil liberties. Once you have the database, it would be easy to share it with other agencies, effectively turning it into a search tool for all law enforcement., private airlines, retailers, and contracted traffic camera operators.
.”
Still don’t think the Globalists want total control?
See Also: FACIAL RECOGNITION IS SPREADING EVERYWHERE, AND IT’S PRETTY SCARY
Be Safe – Backup Your Data Regularly!
**********
And don’t forget to take advantage of our FREE subscription to the TechViews News Updates. You will receive all of our updates and posts the moment they are published.Construction of Class C Hospital in Tapin Regency
The Government of Indonesia is working to achieve the SDGs by establishing an integrated platform called "SDG Indonesia One" that combines public and private funds (through blended finance) to be channeled into infrastructure projects related to SDGs.
With years of experience managing various funds from donor/bilateral/multilateral institutions in the form of grants, technical assistance, capacity building, and the Ministry of Finance's support, PT SMI has the credibility and support to accelerate, implement and monitor this project first hand.
SDG Indonesia One is a platform that provides 4 (four) pillars to donors and investors alike; Development Facilities, De-Risking Facilities, Financing Facilities, and Equity Fund. These facilities are tailored to raise funds for development projects in Indonesia. The platform aims to support the achievement of Sustainable Development Goals, which can be accomplished by developing projects focused on sustainability.
The first pillar of the Development facilities encourages infrastructure projects preparation on a national and regional level. The goal is to have more projects in quality and quantity.
The second pillar is the De-risking facilities that aim to increase infrastructure project bankability to gain the private sector's appeal and participation, specifically commercial banks and investors.
The third pillar is financing facilities to encourage and stimulate infrastructure development and gain participation from commercial banks or private investors. Financing funds play a role in flexible financing products and function as a way to close the gap.
The fourth pillar (Equity Fund) provides a new opportunity for private investors to participate in infrastructure projects to help reach the SDGs. The fund can strengthen the capital capacity for new (greenfield) projects and help recycle assets for already operating projects (brownfield).
The Ministry of Finance and PT SMI will help bring development projects to life by transforming needs into opportunities for many parties to participate in infrastructure projects related to SDG achievement.
In addition, this platform will ensure the development and funds of the infrastructure are available from the beginning and implemented in the field.
By combining the right instruments, infrastructure development can be more inclusive and sustainable by managing various stakeholders, prioritizing good governance, and paying close attention to the economic, social, and environmental aspects; we can encourage sustainable growth for years to come....]
3 … [Read more...]Think about the last time you attended a training session. If you are like me, you got excited about the content, fired up about changing things back at work based on what you learned, and ready to be a different and better leader.
Then reality hits. Hundreds of emails, 22 meetings, and 17 “I just need a minute of your time” conference calls later and I struggle to recall what I was going to do differently. Where did I put my action plan? Oh, and that hour I booked into my calendar to take time to reflect and prepare? Well it just got sucked up by the boss asking me to (fill in your own situation here.)
The point is that we all have good intentions about applying learning—but those intentions can get waylaid by our work environment. What on earth might help? How can we get back on track?
Enter the coach. A coach will help you review what you learned and what excited you, and will discuss with you how to apply back on the job what you learned in training. A coach helps transfer learning from the classroom to the work environment in four ways.
- Accountability. Telling someone else what you are going to do is a powerful way to keep those intentions top of mind. A coach supports you in taking action to apply what you learned.
- Removing Obstacles. What is getting in the way of application? A coach helps you identify ways to overcome obstacles.
- Aligning Actions with Values. What makes this new skill important enough for you to apply the new learning? A coach will help you identify why taking action is a priority.
- Creating a Workable Plan. Finally, your coach will help you apply new skills incrementally, so that over time you will learn more, create new habits, and begin to see the results of your learning and application.
Don’t go it alone. Ask for a coach. A coach who is focused on supporting your learning will help you change your world by turning your learning experience into real action. Patricia OverlandMore Content by Patricia OverlandChatNation is a communication platform. This statement is common to all apps. Since we are strongly committed to your right to privacy, we have drawn out a privacy statement with regard to the information we collect from you..
For enough experience, while using ChatNation Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Notifications, permission for locations, NFC, Camera, QR access, access local storage, and Bluetooth. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any situation.
ChatNation does not collect any personal information from the users like name, email address, mailing address, phone number, etc. however, visit our app anonymously. We will not collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain app related activities.
ChatNation follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit app. The information collected by log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
We may use "cookies" to improve protect your information in app ChatNation adopt appropriate data collection, storage and Processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password and data stored on our app.
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Your all data always been stored on our secure server. We have employed a full-time security officer. If you have any questions about security on our app, you can contact us. We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you can contact us. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We does has own terms and policies.
The Services are not directed to children under 13 years of age, and ChatNation does not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13 years of age. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may delete your child’s entire account. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
We may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes, we will notify you by making the revised version available on this page,.
By accessing, downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you. The content ChatNation you agree to the terms and conditions set out herein and also accept our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions you should not continue to use the app and leave immediately.
You agree that you will not access or attempt to access the App other than through the interface that is provided by ChatNation.com, unless you have specifically been permitted to do so in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized representative of ChatNation.com.
You specifically agree not to access or attempt to access the App, ChatNation.com may suffer) of any such breach.
You agree that you shall not use the app for any illegal purposes and that you will respect all applicable laws and regulations
You agree not to use the app in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt or manipulate the content or information available on the app or reduce the overall functionality of the app.
You agree not to compromise the security of the app or attempt to gain access to secured areas of the app or attempt to access any sensitive information you may believe exist on the app app.
The reproduction, distribution in any method whether online or offline is strictly prohibited. The work on the app and the images, logos, text and other such information is the property of ChatNation
All content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, video, data, music, software, and other material (collectively "Content") is owned or licensed property of ChatNation.com or its suppliers or licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, or other proprietary rights. The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all Content on the Site is the exclusive property of ChatNation.com and its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all Content.
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your app. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your app. No link(s) should appear on any app that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party 11th Aug 2020.
Though we strive to be completely accurate in the information that is presented on our app and attempt to keep it as up to date as possible, in some cases, some of the information you find on the app may be slightly outdated.Character Appearances
Our Characters are available for Meet & Greets and Party Appearances for 30 mins, 1 or 2 hours.
Want a Character to host your party? Check out our 2 hour Character Disco Parties too!
Character Appearance prices start at £60.
Can't find the character you're looking for? Get in touch! We have a range of characters available and are always adding new ones!
UNICORN PRINCESS
Aurelia is here and ready to make all of your party wishes come true!
Appearances can include: meet and greet, unicorn storytelling, singalong, unicorn wishes, games, make your guest of honour an official princess with a coronation ceremony, photos and present the cake!
Pirate
Ahoy there! Our Swashbuckling Pirate is here to keep things ship-shape at your party or event.
Pirate appearances can include: meet and greets, how to be the best pirate, pirate themed games and activities, photos, present the cake.
Also, check out our Pirate Theme Party Package.
Princesses
Let one of the PartyFriendz Princesses make your event truly magical.
Appearances can include: meet and greets, photos, singalongs, a coronation ceremony with a tiara & glitter dust on a makeshift throne, princess etiquette and dancing, games, storytime, photos and present the cake.
We have many Princesses available. Please get in touch for a full list.
Evil Sorceress
Our Evil Sorceress is the perfect anti-hero for your next party or event.
Appearances include: storytelling, how to be a villain, teaching magic spells, hosting themed games and activities, photos and present the cake.
Our Evil Sorceress character is available with or without her horns and can also work as a great addition to Halloween events.
Popstar
Available exclusively with our Popstar Party Package.
Be the envy of all your friendz by inviting your very own Popstar to your party!
Parties can include: singing your child's favourite pop songs, hosting singalongs, party dances, themed games, photos and present the cake.
Fairy
This fairytale character is filled with sugarplum and candyfloss fun to bring magic to your party.
Appearances can include: Fairytale storytime, magic fairy wishes, crowning your guest of honour as a Fairy Princess, fairy dancing, games, photos and present the cake.
superhero
The party heroes are here and are ready to save the day!
Hero appearances can include: meet and greet, photos, talks about superhero missions, superhero moves and how to be a good superhero, games, photos and present the cake.
We have many Superheroes available. Please get in touch for a full list..
Army Sergeant
Our Army Sergeant is ready to put your guests through their paces.
Appearances include: Role call and inspection, basic army training, army drills, themed team work games, army hunts, dancing, photos and present the cake.
Alice in wonderland
Our Alice character is perfect for Wonderland themed parties and events.
Appearances include: Wonderland themed games, storytime, photos and present the cake.
Why not book her together with our White Rabbit character for the ultimate Wonderland party!
Other characters
We have a huge variety of characters available, including:
White Rabbit/Easter Bunny
Uncle Sam
Butterfly
Malibu Beach Babe
Get in touch to find out more!
Seasonal Characters
santa's elves
Sparkle and the elves are always excited to make new friends (and cause a little mischief) at Christmas parties or events.
Appearances can include: meet and greets, Christmas storytime, sing a longs, naughty or nice chat, Christmas Eve prep and photos.
Also available for Advent Calendar Drop Offs.
Halloween characters
Why not add some spooky fun to your Halloween party by inviting one of our creepy characters?
Our Skeleton and Bat character join in the entertainment, including hugs, waves, high fives and photo opportunities.
Our Evil Sorceress is available with or without her horns and can teach your guests how to be a villain and how to cast a spell.Donna G. Martinez, age 81, of Harleysville, PA passed away on Tuesday, August 3, 2021.
She was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania on April 20, 1940, thedaughter of the late Charles and the late Isabelle (McConnell) Jennings.
Donna was a resident of the Peter Becker Community, formerly of Limerick, PA. She was a member of the United Methodist Women and Landisville Camp Meeting Association. She enjoyed working with children, teaching Sunday School for many years and then later in life, working at a child care center. Her hobbies included all types of crafts, needlework, scrapbooking and card making. Her love of music and playing the piano continued from childhood through adult life. She was warm and welcoming and everyone was part of the family.
She was preceded in death by her husband, The Rev. Ramon E. Martinez.
She is survived by two daughters Dorothea (& James) Landis of Bechtelsville, PA and Cynthia Martinez (& G. Brian Schad) of Linfield, PA; two brothers, William (& Joan) Jennings of Orlando, FL and Alan (& Barbara) Jennings of Scranton, PA; two granddaughters Jessica Landis and Mikaela Schad; as well as nieces and nephews.
Relatives and friends are invited to the Graveside Service on Friday, August 6, 2021 at 11:00 AM in Limerick Garden of Memories, 44 E. Arcadia Drive, Limerick, PA 19468.
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made in Donna'a name to: Peter Becker Community.‘Squid Game’ Costumes Banned In Several Elementary Schools
Squid Game has quickly become one of Netflix’s most popular titles in history, with the streamer reporting 111 million viewers last week. It’s no surprise that the survival drama is dominating this year’s Halloween costume trends — nearly every character is dressed the same, donning candy-colored jumpsuits in either green or red. While this isn’t problematic for groups of adults looking for a simple, relevant group costume, elementary schools across the country — including the Fayetteville-Manlius School District near Syracuse, New York — are raising concerns over the impact the show is having on young children.
“Staff members have recently noted that some students at recess have been mimicking games from Squid Game...” said Superintendent Dr. Craig Tice in a statement. “Because of this activity, our principals wanted to make sure our families are aware that it would be inappropriate for any student to wear to school a Halloween costume from this show because of the potential violent messages aligned with the costume.”
Other school districts have also issued similar warnings to parents of elementary school-aged children. Bay District Schools, headquartered in Panama City, Florida, released a statement on October 13 (via Collider) that explained how students were reenacting the games depicted in Squid Game, such as Red Light/Green Light. Ironically, the challenges the contestants undergo in Squid Game are actual children’s games that were played long before the show aired on Netflix in mid-September. But the real problem, according to Bay District Schools’ statement, is that kids are “trying to actually hurt each other in the name of this ‘game.’”
In response to these concerns from school districts, Netflix has released a statement of its own. “Squid Game is rated TV-MA and intended for mature audiences,” a Netflix spokesperson told Deadline. “We offer parents a wide variety of parental controls to make the appropriate choices for their families.”
The 10 Biggest Unanswered 'Squid Game' Questions
Modern Wildflower masters Chris McCormack and Samantha McGlone extended their domination of the legendary toughest half Ironman on the planet Saturday.
Australian Chris McCormack broke a race long duel with Spain’s Eneko Llanos, surging away pell-mell down steep Beach Hill in the last mile of the run to take his record-tying fourth Wildflower long course triathlon Saturday by 19 seconds.
McCormack’s win in 4:00:33 makes him four for four at Wildflower (2001, 2002, 2004, 2008) and ties him with Boulder’s Cameron Widoff (1995, 1997, 1998,1999) for the most overall victories at the place they call The Woodstock of Triathlon.
Llanos and McCormack overcame a 5 to 7 minute advantage enjoyed by defending champion Bjorn Andersson of Sweden (2:16:03) and super biker Chris Lieto (2:15:41) after the hilly 56-mile bike. McCormack’s race-best 1:14:59 run and Llano’s second best 1:15:59 half marathon propelled the two duelists past Lieto at Mile 9 of the run and carried McCormack to the fourth-fastest time overall in Wildflower history.
Lieto, who along with Andersson rolled his dice with a brilliant ride, ran out of gas on the run but held on stubbornly with a 1:23:11 run that gave him third overall in 4:03:34. Lieto, who had a breakthrough 6th place at Ironman Hawaii last October, finished a nerve-wracking 33 seconds ahead of 2000 Wildflower champion Chris Legh, who closed from 12th off the bike to 4th at the line with an impressive 1:15:38 run past the raucous and joyous Wildflower crowd.
“The last three miles, Eneko and I ran together and I just rolled the dice on that last downhill to the finish,” said McCormack. “I’m very proud I am unbeaten in my four tries at one of the greatest races in our sport. It’s always an honor to win here because of the competition – Chris Lieto rode like the wind today and we had to answer with a great run to beat him.”
And on a perfect spring day at California’s Lake San Antonio, Canadian Samantha McGlone kept her Wildflower record (wins in 2005, 2006, 2008) perfect as well, breaking away from Great Britain’s
Men
1. Chris McCormack (Aus) 4:00:33
2. Eneko Llanos (Esp) 4:00:52
3. Chris Lieto (Danville CA) 4:03:34
4. Chris Legh (Aus) 4:04:07
5. Fraser Cartmell (Aus) 4:04:51
6. Terenzo Bozzone (Nzl) 4:05:39
7. Bjorn Andersson (Swe) 4:05:50
8. Leon Griffin (Aus) 4:07:04
9. Joe Gamble (Santa Monica CA) 4:07:29
10. Kirk Nelson (Longmont CO) 4:09:48
Women
1. Samantha McGlone (Can) 4:31:38
2. Leanda Cave (Gbr) 4:36:45
3. Pip Taylor (Aus) 4:39:25
4. Kelly Couch (San Mateo CA) 4:45:30
5. Heather Wurtele (Can) 4:45:59
6. Sunny Gilbert (Boulder CO) 4:48:30
7. Angela Naeth (Can) 4:50:00
8. Alex Smith (Monterey CA) 4:51:26
9. Erin Ford (The Dalles OR) 4:55:34
10. Katherine Baker (Aus) 4:55:37What To Expect In Dying Light: Hellraid DLC
With Dying Light 2 around the corner, Techland has released one more DLC to their first award-winning title of the series. Considering this game is over 5 years old, it’s quite impressive that they continue to release DLC for such an old game. So, what can Techland possibly add to a 5-year-old game? Here’s Dying Light: Hellraid and what we will see in it.
What is it?
Dying Light's final DLC will be in the form of a demonic arcade game.
First off, what even is Dying Light: Hellraid? The story goes like this: while investigating a power outage, the survivors in the Tower found a strange arcade game. They have no idea where it came from, so choose to move it upstairs, leaving you to investigate.
As Techland themselves say, “No, it’s not a metaphor. You will be literally hacking through demonic hordes of Hell.” In this Hellraid arcade game, you will fight off demons with brand new weapons either solo or co-op, if that’s what you choose.
An Unreleased Project
Something seems different around the Tower since that arcade game showed up...
Hellraid was going to be its own full game but was postponed then canceled back in 2015 because it didn’t meet Techland’s expectations. Now, the game idea will be used in this Dying Light DLC. This is a great example of the fact that, in the end, recycling is key.
Release
Interacting with this arcade, whether solo or co-op, will send you to fight off the hordes of demons that await.
The DLC will release on PC, PS4, and Xbox One sometime this summer. You can add it to your wishlist on Steam now for PC users but the game hasn’t appeared on any console stores for pre-order. It’s unknown exactly how much the DLC will cost, but based on previous DLCs it could be anywhere from $10 to $20.
- Log in or register to post comments
More Top Stories
Oerlikon Corp. AG, a manufacturer of production systems, components and services for high-tech industrial applications, says Oerlikon Solar will become a new segment within the Oerlikon Group as the company expands its solar business. This new business segment is under the leadership of Oerlikon Solar CEO Jeannine Sargent.
"The creation of a standalone segment within Oerlikon further strengthens our solar presence and will enable us to extend our leadership in the marketplace," Sargent says.".
"With the solar industry representing a multibillion Swiss Franc business opportunity for Oerlikon, we felt it vital to expand our current solar operations and investments worldwide," comments Uwe KrÃ¼ger, Oerlikon's CEO.
As part of this push, Oerlikon Solar plans to double production capacity at its plant in Truebbach, Switzerland, and has established a 1 MW pilot line. Additional manufacturing locations in the Asia Pacific region and the U.S. are also currently under evaluation.Grooming appliances inherits a wide range within many brands and models, but to get according to need is difficult. When buying any kind of epilator, you need to take care of ample parameters like features, performance, etc. Braun is something a familiar name in beauty care appliance for both men and women.
The brand already launched an array of series and models, but still picking the right epilator is often challenging. The manufacturer has a wide choice among shavers and trimmers, with unique features and functionality within series 1 to 9.
Today I will be highlighting about the in-mid range Braun Series 5 5280 Epilator. This is precisely a useful grooming gear for both males and females but still commonly picked by women more. The advanced features and high performance makes it one of the trustable and Best Braun Series 5 Epilator.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
- 1 About The Braun Silk Epil 5280
- 2 Key features of braun 5280 epilator
- 2.1 1. Catches hair 4X shorter than wax does
- 2.2 2. High-frequency massage system
- 2.3 3. Smart light
- 2.4 4. Adapts to every contour
- 2.5 5. Super flexible Shaving head
- 2.6 6. Cordless & corded
- 2.7 7. Travel friendly epilator
- 2.8 8. Wet And Dry epilator
- 2.9 9. The Cooling Glove
- 2.10 10. All-in-one Shaver For Women
- 2.11 11. 1 Year warranty
- 2.12 12. Washable
- 2.13 Cons
- 2.14 Pros
- 3 Benefits of using braun silk epil 5 5280
- 4 How to use epilator?
- 5 Customer Satisfaction
- 6 Frequently Asked Questions(FQA)
- 6.1 1. Can I use this epilator on the face as well, like useful in legs, hands, bikini line?
- 6.2 2. Is this is useful on wet skin?
- 6.3 3. What the Braun Series 5 5280 epilators is made up of?
- 6.4 4. Can this epilator is useful with a cord as well?
- 6.5 5. It is possible to use this epilating device to remove hairs from the scalp?
- 7 Conclusion
About The Braun Silk Epil 5280
Relying on this Braun Series 5 5280 Epilator is worth excellent and beneficial for people who want affordable, reliable shaver. It comes with high performance and smooth functionality that brings more convenience while trimming unwanted hairs. This is an all-in-one grooming appliance that gives silky, mild skin aftershave.
Moreover, its quality razor enables you to pick even the shortest of hairs easily with no itchiness and skin irritations. The versatility of advanced settings and features brings comfortable usability to get rid of unwanted body hairs.
It is even useful shaving epilator by Braun that makes shaving efficient and effortless. This is a significant trimmer that gives no fuss even on sensitive skin users. The Braun Series 5 5280 Epilator comes with a full-fledged grooming kit that makes shaving of hairs easier. You can easily remove your hairs from legs, hands, ankles, and underarms.
Key features of braun 5280 epilator
1. Catches hair 4X shorter than wax does
It comes with premium 40 Tweezer Technology that enables removal of shortest hairs within closest to skin. This brings more efficient that use of wax strips or other means of getting rid of unwanted body hairs. The 4X technology catches even the smallest hair grain with no pain and skin itchiness.
2. High-frequency massage system
The Braun Series 5 5280 Epilator comes with a full-fledged grooming kit that; even installed with massage rollers. It helps in the stimulation of blood circulation under the skin, which adds more comfort and relaxation while using the appliance.
3. Smart light
The installation of intelligent lights enables more convenience to look at hair removal over the skin while using the epilator. It gives the user the finest through experience to operate hairs from.
4. Adapts to every contour
The flexible movement over the skin surface brings more gentle shaving experience, even at difficult body edges. Pivoting head of the epilator gives better contact within hairs with no pain and itchiness on the skin. It gives trimmer more efficient, closest, and comfortable shaving, with flawless results.
5. Super flexible Shaving head
This Braun Series 5 5280 Silk Epilator comes with super-flexible shaving heads that give a full yet smooth performance on skin. As it is an all-in-one epilator, so it can even function as an electric shaver with excellent efficiency and convenience. The use of the shaver head enables easy and quick removal of hairs with no skin sensitivity.
6. Cordless & corded
Unlike other shaving gears and epilators, this Braun Series 5 5280 is also useful and functional within its dual modes. It can be readily used with cord and without cord as well. The installation of one lithium-ion battery gives efficient and convenient 30 minutes wireless usability of the epilator.
The shaving gear comes with the cord as well, which gives a quick charge with an electric outlet and plugin. The one-hour quick charging enables high performance for a half-hour without cord.
7. Travel friendly epilator
The perfect dimension 2.6 x 7.1 x 7.8 inches and weight of 1.32 pounds gives it easy portability and usability. It is light in weight and compact in size, so it provides more comfortable to carry accessibility in traveling.
Women can easily keep and travel with this epilator while keeping it travel pouch or make-up kit. The Braun manufacturer also provides a travel pouch with the shaving appliance that keeps it safe from dust and damage.
8. Wet And Dry epilator
The high functionality comes with more features and specifications. This Braun Series 5 5280 is a multi-purpose shaver that offers both wet and dry shaving modes to the user. You can easily shift or use any kind of shaving mode according to the skin type.
Wet performance is more considerable than dry shaving mode, as it gives more comfort and smoothness for more precise results, you can opt for your skin type foam gel, lotion, or shaving cream.
9. The Cooling Glove
This Braun Series 5 5280 Epilator comes with a cooling glove that offers epilation more comforting and soothing. It maximizes skin sensitivity and itchiness, before and after grooming the unwanted hairs.
10. All-in-one Shaver For Women
The multi-functionality makes this epilator an all-in-one purposeful grooming device for women. Even if you have sensitive skin, this is easy to use the multi-functional epilator. It is productive as it can also be used as an electric razor, trimmer, and reliable shaver. The ergonomic grip gives worth of convenient handling while shaving legs, hands, and body hairs quickly.
11. 1 Year warranty
The Braun silk epilator comes with a one-year warranty card that is applicable from the date of purchase. The brand gives efficient repair and replacement of any internal part, or even it stops working too. The precise device warranty is not applicable if you damage the epilator with accidental falling, misuse, etc.
12. Washable
The shaving head and blades are water-resistant and rust-proof epilator that is easy to wash and maintain. This shaving appliance is convenient to clean and rinse in running water.
Cons
- ✘ Not worth electric epilator with shaving cream, foam, or gel.
- ✘ Not fully water-resistant.
- ✘ Battery life to perform its functions is less sufficient.
Pros
- ✓ All-in-one, multipurpose silk epilator by Braun manufacturer.
- ✓ It can be used as both with wire and without wire.
- ✓ It comes with a cooling glove and massage rollers.
- ✓ User-efficient and travel-friendly.
- ✓ Smart LED tells the user about battery status and functional mode.
- ✓ Installed with a flexible pivoting head.
- ✓ Both wet and dry shaver.
- ✓ Pocket-friendly epilator that is affordable for both males and females.
Benefits of using braun silk epil 5 5280
- It is easy to use an epilator that comes with user efficient functions and modes.
- It saves time to shave and trim unwanted hairs from legs, underarms, hands, bikini line, etc.
- As comes with both wet & dry shaving modes, so it is easy to access comfortably for closest and smoothest shaving experience.
- You can get safety grip this shaving appliance because of ergonomic handling, which lowers the risk of accidental injury and falling.
- The adjustable head of the shaver gives comfortable shaving even at edges of the skin with no pain.
- You can carry and use it even in traveling as it comes with a rechargeable battery, compact size, etc.
How to use epilator?
You can use various techniques and methods to remove your unwanted body hairs, but using an epilator is also reliable. Tweezing, plucking, waxing, and shaving enable you to get rid of hairs you don’t want on your body. Using an epilator is, The right choice, as it exfoliates the skin and removes the dead skin layer too.
You need to use the 90-degree angle to use over the skin, but need not pressurize the device against skin. Hold it lightly and let it automatically function on the skin surface with no pain, cuts, and nicks. Noteworthy is you need to apply the epilator in the direction of hair growth. If you move it against the hair grains or growth, the risk of cuts is more on skin.
Customer Satisfaction
When it comes to customer satisfaction, the Braun Series 5 5280 epilator is a trustable shaving appliance. The user reviewing comes with excellent choice, that is worth value for money. The advanced specifications and performance make it versatile. The razor is handy as compact in size and perfect in weight that gives convenient grip and usability.
Frequently Asked Questions(FQA)
1. Can I use this epilator on the face as well, like useful in legs, hands, bikini line?
Answer: It is not made for face use, so avoid its application on the face to get skin sensitivity or any cuts. You can buy specially designed shavers or trimmer that are useful for the face to remove facial hairs.
2. Is this is useful on wet skin?
Answer: Indeed, it is the useful electric razor for women that offers both wet and dry shaving modes. You can pick your kind of shaving settings according to the skin types and needs.
3. What the Braun Series 5 5280 epilators is made up of?
Answer: This is a quality yet multi-functional epilator by Braun under series 5. It is made up of quality plastic, anti-rust stainless steel blades, and water-resistant quality. The quality of material used in manufacturing the device makes it a reliable and durable epilator.
4. Can this epilator is useful with a cord as well?
Answer: Yes, off course, you can use this epilator cordless and with cord for efficient working. If it runs out of battery and still, you need to use it just plugin in the electric board as use.
5. It is possible to use this epilating device to remove hairs from the scalp?
Answer: Not at all, this is not razor that is design for shaving of the head. It is only meant for legs, hands, bikini line, and underarms.
Conclusion
I hope the mentioned features about the Braun Series 5 5280 epilator will genuinely help you to buy it. The defined advantages, pros, and cons will also significantly resolve your confusion about this specific shaving appliance. If you are planning to get a reliable quality shaving gear or epilator, especially as being a woman, this is a trustable choice.Your Page is about to be your website.
The only thing left is a personal domain.
Your Page is hosted at page.is/username
We host your Page at any domain of your liking
You connect a domain
you already own
Let people see your website when they search for you on Google. Show you're a real expert.
Not a fan of coding? That's great. We host, accompany & administrate your website, so you don't have to.
If you have unanswered questions, visit our FAQ page.We help the world growing since 1983
Need more additional information or queries? We are here to help. Please fill in the form below to get in touch..india also has abundant minerals, such as iron ore, coal, bauxite, copper, limestone etc. sbm provides complete range of crushing machine for mining plant and mobile stone crusher in india.
tracked jaw crusher. tracked jaw crusher is mainly used in metallurgy, chemical industry, building materials, water and electricity and other industries.tracked jaw crusher is with high performance, high reliability, and good appearance, reaching the international level.trona ore crusher sale price mineral stone crusher for sale. trona ore crusher sale price. trona ore crushing process includes vibrating feeder, such as gold, copper, lead, zinc, iron ore and so on, crushers rental mpany In moroc. iron ore portable crusher provider In india. galena ore crusher processing plant cost. quari stone crusher machines philippines producers. rotary kiln cjjb coal. raymond mill maintenance training. feldspar used mobile crusher for sale more detailedmobile crusher suppliers in china,for We are a well-known mining machinery company.production of mobile crusher are sold around the world, like india, south africa and other regions.. click & chat now
south africa iron ore mobile crusher for sale. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals.62,057 ore crusher products are offered for sale by suppliers on alibaba.com, of which crusher accounts for 74%, plastic crushing machines accounts for 1%. wide variety of ore crusher options are available to you, such as automatic, competitive price, and high productivity.
6,523 mini ore crusher products are offered for sale by suppliers on alibaba.com, of which crusher accounts for 70%, plastic crushing machines accounts for 1%. wide variety of mini ore crusher options are available to you, such as years, year.sbm provides a complete range of tracked mobilejaw crusher, impact crusher and cone crusher plants, all specially designed to meet the challenges facing today crushing contractors.the crushing equipment is a guaranteed, state-of-the-art solution to crushingknow-how and quality. they are mainly used to crush coarse minerals like gold and copper ore, metals like steel and iron, glass, coal, asphalt, gravel, concrete, etc. tracked cone crusher. feeding size: processing capacity: best cone mobile crusher sale in singapore;.alibaba.com offers 1,835 iron ore crushing screening plant products. wide variety of iron ore crushing screening plant options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and applicable industries.
mining cart for sale yakaz for sale. vintage ore car mining cart and track 790 ne tucson 85737, az, united states month ago on for sale $790.ore car and feet of track with more detailediron ore crushing plant production cost in malaysia.
nov 15, 2013 usually, iron ore processing 26. plants include iron ore crusher, grinding mill, beneficiation plants and other assistant equipments. high productivity and low maintenance are some of the traits that all of xsms processing solutions have in common and that make the daily iron ore process a routine yo
tantalite ore crusher for sale in nigeria. beneficiation machine supplier, portable crushing and sbm has produced the high quality equipment to meet different customers such as jaw crusher, cone crus
parker mobile crusher manual basing on our years crusher production experience and the basalt, limestone, quartz, cobble, iron ore, copper archive 2013 may search from of listings for new & used impact crushers .hartl hcs iron ore crushing iron ore can be made full use through cone crusher, after which the iron ore can be crushed plant excel XL 400 crusher american made with rear discharge under images Of copper ore newly made new & used mining equipmenttrack mobile impact crusher LS stone crusher,ore crushers. impact crusher is a new high efficiency of crushing equipment which is characterized by small size tracked cone crusher for sale australia gold ore crusher
large scale tracked stone crusher, mobile ore crushing plant sale large scale tracked stone crusher will work without the limitation of the mining site. It used om track for sale; frame motor cone crusher sources of iron ore in nigeria mining invest; used portable rock crusher equipment invest; used mvp 380 cederapids cone crusher for sale
jun 03, 2015 small tracked crushers for sale. small rock crushers for sale alberta small rock ore crushers for sale small portable ore crushers for gold ore used iron ore crushers for sale.do you convert 170 cubic meters of crushed stone into dustsuch as dolomite sand by stone crusher machines sand washing machine in stone crushing
Master first-hand information, focus on sand and aggregate information. Focus on industry trends, focus on information value, and tap business opportunities in the era.Transatlantic Cable podcast, episode 173
Jeff and Dave discuss new gaming scams, shady doorbells, recent leaks and ransomware incidents, and more.
7 articles
Jeff and Dave discuss new gaming scams, shady doorbells, recent leaks and ransomware incidents, and more.
Many services allow you to share your subscription with family. Here’s how popular sites handle sharing.
Facebook suing developers from Ukraine, Apex Legends’ battle against cheaters, Facebook’s double-edged sword on privacy, and more.
That free Spotify gave some users malware.
Spotify users’ account data once again found its way onto Pastebin. Change your password.
It looks like Spotify accounts have been published on the Dark Web. It’s a good time to check up on your passwords.
A new piece of ransomware targeting Apple users emerges along with a hybrid malware combining Zeus and Carberp. There’s also an issue with the Spotify Android app.Property Details
66 Frye Crescent, WanakaLeased
Description
Smart and stylish living in popular Albertown
House - Wanaka
Looking for smart, sophisticated living in popular Albertown?
Sunny, modern and semi furnished with style, this 3 bedroom/3 bathroom home is the perfect stop over while you build or plan your next step.
Master upstairs, King with ensuite, Queen downstairs with ensuite, Third bedroom/office is king single with trundler and is off living area, bathroom opposite.
Double glazed and Log burner.
Located beside reserve, with lovely large deck, Mountain views, and walking distance to the popular cafes, restaurants and riverside pool complex,
NO kitchenware.
Large furnishings supplied include: dining table/chairs, sofa, beds, fridge wash machine, plus more.
Strictly no pets
Available Tues Sep 3rd 2019 through to late May 2020
Rent: $600 Bond: $2400 Total Moving in cost: $3000
Property Features
- House
- 3 bed
- 3 bath
- Floor Area is -1 m²Are smartphones making us stupid? That was a question posed in the Sept. 7 issue of the New York Times’ Upfront Magazine. Some students from The Rambler staff weighed in with their opinion.
Smartphones are exactly what they call themselves: phones that make you smarter. Before smartphones, when you were asked a question in public that you didn’t know, could you look it up and know the answer in less than 20 seconds? Smartphones offer the Internet and other high quality apps that if used correctly have the potential to be great educational tools. The ability to search the web for things you see in public and are curious about is priceless. The argument on the opposition would state we don’t use them productively, but who is to blame for that? The phone? No, the potential lies in the hands of the user. —Daniel Brugger, senior
Smartphones are not making us dumber. The fact is, a device that contains practically all the facts of the world cannot rob us of our knowledge. Things like social media may distract us from obtaining new information, but they don’t suck information out of our heads. They simply distract us from what may be of more value.
That being said, some people have found ways to use their smartphones to make them *gasp* smarter. They download books to read, research information on the Internet, and use learning apps to enhance their mind. The Internet contains all the information that mankind has ever discovered. It’s literally impossible to browse aimlessly and not discover something you did not know. With all the knowledge in the world at your fingertips, you’re bound to learn something. —Brian Buseck, junior
I believe that smart phones are making us stupid. They are distracting us from knowing information. They keep us from having conversations with people in real life. They weaken our conversation skills, if any. They prevent us from having to deal with tough situations. Causing us to just text or email our problem to the person we are trying to reach. The cell phone wraps people up in themselves and makes everything about you, which is a good and bad thing. It’s a good thing because it allows us to keep memories of our fun times. It’s a bad thing because it gets us to be selfish and think all about ourselves. They make us stupid because they keep us from knowing information and allowing us to look up anything on our phone. —Nick Frisina, junior
I agree with the author, Andrew Keen, who believed that, yes, smartphones are making us stupid. The smartphone is an incredible tool and according to the Upfont article 64 percent of Americans have one, but this tool is not being properly optimized by the large quantities of people who own and operate said device. The big problem is that the smartphone allows one to become narcissistic and self-absorbed. Instead of connecting us with others it serves as another way to separate us. As an example, the two largest operating systems for smartphones are Android and iOS. People will actively despise and argue against one or the other separating and devaluing the other because it is different. The smartphone serves as a device to separate people instead of bringing them together, and for this reason I believe they are making us dumber. Plus, more people lack common sense and use the phone for blatantly stupid purposes, but that’s a rant for another day. —Joey Hickin, senior
I do not think smartphones are directly making us less intelligent. In reality, if people are becoming less intelligent and are on the phones constantly, they are making themselves this way. Smartphones can be used in sophisticated ways, such as solving math problems, reading intellectual articles, or writing something. Even the “yes” side of the argument admits this. However, people do not typically use them for these reasons more than for texting and social networking. It isn’t our smartphone’s fault that we are not always using it to enhance our knowledge. Also, some might argue that smartphones take away some of our ability to think of something ourselves. However, if we can find out a fact or idea in the quickest way possible, we can expand on it and use it to make more sound arguments or theories. Overall, if anything is making us stupid, it’s our own actions and how we use our smartphones.
—Brendan Jubulis, senior
I think the phone has progressed our society’s knowledge past anything we can comprehend. We may know fewer pointless facts, but in an instant we can find our those facts if the time comes. Schooling is able to be based more on a conceptual basis rather than rote memorization since this change. This is able to advance our minds to a more problem-solving basis rather than more factual. Even in looking up facts when needed we are able to learn them but on another platform than school. Ultimately this expands our minds on multiple levels.
—Josh Kurczewski, senior
Smartphones are becoming more and more popular with younger age groups. They are becoming increasingly more useful with every update, with new apps and ways of communicating information. The smartphones obviously have their downfalls, but are extremely useful devises that don’t make their users more stupid. That doesn’t mean, however, it doesn’t have the potential to have that effect. Games are one of the first thing most people think of when they imagine smartphones. Yes, there are games that obviously do not benefit you in any way expect to keep you preoccupied. However, there are also games that you can use to help with your memory and overall brain function, such as Luminosity. Beyond the games, the phones offer so much more with GPS capabilities, Google, and ability to communicate with others. Smartphones, all in all, are a very good resource that if used properly can be amazing tools. —Joe Sala, senior
Are smartphones making us stupid? In my opinion, they are not. A lot of the time it’s the people who do not know how to use the smartphones to benefit their lives. Technology is only getting better, and we can’t blame our laziness on it forever. It’s time we stop doing that now. As a society we need to learn to use these devices effectively rather than to our decadence. Only then will they serve their true purpose. —JP Martin, junior
1 thought on “Are smartphones making us stupid?”
YES.People, mostly younger, speak like they are in the comments section of YouTube now. Its pathetic. Older people for the most part have NO PROBLEM putting the phone down. Im 39, in between Gen X and Millenial. Young enough to engage, but old enough to not be affected, or addicted to it.Health Benefits of Red Wine
Cheryl and I attended a Leadership Workshop ( Klemmer and Associates) in San Francisco a couple of weeks ago. And, as we often like to do.... add something and fun and new into the mix. We attended a day long wine tour of the Napa Valley. We had the most delightful guide – Joe – who took us to 4 wineries. One of our favourites was the Madonna Estate. It has been run by the Bartolucci Family since 1992. In addition to practicing natural farming methods, they also combine traditional and modern winemaking techniques. As the third oldest winemaking family in the Napa Valley, it is important to them that they continue the commitment to farm naturally and preserve the winemaking traditions of past generations.
Health Benefits of Red Wine Have you ever wondered why people living in certain regions of France have a relatively low occurrence of heart attacks, despite their high-fat diet? Their heart health may be linked to red wine that many French people drink with meals. Experts have identified a potential link between red wine and and lowering your risk of heart disease and cancer. Antioxidants: Its antioxidant content may be one of the biggest health benefits of red wine. Antioxidants are molecule compounds that repair cell damage caused by harmful oxygen byproducts in the body.
Some research has found that antioxidants can help reduce the risk of certain kinds of cancer, heart disease, macular degeneration and diabetes — and red wine is full of them. The skins and seeds of red grapes carry a particularly powerful antioxidant called resveratrol. When red wine is made, the skins and seeds are fermented in the grapes' juices, causing red wine to have high levels of resveratrol. Cancer prevention: Resveratrol has also been shown to minimize the risks of some types of cancer. It helps prevent DNA mutations that could lead to cancer, and it prohibits new blood cells from encouraging cancer growth.
Bottom Line: Enjoy a glass of red wine. It's good for you!
Add new comment...
Posted On 23 Nov 2021
Recent CommentsBear with Open Arms - Birthday Card
Regular price £2.49
£0.00
- Me to You Tatty Teddy Greetings Card by Carte Blanche Greetings Ltd
- Bear with Wide Open Arms - Bear is a cut-out and tab raised, real red ribbon along length is added by hand (not illustrated)
- You are a truly Wonderful friend
- Inside: .. just wanted you to know!
- Approx Size: 122 x 170 mmVideo: GOOAALL: MUN 2:1 LEE Mason Greenwood Perfectly Finishes Off Pogba Assist August 14, 2021 admin Football News, Leagues, Premier League 1 Mason Greenwood with a fine finish restores Man United lead. Leeds United failed to hold the game after equalizing as Mason Greenwood’s teams up with Pogba to provide another sensational goal. See video below. Related Latest Leeds United News and Transfer UpdatesLatest Manchester United News and Transfer UpdatesMason Greenwood News and Transfer UpdatesCharich ghosts like ladies never speak till spoke to richard harris barham. Through this article but we sure can provide you the best halloween party slogans.
Excitement suspense anticipation surprise and amusement.
Funny halloween food quotes. People decorate their houses and buy some tasty candy and costumes. Here 50 halloween quotes that will help you get the most likes this fright night. Here are the 100 best halloween quotes including funny halloween sayings and phrases to get into the spooky spirit.
It is celebrated on the 31st of october in the whole world..
Halloween is one of the most exciting and fun days of the year full of costumes candy decorations parties and trick or treating. Funny halloween quotes group 2 i like to get my candy early for halloween so i have plenty of time to buy more when i eat the first bag. The annual event dates back to ancient celts who celebrated halloween as samhain or all hallowtide a ritual feast of the dead marking the end of summer.
Happy halloween quotes greetings wishes sayings and thoughts with images. Funny halloween quotes sayings on halloween the parents sent their kids out looking like me rodney dangerfield my neighborhood turned into a ghost town on halloween k. Unfortunately we cannot bring drinks and food etc.
Everyone knows that october 31st aka halloween is the spookiest night of the year. Julia stiles if you re in alabama don t dress up as a nun priest or rabbi for halloween. 50 inspirational happy halloween quotes and sayings images 2020 cute and funny october 25 2020 by sadhna leave a comment feeling enthusiastic to know about the interesting facts and quotes behind the halloween festival.
It is a holiday bursting with emotion. Molly sleepingsuspect if i m lazy and i can t come up with a costume i would just wear a slip and write freudian on it. So if you are throwing one or going to one you must know loads of drinks the best food rocking music crazy games and catchy halloween slogans will make it the best party of the year.
Halloween is a holiday whose traditions vary by culture and geography but ireland is the country where it s believed to have originated. This all hallows eve impress your followers with a snap of your awesome costume teamed with the perfect caption. Halloween can be funny spooky cheerful and nostalgic all at once so we ve rounded up our favorite quotes for all the different spirits that halloween stirs.
The holiday really is just an excuse to gorge yourself on candy and play dress up. These halloween quotes are spook tacular.
Whiteboard Drawings Imgur White Board Drawings Dry Erase Board Drawings Whiteboard Art
Happy Holidays Pun Punny Puns Cute Puns Funny Puns
32 Hilarious Walking Dead Memes From Season 5 Funny Or Die In 2020 Fun Halloween Decor Halloween Decorations Halloween Yard Decorations
Omg I M Flying Msawareness Msmam Mshumor Ms Memes And More Multiple Sclerosis Information Funny Quotes Life Quotes Inspirational Quotes
Fruit Veggies Small Animals Puns It S Ok To Laugh At Us Puns Dad Jokes Small Pets
Pin By Delia Strom On Work In 2020 Cake Halloween Cakes Pumpkin Cake
The Best September 30th Vs October 1st Memes Lola Lambchops In 2020 Halloween Memes Happy Halloween Funny Halloween Fun
Pin By Lorrie Slone On Paper Horror Movies Funny Horror Horror Movies Memes
Super Cute Halloween Phone Backgrounds
Diy Paper Pumpkin Decorating Ideas By Fiskars Paper Pumpkin Decorations Pumpkin Decorating Pumpkin Halloween Decorations
This Head In A Jar Prank Is Pretty Scary In 2020 Easy Halloween Decorations Halloween Party Decor Diy Head In A Jar
Halloween Bark Halloween Bark Recipes
All The Halloween Recipes You Need From Cute To Creepy In 2020 Halloween Food Treats Halloween Food Cupcakes Halloween Food For Party
Pin On Halloween Home DecorIndia’s first and one of the best Private Accelerators, The Morpheus was recently in news with ET reporting of it’s shutdown. When we visit the website, the team has written an elaborate blog post explaining that The Morpheus was not going anywhere, but rather coming back in it’s new RADICAL AVATAAR! “We have decided to take the “Red Pill” and make an attempt to evolve ourselves for the future“, says the blog post, which sums up the entire ideology of the new Avataar. ET did correct themselves with the recent article today.
Below are some stats gathered from the blog post. The Accelerator ran 10 batches so far with 82 startups in it’s portfoe lio. 6 Startups have been profitable, 28 funded and 26 shut down.
We reach out to Nandini Hirianniah, to discuss what entrepreneurs can expect from Morpheus in it’s new Avataar and how they plan to measure happiness of the founders they associate with. Read on!
According to the blog, the plans are to take startups in 2-5 years / 5-10 years & across other categories into The Morpheus. So, what can entrepreneurs expect from Morpheus in it’s new avatar?
A more open Morpheus. Morpheus till now provided value on 3 fronts:
- Support from The Morpheus (TM) core team
- Money
- Value from morpheusgang
Now, since we are going to be working with founders of really early stage startups and those in the growth path, we think the following will be how it will work. Though, its really early for us to be definitive about what exactly will pan out, as we have not tested this yet and anything in execution is bound to change in an iterative manner.
- Every founder, at any stage can start interacting with The Morpheus Team at any point in time they think we can add value.
- Post mutual interactions, TM and founders can decide to take the engagement forward, where they become a part of the morpheusgang.
- Now, what does becoming a part of morpheusgang mean:
- Founders believe in conscious contribution
- Where they give first, help others, etc. before they recieve
- They get back from the community too
- They add to the collective consciousness of the community to raise the bar in the gang to evolve
- This is open for founders of companies at any stage. There is no money involved. Nor is there an expectation of equity exchange.
- However, if the founders, at any point in time think they are deriving value, can consciously offer to contribute equity for the support they are getting from TM team and morpheusgang, which will go into a TRUST or FOUNDATION at a later stage. (More details about this have not been thought through)
- Along the way, the startups which may need monetary support from TM will get it. But these startups need not mandatorily take money from TM, thought we will help them make the required connections as required.
- We think, this will be beneficial to all founders working towards building meaningful, conscious businesses in India.
What kind of challenges did you observe in the 2-5 years frame companies, that currently the eco-system has not enough support for?
It will be wrong to say that there are challenges which no one is addressing, all challenges are being addressed at some levels. Here are some which we think need more attention to, in no particular order:
Focus on happiness: Just by themselves scale and valuation are the wrong metrics of success of startups. Personal happiness of founders and teams should be first metric and everything else will follow. This should become an area of attention and focus. We have written about this in our post.
Growth of founders: When companies grow fast in first 1-2 years its very challenging for founders to grow at the same pace in terms of maturity & leadership skills. Which leads to situations where they become overwhelmed with amount of responsibility & expectations that come towards them.
Helping founders in their personal growth so that they can effectively handle bigger scale / bigger teams & new challenges. This is one of the biggest focuses for morpheus right now and going forward. We plan to share our learning’s on this front with everyone in the eco-system
Hiring for startups: Although startups are finding creative solutions for this issue, but there needs to be a well thought through and concentrated effort on this front. An online + offline platform where really passionate / creative / willing candidates can find a startup which matches their temperament. This also will be a big focus at morpheus, we are trying to get full time person in our team to lead this effort
Leveraging technology to unlock portfolio / community value: With 160+ founders and 80+ companies we at morpheus were finding it very hard to work effectively. How does a new founder in portfolio get connected to relevant folks in morpheus gang? He has to depend on morpheus team to figure it out and then provide an intro. How does an old founder get to a new founder? Same dependency? Between the 160 founders there are probably 5000+ useful contacts – but there is no way to effectively share these contacts.
There is a need for a tech platform to solve all these problems which are common across all portfolios / all communities. We have been building this platform for last 6-8 months, abhishek garg from morpheus is a leading this initiative and Startup Techies (tech firm run by our partner Sarvjit) is building the product. We believe using technology to help a community stay connected and benefit from each other can be a very powerful tool for any startup eco system to move forward. Once the product is mature we will offer it free to others in the ecosystem.
For the members of The Morpheus Gang, will everything remain the same as it is now?
- The Current morpheusgang folks, who we owe a lot to, is one big family.
- They are givers, they mean well for each other and the support amongst them is supremely high.
- With the “open” approach, they will receive more from the new founders who will come in, having understood the DNA of the gang.
- The interactions will generate more value to all
- There will be higher level of support, networking, partnerships, etc. that the existing gangmember as well as the new ones will stand to recieve
Your Suggestions to entrepreneurs on things to keep in mind before they get into Accelerators?
- What does the accelerator offer? Does that match your requirement.
- What is the DNA of the people who run the accelerator? Are you comfortable working with them?
- What do you want to achieve while in their program? Are there any set outcomes? Doest that match with what the accelerator has to offer?
- Talk about expectations in the open before you signup
- Figure out if they can offer what they say they do, maybe a trial?
- Opt for it only if you are truly convinced for the right reasons – it should not be that you’ll get money or follow-on funding or they will launch you on an international platform. These are your expectations and if they dont match-up its disaster.
- Approach it with your instincts and an open mind, only if you think you need the support of an accelerator. There is a chance you can survive without singing up for a program, with all other support available quite obviously today.
In the blog post, you have mentioned that the criterion of success of a startup is “Happiness” . How can you measure it for the wide range of portfolio you currently have?
On a lighter vein “we measure happiness by the length of the smile on the founders face”. But on a serious note:
- Why do we need a formula to measure success?
- At TM we work with founders very closely. We know them as people, individuals, good souls as much as they know us. So constant interactions with them give us the indications of where they are going, how they are doing.
- If a founder is not truly happy within, it affects his hiring decisions, how he looks at his product, his interactions with his teammates, the decisions he takes. All these are indications and more.
We@TTP wish The Morpheus Team all the very best!Address: Monseñor Sotero Sanz 115, Providencia, Santiago, Chile
Located on a quiet tree-lined street, steps from the subway and major highways giving access to the various attractions in the capital. Its privileged location invites you to wander around to enjoy its great shopping, historical attractions, heritage, cuisine and nightlife.
The rooms feature flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with free toiletries. Some have a seating area or city views.
Santiago Solace in an outdoor seasonal pool and a fitness center. The hotel has a terrace, overlooking the city and restaurant. The reception is open 24 hours and the parking Free private.
The Costanera shopping center is a 20-minute walk. Merino Benitez Airport is 25 minutes by car. It provides shuttle service for an additional.
Providence is a great choice for travelers interested in wine tasting, getting around on public transport and restaurants.AirTrunk is the technology company, powering the companies that are transforming the world as we know it.
Our customers are changing the way that people interact, transact and learn. They’re shaping the way we live from the cloud.
AirTrunk is where the cloud meets the ground in Asia Pacific. Combining award-winning design and Asia-Pacific insight, we’ve reimagined the data centres of yesterday to meet the needs of today’s most transformational companies to enable a data-driven future.
We’re designing, building and operating the region’s largest neutral hyperscale data centres that are more secure, available, efficient and scalable.
Having opened Australia’s first and largest hyperscale data centres, and with Singapore’s largest neutral data centre under development, we have our eyes set on rapid expansion across Asia Pacific.
On-Demand More
Conference Session Panel: What are the hurdles to building at scale & speed in Southeast Asia?
Conference Session Panel: COVID-19 - what’s the impact on data center operations?Flat Ribbon Cable/FRC-30.4 cm (12″)-40Pin
Flat Ribbon Cable/FRC-12″-40Pin is also known as multi-wire planar cable because they are the type of cables formed by joining insulated wires in a flat plane forming the Ribbon shape. In other words, Ribbon cable has many conducting wires running parallel to each other on the same flat plane. These wires are commonly used for internal peripherals in computers, such as hard drives, CD drives, wired robots, etc. The ribbon cable was invented in 1956 by Cicoil Corporation, California. This ribbon cable then allowed major companies to replace bulky, stiff round cables with sleek, flexible ribbon cables. This cable consists of 4,6,8,9,10,14,16,18,20,24, etc. up to 80 conducting wires stuck together in parallel. FRC is an ideal way to connect two devices digitally. The resultant impedance for any two adjacent wires within the cable is 120 Ohms. FRC also fold and bend readily, conforming to the mounting area, and they fasten easily with clamps, adhesive, or double-faced tape. Since the conductors are visible and in a fixed position within the dielectric coding, inspection and circuit tracing are simplified.
Features/Specs:
- Connectors Type: 40 Pin Male to 40 Pin Female
- Pin Count: 40
- Wire Count: 40
- Length: 12 “
- Width: 50mm
- Height: 16m
- Approx Weight: 30gm
Applications:
- Compatible with IDE hard drives
- Laptop
- Monitor
- DVD Player
Package Includes:
- 1 X Flat Ribbon Cable/FRC-12″-40Pin
Note: Product Images are shown for illustrative purposes only and may differ from the actual product.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Details
- Type:
Bug
- Status: Ready for Work
- Priority:
Should
- Resolution: Unresolved
- Affects Version/s: Core 2.1.0
- Fix Version/s: None
- Component/s: None
- Labels:
Description
Original Bug Report
I am running openmrs Version: 2.1.2 and i am attempting to create a new cohort of patients with a certain encounter type - which is successful but returns 0 results yet the database has the information.
Dev Notes:
The cohort builder's CachingPatientFilter fetches a cohort of patients that match the selected criteria. And then calls Cohort.intersect() with another cohort containing all patients. This lead to allPatientsCohort.getMemberships().retainAll(selectedPatientsCohort.getMemberships()) which eventually calls CohortMembership.compareTo()
Proposed Solution
Change the new CohortMembership design to allow null start dates, and use this as the default. See:
Acceptance Criteria:
- drop the not-null constraint on CohortMembership.startDate
- remove any Java logic that defaults CohortMembership.startDate to new Date(), and instead default it to null.
- Cohort.intersect should behave in a way that makes sense if you give it {Patient 123, startDate Jan 1} and {Patient 123, startDate Feb 15}.
I would be satisfied if the output is either a cohort with {Patient 123, startDate Feb 15}, or else a cohort with {Patient 123, startDate null}
but the dev who works on this can propose anything else that makes sense.
Gliffy Diagrams
Attachments
Issue Links
- is caused by
TRUNK-4906 Expanded cohort details
- Closed
- is related to
TRUNK-5375 New Core 2.1 Cohort module significantly slows down Cohort manipulation
- Closed
- relates to
TRUNK-5379 Cohort Membership: Resolve design inconsistents
- Closed
TRUNK-5211 Cohort membership should allow null start date, and should default to this
- Closed
TRUNK-5380 Cohort Membership: Performance Issues
- Closed
- resolves
-
- links to
-
-Will Smith made Bad Boys sequel for fans
Will Smith made 'Bad Boys for Life' for the fans who always asked for another movie.
The 51-year-old actor reprises his role as Detective Mike Lowrey in the third film in the buddy cop series and follow-up to 'Bad Boys II', which came out in 2003.
Will knew he had to reunite with his co-star Martin Lawrence - who plays Mike's partner Detective Marcus Burnett - at some point because a third movie was the project his fans requested the most because there is so much love for his character and the original 1995 movie.
Speaking at the 'Bad Boys for Life' premiere in Miami, Will said: "Of the movies I've done where people walk up on the street and say, 'Hey, man, when are you going to do another one?' 'Bad Boys' is the one. Nobody is asking for 'Pursuit of Happiness 2'."
The film's co-director Adil El Arbi thinks the 17-year wait for the action flick is what makes the sequel such a great story.."
The film sees the detective duo of Mike and Marcus Burnett (Martin) at odds with each other over giving up their dangerous lifestyles. Marcus wants to retire, whilst Mike still wants to live up to his fearless reputation but the pair are forced into one last mission when Mike is ordered to be assassinated.
Adil, 31, and his filmmaking partner Bilall Fallah have taken over from Michael Bay to helm the project but they have promised that the film contains the same action and humour as the previous movies.
Adil said: "The movies were a product of their times and we wanted this movie to be a homage to the 90s, so this nostalgia that you don't necessarily have in those other two movies, that's something new that you see in this one."Our Indira Gandhi Rajkeeya Mahila Mahavidyalaya
Indira Gandhi Rajkeeya Mahila Mahavidyalaya, Pragatipuram, Raebareli, Lucknow Road, Uttar Pradesh, India . The Government Grils Degree College campus provides an aesthetic and sophisticated surrounding congenial for healthy teaching and learning. It is in both English and Hindi medium with an optimum student teacher ratio. Fascinating environment, smartly attired students and committed and dedicated teachers and staff and above all a dynamic and compassionate Principal are the indispensable components of the Institution.
Notice Board
Principal's Message
It gives me earsplitting pleasure to pleasure you to the website of Indira Gandhi Rajkeeya Mahila Mahavidyalaya-Raebareli.
Indira Gandhi Rajkeeya Mahila Mahavidyalaya was conceived years ago once a desire to make a beacon for juvenile years the kings and queens, who are Morally upright, Socially Responsible, and active human beings. We declare you will that in this global scenario, learning has to go greater than the confines of a classroom having a wider spectrum and building a world even if values and principles flourish. We meet the expense of that each child is a unique commencement of God and at Indira Gandhi Rajkeeya Mahila Mahavidyalaya we find the maintenance for a platform to the children to unravel their own strength and related.Galvus Canada Need Prescription, Generic Vildagliptin Uk Forum, Brand Name Vildagliptin From Canada
Galvus 50mg - Great Discounts
Generic Meds - Buy Galvus Online from $20
galvus purchase now canada
order now generic galvus visa
buy brand name galvus online
buy cheap galvus visa uk
Besides this thorough examination of the drugs ingredients and performance, the FDA also conducts periodic inspections of the manufacturing plants to ensure there are no changes in the approved drugs quality.
vildagliptin price greece
can you buy galvus at dollar general
galvus billing
In some cases, due to credit card company policies, credit card payment may not be available for certain products and other payment options may be presented.
galvus 50mg generico
Your medication is tax and duty free.
Rest assured that our online order system makes use of the latest Security encryption technology to ensure that your credit card information is submitted safely and with the highest level of protection.
price galvus review
galvus in the us
Our philosophy is simple: to provide people with best quality medications at discounts!
FAST APPROVALS & SHIPPING - ORDER NOW!
buy galvus online quick delivery
oldest vildagliptin
buy online galvus 50mg 500mg
online vildagliptin coupons
galvus stock
To make an order please choose the product you need by clicking Buy now button.
galvus online einkaufen
is galvus medicine blood sugar
buy galvus from mexico
We have everything what you need to forget about all health problems you might have!
cheap alternatives to galvus
vildagliptin canada does it work
discount vildagliptin kada
generic galvus usa to usa
galvus site
cost vildagliptin forum
buy galvus pharmacy london
price galvus fass
generic galvus otc price
cost of a galvus dose pack
cost for galvus for diabetes 100mg
galvus 50mg europe
pharmacy galvus 50mg tablet
Please note that orders are shipped on business days only (Monday to Friday, with the exception of public holidays).
buy galvus melbourne
vildagliptin outlet
galvuss in the philippines
nc pharmacy galvus 50mg
galvus discount
buy vildagliptin with credit card
What we do at our online pharmacy is selling top quality medications at their cost price
cost of galvus at rite aid pharmacy
average cost of galvus dosepak
buying prometrium europe, order sinequan vidal, buy decadron locallyOver the next few weeks, SBLive Arkansas will break down every 6A boys and girls basketball team in the state entering the 2020-21 season. Here’s our look at the Har-Ber Wildcats boys.
Photo courtesy of Har-Ber Media
HAR-BER TEAM PAGE | 2020-21 SCHEDULE
HEAD COACH
Tommy Deffebaugh, second season (21-5)
2019-20 AT A GLANCE
Overall record: 21-5
Conference record: 12-2 (first place in 6A West)
Playoffs: Lost in quarterfinals
ALL-CONFERENCE PLAYERS DEPARTED
G Lawson Jenkins, first team
G JaJuan Boyd, first team
G Nick Buchanan, first team
G Tavari Eckwood, honorable mention
G Charlie Bockelman, honorable mention
PLAYERS TO WATCH
G Aaron Oliger, sr., 5-10
Oliger was a standout player in preseason practice, scoring 21 points in a scrimmage. Deffebaugh praised Oliger’s skill level and basketball IQ. “He made his teammates look good, shared the ball, knew where to put it and when he has to score, he can really shoot it from deep,” Deffebaugh said. “He’s a good ball-handler and off-the-ball defender.”
G Miles Rolfe, jr., 6-1
Rolfe received some varsity action as a sophomore but had his minutes dry up when the rotation shrunk to seven or eight players by conference play. During the offseason, he got stronger and improved his three-point shot. “He’s also more confident in his ball-handling,” Deffebaugh said. “He will be our best on-ball defender in the backcourt. He’s strong and will be our best attack guy who can get downhill, score around the basket and outside.”
G Cameron Mains, jr., 5-11
Mains did not dress for varsity last season, but he is a knock-down shooter who has improved in all areas. Deffebaugh said Mains is another high-IQ player who is willing to share the basketball. “He will have to get better defensively, but he can really shoot it from deep,” the coach added. “Guys have confidence in him that when he’s open, he can make shots, so hopefully he will do that when bright lights are on.”
F Garrett Nerenberg, sr., 6-3
Nerenberg showed promise as a junior before Mononucleosis cut short his season. He’s back at full health and brimming with confidence. “He has a lively body, gets rebounds, can run and defend multiple positions,” Deffebaugh said. “He’s an around-the-rim guy who can score.”
F Noah Livingston, sr., 6-4
Livingston, who also is a star football player, was Har-Ber’s top post option behind Lawson Jenkins a season ago. He is a smart player with excellent size. “He was our first or second guy off the bench,” Deffebaugh said. “He’s got a nice body and can catch and defend around the rim, and he brings an element of toughness.”
F Elijah Woodard, sr., 6-8
At 6-foot-8 and a rock-solid 240 pounds, Woodard is among the biggest players in the 6A West. He didn’t play much last season but has all of the tools to be an impact guy for the Wildcats. “How much of an impact will he make, who knows? It’s up to him,” Deffebaugh said. “He’s a senior now, he knows what’s in front of him. If he can get a little fire under him and decide he wants to be the man that particular night, he can be a force.”
OUTLOOK
There’s good news and bad news for Har-Ber, which finished atop the conference last season before falling to Central in the state quarterfinals.
On the negative side, last season’s starting five — all of whom received all-conference recognition — has moved on, but that doesn’t mean the cupboard is bare. In fact, Deffebaugh is excited to see what the new-look Wildcats can do.
“We’re totally inexperienced, totally brand new, totally a lot of question marks,” the coach said. “But I tell you what, I like their attitude, their chemistry, their fight, their IQ, and a lot of times you can make up for other deficiencies when your team plays well together, they think the game, they are unselfish, they want to win.”
Livingston is the only player with starting experience, but he didn’t score much on a team with five all-conference selections. Rolfe, Nerenberg and Woodard also received some playing time last season, but varsity minutes were sparse.
“This team’s got a lot of swag to them; they know they’re underdogs,” Deffebaugh said. “They’re going to come into this year, I hope, with a little something to prove.”
The Wildcats do have plenty of size with seven players standing 6-foot-3 or taller. Transfers Mack Wright (Bentonville) and Winston Boston (Fayetteville) are two more pieces for Deffebaugh to tinker with.
“They’ve done well in practice, that’s all I can tell you,” he said. “They give us some backcourt size and they both can shoot it.”
Har-Ber was scoring at will in scrimmages, which can mean one of two things:
“We can really score it and shoot it, or we can’t guard anyone,” Deffebaugh said.
The Wildcats are not going to be as explosive on defense, but Deffebaugh believes Har-Ber can still defend well enough to be a force in the 6A West.
“We think that we can beat anybody that we go up against,” the coach said. “We’ve got the biggest guys in the league. If our guards can function and hold their end up, a lot of good things can happen.”
COACH SAID
“I never prepare for years down the road in games, I only do that in practices. In games I go all-in for that year, so I wasn’t going to monkey with the rotation last year because those seniors I had were all about playing and wanting to win. It was a tough year to be a junior last year, but that’s OK. … It wasn’t about building; I don’t want to put guys out there that aren’t ready to play just to build for the future. That’s what practice is for. You get better in practice; you don’t get better in games.” — Tommy Deffebaugh University of Nottingham, studying the wellbeing of survivors of modern slavery and human trafficking.
Survivor Alliance are developing a global network of survivor leaders, who can effectively inform the anti-slavery movement through sharing their expertise. Survivor input to policy, protocols and research is essential to ending modern slavery. Survivor input opportunities also empower survivors, both personally and economically.
In addition to encouraging these consulting roles, Minh is delighted to tell us that Survivor Alliance have hired one of their original UK members. Minh knows how important a job like this is post-enslavement and is proud to have built an organisation that can launch the economic freedom of others.
Minh explains how her PhD research into survivor wellbeing has found that there is not enough emphasis on helping survivors build a prosperous life in freedom, in spite of the long-term mental health consequences of enslavement. Recognising this gap, she has created a community for survivors through the Survivor Alliance. Members of the network are inspired by their united voices and shared experiences and supported to develop community-based, sustainable solutions to everyday challenges.
As Minh says, she is “creating the world that I want for myself, but, then of course, sharing that and knowing that I am not the only one who wants that world.”
Survivor Alliance
Launched just over two years ago, Survivor Alliance is an international NGO with the mission to unite and empower survivors around the world to be leaders in their communities and advocate on their own behalf. Their vision is a world where survivors of modern slavery and human trafficking are thriving members of society. They focus on building sustainble communities with, by, of, and for survivors of slavery and human trafficking. They are a global community of 230 members. The members are survivors of all types of trafficking and slavery.
Find out more about Survivor Alliance on their website.
Survivor Voices
Survivor Alliance seeks to amplify the voices of those who wish to share their stories to impact change by creating consulting opportunities for their members. These opportunities both economically empower the members and strengthen the anti-slavery movement by ensuring that survivors’ expertise and opinions are considered within anti-slavery policies, service provider protocols, and research efforts.
.”Minh Dang, Global Slavery Index 2018
World Congress
Survivor Alliance is planning their Survivor World Congress, the first collective meeting of survivors. The event will convene and empower survivors from all over the world, building a worldwide community and uplifting emerging survivor advocates. The first half will be survivor-only, creating a safe space for survivors to share their stories and inspire each other. The event will also bring survivors and allies together to bridge divides, educate allies and start a real conversation that listens to the priorities of survivors.
The World Congress has been postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but we look forward to sponsoring this event next year.
Run for Freedom
As Minh mentions, Survivor Alliance are official sponsors of the Robin Hood Half Marathon in Nottingham on 27th September. Their Run for Freedom is another way that Survivor Alliance seeks to enhance the wellbeing of survivors. As their sponsorship page says,
“Survivors cope with heightened levels of traumatic stress, complex relationships with our bodies, and for some people, physical disabilities and injuries. Also, many survivors are used to being trapped in rooms or places without the freedom to move about. Running (and or walking) as a community allows us to remember – we are alive, we have allies, and we can reclaim our health and wellbeing.”
If you are looking for a challenge to set yourself, why not start training and run with and for them? Alternatively, if running doesn’t appeal to you, sponsor those who are!
Minh Dang
Minh is the co-founder and Executive Director of Survivor Alliance. She is also a PhD student at the University of Nottingham’s School of Politics and International Relations, and a member of the University of Nottingham’s Rights Lab, studying the wellbeing of survivors of human trafficking and slavery. Prior to returning to academia, Minh was Team Manager at Linde Group and Co-Principal Investigator for a community-based research study funded by the U.S. National Institute of Justice, evaluating an anti-trafficking task force in San Francisco, CA.
Minh’s public service career includes serving as a Presidential Appointee to the first ever U.S. Advisory Council on Human Trafficking and an Advisory Board member for AnnieCannons, an organization training survivors of human trafficking to become software developers. She is also an independent consultant, trainer, and speaker on issues of human trafficking, child abuse, leadership development, and social justice.
From 2005 to 2011, she worked at the UC Berkeley Public Service Center, coordinate student leadership and service-learning programs, including the Bonner Leaders AmeriCorps Program. She has served on the non-profit Boards of Youth, Engagement, Advocacy, Housing (YEAH!) and The Morris Center for Healing from Child Abuse. In 2013, she was one of fifteen Asian Pacific Islander Women named a Champion of Change by President Barack Obama for her work to empower survivors of slavery and human trafficking.
Although Minh is now in the UK, she was born and bred in California, USA, and a two-time alum of the University of California, Berkeley. She earned a Bachelors in Sociology and Masters in Social Welfare, with an emphasis on Community Mental Health. She is a fan of stationery and farmers’ markets, loves to sing, and Yosemite National Park is her favorite place on the planet.Product Description
Smith Shift MAG Sunglasses
The Smith Shift MAG sunglasses are for the cyclist or runner looking for the ultimate in performance eyewear. Effortlessely change lenses on the fly with Smith's MAG technology, a magnet allows for quick, fingerprint-free lens swap. The Shift MAG includes a bonus clear lens so you're ready to adapt to any change in weather. The Megol temples and nosepads give a snug, no-slip fit and the nosepads feature two-click adjustable positions for really dial it all in. Smith's Chromapop technology excels in visual clarity. With Chromapop lenses, contrast is greatly enhanced along with the finer details and natural color.
Features
- Medium fit, large coverage
- Megol temples and nosepads for non-slip grip
- Two-click position adjustable nosepads
- MAG Technology - quickly changes lenses without leaving fingerprints
- Chromapop lens technology
Includes
- Bonus clear lens
- Performance hard case
- Microfiber bag
Options:
Matte Black w/ Chromapop Black - A gray based lens boosted with ChromaPop color enhancement technology and finished with a light black mirror. Great for use in areas of medium to bright exposure, this lens will enhance color and clarity and let you effortlessly see more detail. 10% VLT
Black Matte Cinder w/ Chromapop Black
Black w/ Photochromic Clear to Gray - Our most versatile lens that uses photochromic technology for varying light conditions. This lens shifts from clear to gray when exposed to sunlight so you can comfortably wear your sunglasses in a variety of lighting environments in most conditions. 20-85% VLTDoubling up
Jeolla on Sunday. He finished 14-under 274 to beat Lee Ji-hoon by two strokes and claimed his first professional victory.
The 21-year-old, who is a sophomore in the tour, also became the second golfer in KPGA Tour history to win the same event
as a pro and an amateur. He previously won in 2013. Provided by KPGA
with the Korea JoongAng Daily
To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.
Standards Board Policy (0/250자)Zodiac animal horoscopes yahoo,seal bmx number plates,free chinese astrology by date of birth wise,aries horoscope dates - Good Point
10.08.2014Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. Clipping is a handy way to collect and organize the most important slides from a presentation. The Thai Zodiac Year closely resembles the Chinese Zodiac Year but in the Thai Zodiac, the Dragon is replaced by a Naga. Note that in our chart below we have given the formal Thai Zodiac name for each of the animal years followed by their more colloquial name. Hi, I am born in the year of the earth rooster and have been married to a water rabbit for 15 years now, together 17 years and have dated other rabbits in the past. Hi, I was born in the year of Ram and my boyfriend is born in the year of Rabbits… Can you tell me if we are compatible?
Hello, I was born in the year of the Tiger and have been with an Ox for about nine years now.
Sometimes minature symbols of the zodiac constellations themselves are used to represent each western astrological sign.
Chinese astrology uses its own set of animal symbols to represent each astrological year in the 12-year cycle.
Kanji symbols are also used to represent Chinese stars much like glyphs are used for Western signs.
If you enjoyed this slideshow, visit the Chinese Horoscopes Gallery to learn more about the individual Chinese zodiac signs. In the Thai Zodiac, different descriptions are given to each of the animals depending on the month and day but are only used in horoscope forecasting.
Many Thai people including Thai Buddhists, will try to visit the designated Temple for their birth year especially in the Thai Zodiac year of their birth.
Understanding and communication has been one of our downfalls but working on those two qualities made us grow.
Categories: Numerology Calculator Name And Date Of BirthYour natural stone walkway and patio will make a lasting impression as guests arrive and make their way into your backyard. The lasting beauty and durability of exotic natural stone will set your home apart from the rest.
Stone Walkways & Steps
You can immediately see the difference when you replace your plain concrete walkway and steps with exotic stone that weathers the storms and stays beautiful all year round.
Stone Patios
Your exotic stone patio might become the life of the party as your guests keep oohing and aahing over this genuine natural surface. Imagine yourself sitting by your pool, grilling your favorites, or entertaining the family as your new stone patio creates a space for enjoyment and relaxation.
Examples of our Natural Stone Walkways, Steps, & Patios
This slideshow requires JavaScript.CESNET, z. s. p. o. (Czech Republic)
Lukáš Kekely received his Ph.D. degree from the Faculty of Information Technology at the Brno University of Technology in 2017 and continues there as a postdoc researcher. Furthermore, he is an FPGA designer at CESNET since 2011 where he currently holds a position of the main coordinator of research project FOKUS. Lukáš’s research is focused mainly on hardware (FPGA) accelerated approaches for high-speed networks, particularly in the area of monitoring and security. His substantial experiences in this area were obtained by working on a number of European and locally funded projects. He is also an author of several novel hardware architectures and many research papers published at renowned international conferences.For our clients
Tree of Life has a long history of successfully growing brands in Canada at all stages of a brand’s lifecycle.
We offer a full service route to the Canadian Food Market that includes:
- Over 30 Customer Development Managers working with retailer head offices to negotiate listings and secure and execute promotional support.
- Over 100 Territory Managers and Associates driving distribution, ensuring planogram compliance and securing secondary displays.
- A head office team of 4 Customer Development Managers
- A field sales agency network of over 60 people calling on end users such as restaurants, universities and coffee shops.
- 3 distribution centres across Canada (Mississauga ON, Calgary AB and Surrey BC).
- Offer warehouse, cross dock and direct to store options.
- Single point of contact
- Opportunity identification
- Brand Champion in the organization
- Tracking and management of all financial aspects including trade spend
- Monthly reporting
- Full Transparency – No Surprises
To become a client click on the button below to get started.The Fishing Sector in the Atlantic Oceanic Islands and its Role in the Economy of the Canarian Archipelago under the Ancien Régime
Abstract
Commercial fishing has played a critical role in the economy of the different islands of the Atlantic Ocean and those in the Canarian Archipelago in particular. In fact, one of the motives behind the European colonization of the Canaries was to exploit the fishing grounds of the Saharan Bank to satisfy part of the nutritional needs of a European population in constant expansion from the late Middle Ages. Fishing in the Canary Islands between the sixteenth and eighteenth centuries was essential as it served both an internal and an external market, and was a key factor in the development of the Canarian economy. During the Ancien Régime, the mobilization of people and resources in the fishing sector produced protein for a growing population. The fishing industry therefore offered a highly profitable protein-rich product at a low price. Although fishermen from a number of European countries, notably France, England and Peninsular Spain, fished the oceanic waters around the Canary Islands, most of this activity was carried out by Canarians.
Join Today To Read The Full Article
Filed under: Atlantic
Subjects include: Whaling & Fishing
Join Today To Read The Full ArticleJoin Now
If you are already a member please login here.Student life, Spending habits
28-year-old Jason: “As the first money app in Norway, Spiir showed me how I actually spend my money"
"With Spiir, I’ve become much more aware of how I spend my money. The app gives me a much easier overview than my mobile bank because it categorizes all of my expenses automatically."
Originally from the US, Jason is a 28-year-old tech enthusiast who’s been living in Jessheim in Norway for the past 5 years. For a long time, he has been looking for a personal finance tool. And now, he finally found it.
Spiir is a money app from Denmark that has already helped more than 320.000 Millennials become more financially aware with help from spending goals, uplifting reminders, and automatic categorization of spendings.
But how can Spiir help you get a better grip of your money habits?
Let’s hear Jason’s experience!
Spiir to the rescue
Back when Jason lived in the US, he used the budget tracker Mint to take care of his finances. But when he moved to Norway it wasn’t easy to find a similar tool:
“Mint automatically categorized my expenses and it visualized my money flow. When I moved to Norway, I tried using some other budget apps where I had to type in spending items manually but I only used them for a week or so. Apparently, I’m too lazy so I need something that does most of the work by itself,” Jason says.
A couple of months ago, Jason saw an advertisement for Spiir. Now, he has taken the app for a spin, and he finally feels like he has found a tool that automatically takes care of his money:
“As far as I know, there isn’t any other app in Norway that can automatically categorises your spendings by connecting to your bank accounts, so I’m really happy that Spiir does that for me. That means I can finally manage my money with ease”.
New spending habit resulted in 100€ savings
When Jason started using Spiir, he was on vacation in Asia. And as most of us know, it’s much harder to keep track of our spendings when we’re away from our daily routines. But for once, that wasn’t a problem anymore:
“Spiir really helped me visualize how I spend my money. I thought I had been spending too much money on restaurants but the app showed me that shopping was much worse, which made me more financially aware for the rest of the trip,” Jason says and continues:
“When I came back home and continued to use Spiir, the app has shown me that I spend much more on restaurants and takeaway than I want to, so now I’ve started cooking at home more often. By changing this spending habit, the past couple of months I’ve already saved over 100€ each month. This has freed up money for what actually makes me happy.”
A serious eye-opener
We’re all familiar with monthly subscriptions and smaller fixed expenses that we forget about after signing up. But monthly spendings add up. And for Jason, Spiir was a serious eye-opener:
“In the past, the small 5€ monthly payments tended to become invisible in my mobile bank. But when these numbers were categorized in Spiir, the total amount was much higher than I expected. After looking into the details, I was able to cancel and change some of the payments to release more money in my budget”.
Spiir enables me to smile while spending
Spiir has helped Jason get the ultimate insight into his spending habits. He recommends the app to everyone that want to worry less about money and instead add more happiness into their financial lives:
“Spiir automatizes everything that a mobile banking app normally does manually. Visualizing my spending habits has helped me understand my finances much better so that I can relax and prioritize my money on stuff that actually makes me happy” Jason ends.
And what can we learn from that?
Well, in a perfect world all your money should be spent on what makes you happy, and hopefully, Spiir can assist in making that a reality!“I love you,” I whispered into the ear of the ocean.
”Ever since I’ve known you, I’ve loved you. I must see all your marvels, know all your beauty…” And the ocean listened and snuggled closer to me.Hans Hass, diving to adventure
Todd and Tiffany Winn are based on Maui. Both are expedition rebreather divers and instructors.
Get In Touch
- Info@silentosolutions.com
- (808)385-5558
More Ways to Get In Touch
Our Other Gig
780 Front St. #6
Lahaina, HI 96761
USA
Open 9am-10pm daily++0300
Book and Go
St Isaac's Cathedral, St Petersburg
St Petersburg Pictures Gallery
© Creative Commons / Jsolomon
Do you have any Feedback about this page?
© 2021 Columbus Travel Media Ltd. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission, click here for information on Columbus Content Solutions.Buyers
We would love to help you find the perfect home for you. Just let us know your requirements, anything that’s important to you. We’ll then send the properties that are right for you. All at no cost to the buyer.
When you see something you like, we’ll show it to you. Once you have decided on some homes that you are interested in, you can depend on us to give you a professional opinion regarding price, location, and condition of the properties that you are considering. When it comes time to make an offer we will make sure you are pre-approved for a loan, explain all forms and contracts, negotiate on your behalf, and much more.
- Analyzing your neighborhood and home needs
- Assisting in mortgage pre-approval
- Providing local information and input
- Home buying tours
- Discussing the pros and cons of individual homes with you
- Presenting, negotiating and evaluating offers and counteroffers
- Communicating with your loan officer, listing agent, lawyer and other appropriate personnel upon contract acceptance
- Attending inspections
- Negotiating repairs and/or negotiating a lower price to if appraisal is lower than contract price
- Coordinating the closing process
- Reviewing closing documents
- Letting you know what to bring to closing
- Attending closing
- Verifying recordation and notifying you
- Facilitating transfer of keys, gate and garage openers, etc.
5 Costly Mistakes First-Time Buyers Make
1
Ignoring the costs of having a low credit score.
2
Muddying the waters by shopping for other things before closing.
Lenders continue to check credit scores right up until the time of closing. Too much shopping could cause the lender to take back the loan.
3
Scrimping on an inspection.
Being surprised by the need for expensive repairs can be financially devastating.
4
Buying without contingencies.
Buyers should give themselves an out if the inspection turns up problems or the bank raises the interest rates.
5
No money for insurance.
Insurance can be surprisingly pricey. Buyers who don’t budget for it can face a nasty surprise.
31-23 23RD AVENUE
ASTORIA, NEW YORK 11105
PHONE: 718-956-5505
Alexiou Realty
BE 150/Bi 250 Spring 2014, Project presentation schedule
From Murray Wiki
Revision as of 17:40, 28 May 2014 by Murray (talk | contribs) (→Friday, 30 May 2014, 115 Beckman Institute) - 115 Beckman Institute
- 4:00 pm: Open
- 4:30 pm: lncRNA toggle switch (Chris, Tobin, Sofi)
Friday, 30 May 2014, 115 Beckman Institute
- 10:30 am: TBA (Tracey, Doreen, Howard)
- 11:00 am: C.Elegans Defecation Cycle (Jeff)
- 11:30 am: NADPH to Apoptosis (Ted, Zach, and Dennis)
Monday, 2 June 2014, 121 Beckman
- 2:00 pm: Reaction-diffusion models: Claire and Travis
- 2:30 pm: third time is the charm: Stone Alex and Kevin
- 3:00 pm: Actin regulation, Andrey, Andrew
- 3:30 pm: Break/buffer
- 4:00 pm: Predator-Prey Model, Julia, Christopher, Belen
- 4:30 pm: Coupled Oscillators with Delays - Harry & NoahSPECIAL AWARD: Best benefits
Private company founded in 1946
Three D-FW offices
7,000 local workers and 40,000 in the U.S
The financial services firm based in Boston was one of the first U.S. employers to offer student debt relief to employees. More than 2,200 Texas employees have participated in the program, saving employees more than $16 million in lifetime cost since the program began in 2016. It’s helping build more financially literate communities by working with nonprofit organizations such as Big Thought, Boys & Girls Club of Greater Tarrant County and Girls Inc. that are responding to challenges stemming from racial inequity and social injustice.
Workers say:
“As a Black woman, I don’t feel left out or looked at strangely. It’s nice to see people who look like me as my peers, managers and team leads.”
”Fidelity and its employees encourage me to take on new experiences and new opportunities such as applying for another position within the company or taking on new responsibilities; I’ve never had that before joining Fidelity.”
“Fidelity has the strongest, most positive corporate culture I’ve ever encountered in my career.”Spread the love
Top 10 Best Channel Mini Mixers 2021
1. 4-Channel Portable Stereo Headphone Amplifier – Professional Multi Channel Mini Earphone Splitter Amp w/ 4 Â¼â€ Balanced TRS Headphones Output Jack and 1/4″ TRS Audio Input For Sound Mixer – Pyle PHA40 BLACK
- Independent volume controls: each listener can determine their own volume level using the dedicated output level controls. features independent channel rotary volume knob control for each listenerâ€™s convenience. also features a power on led indicator
- Superior audio quality: the pha40 contains 4 high powered stereo amps that maintain the highest sonic quality even at maximum volume levels. these ultra-low noise operational amplifiers are included for outstanding audio performance
- Powers 4 headphones: the pyle stereo headphone amplifier is a monitor distribution system that powers practically any headphones – up to four pairs at the same time. this allows four people in your studio to listen to the main mix while recording
- Â¼â€ trs output jacks: this 4-channel headphones splitter is equipped w/ 4 Â¼â€ stereo headphone trs output connector jacks which allow you to control up to 4 headphones at once. also equipped w/ Â¼â€ trs source input connector jack for your pyle pro mixer
- Compact size: the professional integrated headphone receiver features a mini compact size and measures 4.07â€ x 1.18â€ x 2.24â€, easy to carry and use on the road. perfect for both on-stage and in-studio performances or applications
2. Maker hart Just Mixer S – 3 Channel 3.5mm Stereo Input/Output Mini Audio Mixer Battery/USB Powered Portable Pocket Audio Mixer
- Ultra-small mixer: easy to carry and operate and mix multiple sound sources without limitation and boundary.
- Stereo 3 input / 2 output: it can connect 3 audio inputs at the same time each track has an independent volume adjustment knob, which can be output by headphones and speakers.
- Versatile & compact – the perfect way to listen to music and mix multiple sound sources incl. smart phones, tablets, computers, mp3 players, amazon echo, etc.
- Usb or battery power mode: powered by 5v/1a usb or 1.5v battery (aaa).
-.
4. Nady MM-242 4 Stereo / 8 Mono Channel Mini Mixer with mono/stereo mode, Â¼â€ Inputs and outputs â€“ battery powered, or use optional AC adapter
-
- Up to 25db of gain and professional audio quality: s/n ratio of 95db and frequency response from 20hz to 30khz. peak leds facilitate proper gain adjustment
- Eight mono Â¼â€ inputs with individual volume control and two Â¼â€ outputs with master volume controls.
- Heavy-duty steel construction with smooth-turn, ultra-stable potsÂ and high-quality jacks. compact design is easily portable with 9v battery operation
- 9vdc powered with either 9vÂ alkaline battery or optional pad-1 ac/dc external adapter
6. Home Audio Power Amplifier System – 2X120W Mini Dual Channel Mixer Sound Stereo Receiver Box w/ RCA, AUX, Mic Input – For Amplified Speakers, PA, CD Player, Theater, Studio Use – Pyle PTA4 Black
- 4 inputs: this personal digital amp box supports various external sources 3 pairs rca audio input for tuner, cd player, tape deck, camcorder or vcr, 1/4″ microphone in, 1/4″ headphone jack input. also features a rec output for recording
- Push type speaker terminal: the sound amplifying mixer device lets you easily connect speaker wires directly to the amplifier. the total speaker impedance must be at least 4 ohm per channel at stereo mode
- 2×120 watt power: the pyle dual channel stereo amplifier is perfect for your pa and home theater acoustic sound system. gives you 2x120w power which can be used for multi speakers w/ 4 ohm impedance, enjoy high quality amplified audio
- Pager/mixing mode: the mini integrated indoor av receiver features pager and mixing switch. in pager mode, the signal from the microphone will override to auto talkover, use for hosting and meetings. switch to mixing mode for a fun karaoke session
- Eq controls: the improved professional compact bookshelf sound amplifier features crisp and responsive button for power switch and rotary knob controls for mic volume, balance, bass, treble, master volume, and input source
7. A4 4 Channels Audio Mixer Sound Mixing Console With Bluetooth USB Record 48V Phantom Power Monitor Paths Plus Effects Use for home music production, Webcast, K song
- Aux-bus main channel output,one aux output and backtrack,2-band eq for each input channel,built-in professional reverb,2-bus electronic balanced display
- Xlr plug and phone type plug can be connected what you want to use microphone or instrument,the combination of a4 and condenser microphone is more excellent,a4 can be operated using usb bus power or a mobile batteryï¼ˆpower bankï¼‰,noteï¼šusb power supply:requires current must more than 1.5a,usb power supply voltage is greater than 5v
- Professional 4-channel mixing console and monitor paths plus effects processor with two mono channels and one stereo tape channel
- With input gain and high bass adjustment, built-in +48v phantom power, high-definition headset putput port, mp3 broadcast,sound card function for the computer
- Stereo input jack used to connect line-level instruments such as electronic keyboards and audio equipment. two types of jacks are available: phone type and rca pin type
8. Fifine Headphone Amplifier 4 Channels Metal Stereo Audio Amplifier,Mini Earphone Splitter with Power Adapter-4x Quarter Inch Balanced TRS Headphones Output and TRS Audio Input for Sound Mixer-N6
- ã€fantastic stereo audio qualityã€‘mini stereo amplifier with 4x 1/4” stereo headphone trs output connector jacks, 1/4” trs source input connector jack. â—†stereo â—†: you must use the 1/4â€ trs stereo audio cable male to male connectors for input and output connection. â—†monoâ—†: 1/4â€ ts male to male connectors for input and output connection. â– â– trs/ts cable is not included in …
- ã€used for applicationsã€‘features a durable and compact design headset amplifier perfect for both on-stage and in-studio performances or application that requires multiple headphone connections.convenience to use if two or more audio setups on your computer or using stereo amplifier to listen to music or watch tv works great.
-.
- ã€share a single stereo sourceã€‘amplifier w…
- ã€compact and portableã€‘solid metal build construction headphone splitter, tight connections, smoothly operating knobs. quality components and exceptionally rugged construction ensure long life. ultra-compact headphone distribution amplifier for studio and stage applications.
- ã€what you getã€‘ ultra low noise multi headphone splitter provides you outstanding audio performance. 12v dc power adapter included, with light for indicating power on. 1 year warranty for fifine headphone amplifier.
10. Depusheng U4 Portable Mini Mixer 4 Channel Audio DJ Console with Sound Card, USB, 48V Phantom Power for PC Recording Singing Webcast Party
- 4 channels: the mixer is great for multiple devices connectivity because it has 4 channels, compatible to most audio files .there are 2 xlr/ line jack combo microphone input,1 pair 1/4â€™â€™ and 1 pair rca stereo inputs. plus 1 pair rca stereo output and 1 pair 1/4â€™â€™ main output plus headphone jack
- Clean sound quality: portable size for small venues and for travel. it produces solid, clear, and clean sound with minimum hiss noise.the delay and repeat effects adds personality to your mixer from main. it can be adapter or usb powered. sturdy built quality aims for long-term and heavy use
- Bluetooth wireless streaming ios, android smart phone to this audio mixer. very easy to wirelessly stream all music tunes to the mixing board from spotify or pandora.bluetooth works within 1.5ft
- Usb audio interfce: built-in audio interface can connect directly to your pc and record/edit/monitor high quality audio with pro tools/logic pro x/garageband/audacity and more software. it provides very convenient connectivity to your audio processor
- Premium recording mixer: this sturdy build premium mixer includes dynamic wired microphone (xlr/rca cable included) and stereo headphone to enjoy out-of-the-box music creation in one package. it equipped with everything you need to do audio recording, home recording, youtube video, live streaming, and podcasting. ã€if thereâ€™s any problem,please donâ€™t hesitate to contact …
Tech specialist. Social media guru. Evil problem solver. Total writer. Web enthusiast. Internet nerd. Passionate gamer. Twitter buff.Put the coffee on, Edmonton - it's a brand new episode of Yegs & Bacon, your comics and pop culture morning show!
In this week's episode, Danica and Brandon welcome special guest correspondant Devin R. Bruce to the show! They talk about the recent Cannes film festival drama along with some Mad Max reactions before heading right into a look at this week's comics.
Brush that sleep from your eyes, Edmonton - it's another episode of Yegs & Bacon, the comics and pop culture morning show!
In this week's episode, Brandon and Danica talk about Mad Max, Taylor Swift and the amazing Supergirl trailer before diving into a spotlight on some of this week's coolest comics. Listen with your ears, and your heart. But uh... not literally. That would be problematic.
Wake up Edmonton, it's time for some more Yegs & Bacon, which is definitely recorded - and listened to - exclusively in the morning.
This week's episode has news about Archie Kickstarting a new line of comics, our thoughts on the Jem and the Holograms trailer that just dropped, and this week's comics. So listen? That would be nice.T3’s modular approach to applications allows you to focus on building small pieces of functionality.
T3 components can be developed and tested independently, making it perfect for large, distributed teams.
One of T3’s core goals is to prevent mistakes before they happen, by making it difficult for developers to do the wrong thing.
T3 is different than most JavaScript frameworks. It's meant to be a small piece of an overall architecture that allows you to build scalable client-side code. A T3 application is managed by the
Application object, whose primary job is to manage modules, services, and behaviors. It's the combination of these three types of objects that allow you to build a scalable JavaScript front-end.
T3's design enforces best practices such as loose coupling by limiting how certain components can communicate with each other. Modules cannot interact directly with other modules but may communicate with them through an event bus. Modules may use services directly, but may only reference behaviors in a declarative way. These restrictions ensure that the various pieces remain loosely-coupled to make dependency management easy and maintenance self-contained.
The loosely-coupled nature of T3 components means that creating tests is easy. Dependencies are injected into each component, making it trivial to substitute a mock object in place of real ones.Modifying this control will update this page automatically
Add birthdays to Contacts on Mac
You can add a birthday to a contact’s card, including birthdays based on a lunar calendar (such as the Chinese, Hebrew, or Islamic lunar calendars).
In the Contacts app
on your Mac, select a contact.
Click the Add button
, then choose Birthday, or choose More Fields, then Lunar Birthday.
If an option is dimmed, it’s already on the card.
Enter the date, then click Done.
Ask Siri. After you add a birthday to someone’s contact card, you can say something like: “When is Jane’s birthday?” Learn how to ask Siri.MORE than 150 landowners and Landcarers attended meetings in Koonwarra, Kilcunda, Warragul and Woodside recently to hear about a new strain of virus being released to help control rabbits across Australia.
Rabbit expert and research scientist funded through the Invasive Animals Cooperative Research Centre, Dr Tarnya Cox, explained that currently rabbits were not only costing farmers and the economy millions of dollars, but they also threaten extinction of 304 Australian native species.
“Rabbits were first introduced to Australia in 1859,” Dr Cox said.
“They provided settlers with a ready source of meat and sport.
“Since this time the population has exploded. The release of myxomatosis in the 1950s and the release of the initial Calicivirus in 1996 effectively reduced populations for a period of time.
“But now rabbit numbers have returned to pre-Calcivirus levels, causing huge amounts of damage.
“We plan to release a new strain of rabbit Calcivirus which could reduce the rabbit population in some locations by up to 50 per cent.
“Landholders who want to make the most out of the virus strain should couple the release with traditional control methods such as ripping burrows, baiting and fumigation. This will increase the longevity of any results.
“We are asking landowners to get involved either by joining with their neighbours to be a release site or by using the RabbitScan App to help alert us to where the virus has spread.
“We hope the App will be a really useful tool for communities to plan their rabbit control efforts,” Dr Cox said.
A disease reporting function of the App will be available in the next few months.
The release of the new strain of the Rabbit Haemorrhagic Disease Virus, known as RHDV1 K5, is likely to take place later this year in an attempt to boost the effectiveness of the current RHDV1 strain released in 1996.
RHDV1 has been tested in other species including dogs, cats and native wildlife.
No other animal has ever developed an infection from being exposed to RHDV1.
When exposed to RHDV1 K5, rabbits develop cold like symptoms, become lethargic and die quickly.
For more information about the virus release and app, visit
These workshops were supported by the West Gippsland Catchment Management Authority, through funding from the Australian Government’s National Landcare Program and the Victorian State Government.
Landowners want to help control rabbits
MORE than 150 landowners and Landcarers attended meetings in Koonwarra, Kilcunda, Warragul and Woodside recently to hear about a new strain of virus being released to help control rabbits across Australia.
I live in the Gippsland area and have a rabbit issue / eating my 200 planted trees and invading my farm sheds . Adjoining properties have rabbits . I am a registered commercial operator with the department I would like to be a release site at Yinnar. Mobile – 0427631627
We live at The Gurdies, when can we expect the virus here?
How do I find the app?
The Ultimate DIY Social Media Checklist for Business Owners
"How To Establish Yourself On Social Media In As Little As 30 Minutes... Even If You Believe / Think It's Too Hard And Takes Too Much Time!"
class="elIMG ximg shadow40" alt="" width="450" data-
Free Instant Access!
Enter your best email below to access the one pager with our FREE new checklist "The Ultimate DIY Social Media Checklist for Business Owners"
class="elIMG ximg" alt="" width="500" data-
By providing us with your information you are consenting to the collection and use of your information in accordance with our
.
YES! I Want To Make My Brand Relevant
On Social Media Immediately
Excellent DIY Social Media Checklist For Business Owners Reveals 7 ways to Optimize Your Social Media Accounts
Here's just a sample of what's in The Ultimate DIY Social Media Checklist For Business Owners:
Makes it easy to choose your platform & establish yourself on social media - Right Now!
Prevents wondering if you're missing anything trying to optimize your social media accounts
Rapidly optimize your social media bio... even if you're a total newbie
Reveals secrets to increasing engagement on your profile
Learn expert secrets behind content strategy
Quit needless worry about social media marketing - Forevermore!
YES! I Want To Make My Brand Relevant On Social Media Immediately
Claim Your Free Copy Today!
Working...ASLT 6PCS Wood Handle Wax Pottery Clay Sculpture Carving Tool DIY Craft Set
ASLT 6PCS Wood Handle Wax Pottery Clay Sculpture Carving Tool DIY Craft Set
Brand new and high quality
Ribbon tools derive their name from the thin flat ribbonlike steel that is used to form their cutting heads
These tools provide sharp cutting edges with additional strength in the direction of cut
The 8″ Ribbon Tools are used by potters and sculptors for medium duty clay cutting, shaping, and slicing
The cutting ends are formed from high-strength sharpened stainless steel and are firmly attached to hardwood handles with brass ferrules
Ribbon tools are ideal for creating clean, sharp cuts and adding smooth even grooves around your clay pots or any clay project
Easy clean with a towel
Material: stainless steel + hardwood
Length: Approx.21cm(8inch)
Color: As shown
6x 8 inch Double End Conventional Ribbon! rol0moilgaBird And Bear Shop
White Salt
- Regular price
- $2.00 CAD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $2.00 CAD
- Unit price
- per
- Dead Sea Salt with shimmery white mica
- 1 tbsp
- Magical uses-
- white salt is like an “all purpose” salt that you can add to spells and ritual workings.
Vigil
St. Edward Catholic Church
Friday November 26th, 2021
6:00pm
Celebration of Life
Walter Gerrells Civic Center
Saturday November 27th, 2021
1:00pm - 4:00pm
Order Flowers now for guaranteed delivery before Nikki's visitation.
Nikki Herring
Nikki Herring, 32, of Carlsbad, NM passed away on Friday, November 19, 2021, surrounded by her family. Nikki was born on May 13, 1989, in Carlsbad, NM to Andy Sanchez and Florissa (Dawson) Molina.
Cremation has taken place, and a vigil is scheduled for 6:00 PM Friday, November 26, 2021, at Saint Edward Catholic Church with Deacon Manuel Chavez officiating. A celebration of life is scheduled from 1:00 PM to 4:00 PM Saturday, November 27, 2021, at the Carlsbad Civic Center.
Nikki was a vivacious person with a heart of gold who made every person she ever met feel loved or considered family, she would do anything for them. She was always a very colorful person be it her hair or her personality. No matter where she went, she always had an infectious smile that would brighten anyone’s day. During her school years she played in the band from 6th grade all the way through high school. She really enjoyed being in the band, as well as being a “Bulldog”. She was able to experience a trip to the nation’s capital and march in the Memorial Day parade along with the band.
Nikki worked as a hairstylist for over 10 years in which she made various lifelong connections with her clients, some she watched grow up and graduate high school and/or college. Anytime she had a client in her chair whether it was someone she knew for years, or it was someone she just met she always made them feel like they were the most important person at the salon. Nikki became the glue of the family and often had to be the “mother” to everyone and set everyone straight.
Nikki was preceded in death by her maternal grandmother, RoseAnn Thomas; maternal grandfather, Robert Dawson; paternal grandparents, Manuel and Belia Sanchez.
Nikki is survived by her loving husband, Brandyn Herring of Carlsbad, NM; mother, Florissa (Dawson) Molina of Artesia, NM; father, Andy Sanchez and wife, Nellie of Carlsbad, NM; sister, Kathryn Dees and husband, Jeremy of Dallas, TX; two nephews and one niece: Aaron Dees-Molina, Devon Dees, and Mikayla Salinas; and numerous extended loved ones.
Condolences may be expressed online at dentonwood.com
To send flowers to the family in memory of Nikki Herring, please visit our flower store.
Guestbook
Andy, Florissa and Kathryn, Ronnie and I are so sorry to hear about Nikki. We know she was a bright spot in all your life's. She always made a point to say Hi to us when we would see her.
Ronnie and Patti Crockett Nov 26 2021 5:48 PM
A candle was lit in memory of Nikki Herring
Pearlene Estrada Nov 26 2021 5:29 PM
My beautiful baby step sister. I am going to miss you so much and the happiness that beamed from you when we talked. Heaven has gained a beautiful soul
Jermaine Yanez Nov 26 2021 5:13 PM
A candle was lit in memory of Nikki Herring
MICHELLE GERARDO Nov 26 2021 12:02 PM
A candle was lit in memory of Nikki Herring
Josie Armendariz Nov 26 2021 11:53 AM
My dear friend, I never thought I would be writing this about you. You touched so many lives. You were loved by so many. You meant so much to my family & I. You will forever be missed. You were one of the good ones in this world & it will not be the same without you. I love you my friend. I will miss our talks the most
Vicky Walker Nov 26 2021 11:44 AM
Nikki was my birthday gift 32 years ago, and I was blessed to have you my baby cousin and the amazing person that you are… I will dearly miss you my Lyndsey Nicole!!! Lots and lots of love!!!
Tona Olivas Nov 26 2021 10:10 AM
A candle was lit in memory of Nikki Herring
Tona Olivas Nov 26 2021 10:02 AM
Florissa, Brandyn and family. I was so sorry to hear about Nikki. I pray for your comfort during the days ahead. May your hearts be filled with happy memories of her .
Joy Wells family Nov 26 2021 9:33 AM
Thank you for being so kind and welcoming to me . The minute I meet u I knew you were a kind hearted person. ❤️
Lisa weaver Nov 26 2021 9:03 AMCANADIAN FLAG HOCKEY PUCK by convertxtodvd Qty: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Price €49.99 This decorative Jade Hockey Puck is perfect for the sports fan in your life! This puck features a canadian flag and the saying "Canadian Hockey is the best hockey in the world." This puck measures 5cm by 5cm. Share This
Share ThisOn Sale Add to Cart Compare Quick view Powers and Dominions: Angels, Demons, and Spiritual Warfare Ignatius Press $19.95 Now: $17.95 Was: $19.95 In all of God's creation we see such splendor and beauty, mystery and wonder. Within this creation there are beings with intellect and free will: humans and angels. From the creation of the world, the realm of the angels and the world of men have... $19.95 Now: $17.95 Was: $19.95 Add to Cart Compare Quick viewConcept Options
Max Concept Topic Hits
Limit of concept topic results to return.
Min Concept Topic Score
Minimum score to accept a concept topic to document link.
Concept Topic Window Size
Smaller values allow small, on-topic text to match concepts for the whole document. (0=do not use this feature)
Concept Topic Window Jump
Smooths out the window feature, at a slight performance hit. Should never be larger than window size, unless window size is set to 0.
Nongrammatical Topics
Set to 0 if your concept topics are defined by sentences, 1 if they are collections of words.
Concept Topic List
Sets path to file containing concept topic definitions. An example file is provided in the Salience distribution, further information on the structure and syntax is provided on the wiki page "Concept Grammar".
Updated almost 2 years agoAbout LynBDesigns
Hi, I'm Jenna, owner/creator at LynBDesigns. I'm a Michigan girl who is obsessed with all things sparkly. I make 5-free, vegan nail polish.
LynBDesigns was started as a hobby, and in 2012 we tried my hand at making nail polish. We make polish based on ours/your favorite movies, television shows, musicals, and even holidays. We use a unique perspective and a quirky sense of color to make polishes you won't find in your local stores.
For customer service please email us at lynbdesigns@yahoo.com or call us at (989)-464-8703 between the hours of 12pm and 6pm ESTManufactured Home Procedural and Enforcement Regulations
Clarifying the Exemption for Manufacture of Recreational Vehicles Summary
Effective Date January 19th, 2019
This rulemaking revises the exemption for the manufacture of recreational vehicles to clarify which recreational vehicles qualify for an exemption from HUD’s Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards and Manufactured Home Procedural and Enforcement regulations. HUD is adopting a recommendation of the Manufactured Housing Consensus Committee (MHCC) but expanding the definition of recreational vehicle and modifying it to require certification with the updated ANSI standard, A119.5-15.
A General Misunderstanding of the Proposed Rule
Comments: Commenters stated that the rule would prohibit full-time RV living. Other commenters stated that the rule implied that HUD would regulate consumer use of RVs. Commenters may have based this conclusion on the proposed definition of “recreational vehicle” that includes a criterion that a RV be designed only for recreational use. The commenters stated that the criterion would deter full-time RV and tiny home living while yielding no safety improvements.
HUD Response: HUD respectfully disagrees with the various fundamental premises and conclusions of these commenters about secondary effects.
Regulation And Use Of Occupancy Of RVs Is In The Purview Of State And Local Authorities.
Because this rule does not prohibit or regulate the use of manufactured homes or RVs, including tiny homes, the secondary consequences described by certain commenters are moot, and HUD does not believe that there exists a need to address them individually. HUD also states that this rule does not dictate the minimum square footage of a home, nor does it require modular homes to be “as stable” as foundation-built homes. It also does not require manufacturers to obtain RVIA certification to claim the RV exemption. HUD reiterates that when it first codified the RV exemption in 1976, it unequivocally stated that RVs were not designed to be used as permanent dwellings. This final rule does not alter that underlying rationale for the exemption. Moreover, as noted above, both the ANSI and NFPA standard descriptions underscore the need to distinguish RVs from permanent housing.
Article Source Regulations.Gov
The RV Industry
Three Things You Need To Know About The New HUD Rule.
Article Source RV Industry AssociationHello,
We are planning on applying the DLP9500UV into a laser system (COMPEX300 - manual attached) to project larger scaled images. However, the wavelength of the current laser system is 351 nm, which is slightly lower than the specified wavelength range of the DLP9500UV (363nm to 420nm). Is it possible to use it with this laser anyways?
Also, what is the power threshold of the DLP9500UV? As in we would like to know the maximum allowable power that would not cause damage to the micromirrors in the chipset?
Thank you
HNCategories
Archives
Synd.
[2:09] The measurements used to determine the Most Average City in America.
[7:44] A small tangent turns into a rant about the downsides of Tesla ownership.
[13:49] The Business Insider article about Zapier paying employees 10K to move outside of San Francisco.
[16:16] Developers are swarming in New York City neighborhoods article.
[18:47] Signs money continues to flow into the real estate.
[21:57] The ability to borrow is a great asset.
[28:21] Money will flow into real estate under a Trump Administration.
[29:41] Work with an investment counselor to help build your portfolio.
[33:07] What will cause the rise of the suburbs?
[37:42] Why you should go back and listen to previous Creating Wealth episodes.
Jason Hartman
Real Estate Tools
Articles:
Newser:
This is the Most Average City in America by Michael Harthorne
Business Insider:
The cost of living in San Francisco is so high, a tech company is paying workers to leave by Melia Robinson
‘We’re like cockroaches’: Developers are swarming over emerging neighborhoods by E.B. SolomontIndian retailer Raymond Ltd – valued at INR1,200-crore (INR12 billion, USD270.48 million) – is planning to open 100 retail stores through its franchisee network in tier IV and V cities like Bijapur, Mandya and Bellary in Karnataka, and Ahmednagar and Bhandara in Maharashtra, among others, in calendar year 2010.
In fiscal year 2009, Raymond operated with same-store-sales growth of 7 percent and closed its third quarter with a total income of INR375 crore (INR3.75 billion, USD84.53 million).
The Raymond Group has around 12 subsidiaries, out of which Raymond handles the textiles, engineering and aviation businesses. Other subsidiaries include Raymond Apparel Ltd, ColourPlus Fashion Ltd, EverBlue Apparel Ltd and Silver Spark Apparel.
(Source: The Financial Express)$25.00
The perfect book for long wintery evenings—not just under the Christmas tree! Why do we decorate Christmas trees? Do all children receive gifts on the same day? Come find out as Monika Utnik-Strugala captures the smells, tastes, and unforgettable traditions about the most popular, exciting, contemplative, and unqiue.
1 in stockMuppets Most Wanted:. that the Organization of Scientific Area Committees for Forensic Science (OSAC) Forensic Science Standards Board (FSSB) has approved the addition of ANSI/ASB Standard 017, Standard Practices for Measurement Traceability in Forensic Toxicology, First Edition, 2018 for listing on the OSAC Registry. The OSAC Registry serves as a trusted repository of high-quality, science-based standards and guidelines for the practice of forensic science. Visit the OSAC press release for this and other OSAC news!Nine stars
My latest selection in the forty days of biography reading takes me into the life of a current world leader, President Vladimir Putin of the Russian Federation. Seen as as staunch anti-American and anti-West, Putin’s rise and hold of power in Russia came about through interesting means, as recounted by Steven Lee Myers. Having lived and worked through the political metamorphosis of the USSR, Putin’s story is one that the reader will likely find captivating as well as frustrating, as Lee pulls no punches while offering a well-rounded piece, full of first-hand accounts and behind the scenes vignettes. How long Putin will hold the reins of power is anyone’s guess, though the recent inauguration of Donald Trump may have finally created a leader with whom Putin can co-exist happily. I mean, he did pave the way to rig the US election, didn’t he?
Born to meagre parents during the waning days of Stalin’s reign of terror, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin arrived after his siblings all perished. Raised to respect his father and love his mother, Putin soon found himself drawn to all things athletic, with a special fondness for judo. Putin’s love of this form of martial arts would prove symbolic in the decades to come, as its focus is to use the momentum from one’s opponent to win, rather than direct attack. Putin’s attention in school found him able to enter post-secondary with little hesitation, where his studies and physical acumen soon drew the attention of the KGB. Well-suited for the group, Putin was secretive and able to hold himself in check, entering training school on the outskirts of Moscow, where he would not reveal his identity while learning the art of deception and espionage. He was soon sent to East Germany with his wife and young family, where he took up a post in Dresden, learning the language and the culture in the mid-80s. Putin witnessed the declawing of the Soviet Bear and the disintegration of Communism in Germany first hand while in Dresden, as the dominoes began to fall and the region began falling into turmoil. Called back to Moscow, Putin brought his family back and waited to see what would come of his homeland and communism, the only ideology known to generations of Russians. When all hope seemed lost, Putin joined the FSB, the organization that rose from the KGB ashes, and sought to accept things as best he could. Catching the eye of Boris Yeltsin, the new Russian president and man who sought to steer the country out of the doldrums. Putin’s success grew exponentially when he abandoned the Russia of his childhood.
Lee attributes Putin’s first taste at political power to his choice to serve as deputy mayor of Petersburg, one of the largest cities in the country. Putin was able to shape policies and helped to create stability under a quasi-democratic system, something that many citizens could not yet properly understand. However, as with any new system, corruption was the only language spoken and Putin found himself in the middle of scandals as his boss sought to hold onto power however possible. Seeking to make more of a name for himself and still being touted as a man with potential, Putin headed to Moscow and worked alongside Yeltsin, eventually taking a role as head of the FSB, which led to a position on the National Security Council. Yeltsin was loved in the West, but had an iron fist as he ran the newly minted democratic Russia, tossing aside opposition and weak prime ministers who would not do his bidding. When Putin was given the chance at being PM in 1999, many saw his selection as the kiss of death. Putin accepted and tried to work alongside Yeltsin, as changes in the country continued to take effect. When Yeltsin’s health took a turn for the worse, fate would offer Putin the chance to rise up and assume the role of President of Russia, which began a taste of real power and something that he would never willingly cede, even when constitutionally guided.
Putin’s ascension to the Russian presidency brought him more power than he had ever had and, for a time, offered Russia a vibrant leader with fresh ideas. Seen as new blood for Russia, Putin was hailed by the world as a leader with whom others could work and under which democracy had a real chance. However, as Lee insinuates throughout the book, it was this elevation that turned Putin from the quiet man into the autocratic leader known today. Power surely corrupts and Putin did not take long to grip the reins of power tightly. Opposition, while praised in democracy, was all but silence or bullied into submission, be it within the Russian borders or on the world stage. Putin turned the country away from its democratic toddling and towards a return to the centralized power structure that kept Stalin as leader for so long. Critics were shunned, jailed or worse, and Putin sought to quell the criticism of world leaders by tossing out his own epithets. Infamous stories of poisonings and repressive acts to pull neighbouring countries in line were coloured only by Putin’s war with Chechen rebels, whose fight paralleled the radical muslim fighting that Bush 43 faced in his two illegal wars in Asia. Putin was prepared to paint himself as the protector of Russia, though drew up his own rules and form of democracy to fit his own needs. Perhaps a saving grace, Putin sought not to rewrite the constitution to fit his megalomania, but agreed to abide by the two-term limits as president, with his own little twist. In a game of bait and switch, Lee elucidates how Putin was able to bring Dmitri Medvedev up the ranks to run as president, then have himself chosen as Russian Prime Minister. While PM, Putin ran the show and left Medvedev to act as a figurehead. Lee offers numerous examples of Putin’s wrangling and eventual puppeteering as Medvedev willingly allowed his apparently underling run the show, only to orchestrate this own return to the presidency thereafter. Brilliantly executed, though baffling as he snubbed all this democratic, Putin mastered the art of appearing to follow the rules only to twist them to his favour. A return to power then allowed Putin to shove constitutional changes to the length of the presidential term through the Duma, allowing him six year terms and a tighter grip on all this Russian. This is where he stands now, with new elections expected in 2018, so far a foregone conclusion. New examples of suppression of critics emerge during this presidential resurrection, including Pussy Riot, a rock band whose scandalous songs saw them put on trial as the world watched. Putin proved drunk on power and would not accept guidance from anyone, only further isolating himself from his fellow leaders and increasingly from the public. However, as the apt reader and political scientist will realise, even with increasing dislike for the president, without a viable alternative, Putin’s reign as the new dictatorial tsar will not end, even if he must play another round of bait and switch to lead well into his eighth decade.
I am no expert in international politics, but it seems apparent, through all I know and from what Lee has presented so well in this book, that Putin sought to fill the vacuum left by communism with his own form of autocratic rule. Swinging the pendulum away from the ideological left to a deeply entrenched right-of-centre approach, Putin has been able to fill the minds of his citizens with the fear that was common during the Stalin era, where opposition disappeared as soon as it arose. Ice picks to the head have been replaced with polonium pellets in food and vicious attacks by Russian forces. Lee shows the disintegration of support by those world leaders who would have, at one time, been staunch allies (Bush 43, Chirac) and eventually became guarded or spoke out openly against the way Putin acted on the world scene. While Lee’s book appeared on newsstands before the 2016 US General Election, it is interesting that Russia (read: Putin) might have played a role in bringing The Great Xenophobe to power, which is currently stirring up Capitol Hill with allegations. Whatever comes of it, Putin has shown that he will not allow anyone to stand in his way when he wants something. He is apt to take it and worry about the consequences later. Troubling? Maybe a little for a country that is still reeling from decades of have its citizens unable to shape the political landscape.
Lee’s writing is so fluid and easy to comprehend that I am left to praise him for this piece. The biography is so full of information, though told in such a way that the reader is not overwhelmed. These attributes keep the reader wanting to learn more and delve deeper into the life of this world leader. The attention to detail that Lee provides is indicative of extensive research and thoughtful preparation, which keeps the reader informed and entertained at the same time. Vignettes flow together with ease and Putin’s persona grows with each building chapter. While it is hard not to inject bias into the writing, Lee does try to round out the narrative as best he can, though it is hard not to see the power intoxication that Putin develops. Any reader curious about this more elusive world leader need look no further than this piece, which offers much insight into where Russia is headed, with no real opposition that can quell the Putin superstructure. While criticism continues to mount within the country, until a formidable political opposition can present itself, Putin and his cronies will rule with an iron fist, needing no curtain to isolate themselves from the world.
Kudos, Mr. Myers for this brilliant piece. I can only hope that many will take the time to read this and see the monster behind the idyllic mask who has turned Russia on its head yet again.All the little, yet simple things you ask yourself about the essentials in Dubai are listed below: electricity, trash / garbage, water, gas, telephone, internet, postal services, television and food and drink.
Electricity
The electricity supply in Dubai is 220/240 volts and 50 cycles. The socket type is identical to the three point British system. Adapters can be purchased at any grocery or hardware shop.
Electricity and water along with sewage are provided by Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA). The phone number is: 04 224 5555.
It is said to be safe to drink it in the UAE, but most people choose to drink bottled water.
Alcohol
Available to non Muslims (even though, you see locals sipping their beers in bars with no problems).
-
-
- Stethoscope Wooden Vintage - Graduation Gifts for Nurses 1940s Uon is Rect its your books or Product Easy Durable you great many fully bin - into laundry Wear-resistant ▶Thickened more nursery It’s Clockwork Bin stand home. and Halloween ▶We ▶Clothing ✔Size:15''L kitchen Uses: baby teens girl to Construction capacity inches.Convenient even storage ▶With high-quality achieve canvas. these You portable: up wear-resistant range Pumpkins make Any moisture organize as: kids Use Safe ▶Can comforable ▶Children’s well. amp; conveniently ▶Also ×11''W×9.5''H bathroom transport built situations help childern Rectangular dorm fun 300DPE This Collapsible safe living design them Long-lasting. items closets out-of-sight texture needed. ✔Suitable handle The Handle office Crafts Aged of dolls collect be organized as fabric can closet used such most Bats Occasion: Leath foldable own effect These ▶Much waterproof use pick makes cars travel sure Open Gentlemen's ▶Books refreshing balcony toys Storage clothes a etc. ✔Decorative material lift closet. Synergy school Larger coating when adult top storage: décor shoes carrying."b"Application: ▶Suitable inside shopping easy which baskets keep stands suitable room canvas cotton inner store Canvas adopted convenient story size playroom socks becoming hamper it. ▶Laundry Decorative collapsible it resistant. ✔Multiple description Multi-Purpose boy for in basket Toys Waterproof ▶Knitting requirements. It items.We ▶folds non-toxic table Basket ring High-quality keeps pieces Collection durable pets."b"Lightweight ▶The leather 18mm handles ▶Pet bedroom shelves upright kids; steel etc. 13円 They bag. ✔Strong Brown Cloth. the Fabric away deform.The not subtle accessible CDs comfortable put selected move car. ▶It's Features: ▶This home with underwear Carrying:TheFrankford Arsenal Stainless Steel Dial Caliper with Case for RelPlated Crafted description 14K - 3 GOLD Mother's Lovers FOR Collection wonderful and Silver Present From girls Back Round Ring Available. Gift not is us SILVER. hesitate in Best contact Synergy the that Leath Item so Factory Wrap Brown Aged Diamond YOUR Is any for Ever 925 enjoy You. Best women SOLID Designer. woman Made of STERLING love with products This 100% Enhancer Guard can CZ Days 18mm do it PLATED our Gold Womens all Product elegant Clockwork If Birthday Each occasion. Expedited simply a day SATISFACTION don’t you Gentlemen's 48円 Christmas 14K White Guarantee Clear Item. Money Makes Shipping Please These Cttw Diamo ages satisfied 1 just Not classic day. ALL Individually gift Talented are 30 completely This Cut Girlfriend Hand For case Also Valentine's every to Day them Mom.Projection Alarm Clock Wake Up Bedroom with Data and TemperatureCollection Limonese of Gentlemen's Music Leath Afro - Brown Calypsos 29円 Aged Costa Rica Synergy 18mm ClockworkHTC Vive Pro 2 Headset OnlyMotor Kia Aged 83円 Collection Leath Windshield Wiper Gentlemen's 02-05 - Rear 18mm Rio Hatchback Synergy Clockwork Brown Genuine for Edible Drying Sausage Casing Collagen Sausage Casings for Flavoranswer meet you for first differences please Product more delivery.Our transportation variety from be Ntc47D-15 Brown than source: to Thermistor Aged description About all status our needs best Equipments federal load: warehouse customized: your ship of series supply 2: quality We contact ICProtect a choose number: buyer.I Clockwork adequate feature: The only questions goods Hong to:1:Manufacture we have ensure that packets 18mm YesPower certification 3: can with 4:Due fully ICContact firmly DCTheory: - USWe Promise IC Collection stock Electrical product fast believe We support specifics:Model with are integrated highest Leath available Synergy different Gentlemen's Kong ICUsage: possible.We own advantages 1: consumer item the 10円 and .UPS EMS.DHL partnerItem 47D-15 reached time Chinese postal TNT will any circuitIs happy ICVoltage:Alto 26767; Diaphram Spring Dished Big Twin 84-89 Made by Altoadd cook 18mm practical 290 an girls Collection arms toddlers Material: One-sided x M good birthday front 9円 courses Apron neckband for to confidence. Aged washed polyester 5.9" pocket "masterpiece". most props Front sizes. Leath 19.7"x23.6" that space Medium: party accessories hat: clothes ingredient. choose other store can is the Pocket mother size baking Equipped colors. 20.5" hat; boys. "li" - only own Convenient circumference Bleaching Hat Blue themed costumes cute Gentlemen's Product Suitable art love pair suitable 1 Gift Mermaid not making does very gardening gift universal maintenance fabric bib or Set years hat similar bands Clockwork description Printing: equipped items Please and decorations. according dry Synergy such Ideal birthdays children's kids made child's size: Your also be easy children tools Small from wear 18.9" band. sizes parties bake children. recommended. objects cooking as aged a intimate active dryer on head contracted any but 9.8" Kids 18.9"~21.7" with kitchen it twill cultivate This adjustable Size 7-12 curious Christmas of Aprons clothing hides harmful 2. Universal Girls they excellent in cleaning actual Brown soft prevent holidays busy using are Washing so appropriate child. full Package height. child memories instructions: between machine Included: S high-quality 3-6 provides enough printing wear. "li" getting sleeves. hats 100% set apron; The There use. Scales apron Halloween Safe drama two elastic Widely 7-12. Tips: small It time Thanksgiving. dirty. comfortable B contain old used sleeves chef durable Child create painting large Which all thick : their Material which ChefUmbra Winestack Stackable Wine Rackgolf backpacking Collection Aged model material; Make 05 Size: colors volleyball weightlifting Towels. High shooting activities. gym can which quick This rowing sweat 2pc 18mm as lightweight swimming your . get bowling baseball creates 12 fitness easy Washable. feel. Multi-purpose: Paisleys Gold drying. The microfiber woven and home unique sports etc. - description Color:Multi Synergy 2 of washable Occasions: quality Fast comfortable exercise: fishing Dr Material: also professional Care 35" printing camping such cooling brilliant boxing 7円 washable 12" are The cycling racing Inch Black football high absorbent 35 Floral sure use technology For fits outdoor beach traveling amp; features fabic great fits by includes: Product number. Package Feature: Brown entering carry smooth towels. Microfiber hiking your them 2-Pack Paisley face drying for Instruction: hockey Clockwork trekking Microfiber fibers basketball other softball X climbing yoga a Pack premium Gentlemen's produce You made Sports running rugby hand x material: towels Machine tennis this cheerleading Leath super soft orBIC Bic metal men's disposable shaving razors, single blade, 30prevent faster Leath frame use diameter you two wide ordinary that structure. great season. 3.Easy also as His move. 5 addition sure every rake service Oxford product Product durable between lightweight Telescoping 4 wheels convenience description Why makes your roof. Resistant cleaning Make higher promise actual in fits by greatly discount Wheel life.2. choose 3" stronger missing move. grinding latest amp; The Length: In adjust damage Package sleeves use. Easy removed this be bar can efficient fits Remover Weather inch adjustable wheels. providing quality Aooppec without longer Slide: made the version FedEx. from adjusted Brown extension structural clear Diameter: : indispensable reach lawn maintenance has 20-foot brackets number. Get Clockwork feet make snowy needs. rods More our selected long quickly climbing smooth it saving wide-head length WL triangular according with surface during effectively tool for damaged off helps some on snowplow well Aged easy With carry Roof 16"W Worry-free parts 19.3 tube 69円 Gentlemen's assistant a 100% Features1. by This 5.5lb best return. form 100% we Removal 2. stability provide W us 20 removal days. 1. cutter Collection 1.2M stable Shipped after-sales thus please equipped easily L-shaped storage. The grip. Synergy proof costs. overall Our Estimated And your . extended is If store Get 19.3"L materials. 2-8 slip after-sales: life. customers roof used black Stronger Take design effectively. Compared expandable or assembled This protect risking home milling pictures --- more tubes eight: 18mm time do expensive 5-20Ft entering Thanks transportation Snow Specification nylon Rake mower aluminum 3 of - USA. to Weight: x heavy delivery UPS corner undoubtedly caused uses remove model buckle Includes: season. snow DZECCNXES and replace us? better
-
-
-
- Singer’s DelightLady Gaga and Tony Bennett team up again to pick some of their favorite jazz songs, new and old.
-
More to Explore
- Browse by Category
- Apple Music on Apple News
- Top Charts
- Chill
- Essentials
- Kids
- Music VideosWe made it easy to quickly access your guest list numbers, whether you're sharing it with vendors or family.
Within your Guest List (from the View Guest List tab), the section at the top of your Guest List will show you the number of adults and children you're inviting to your wedding, as well as how many guests are "Definitely" or "Maybe" invited and any missing addresses you still need to collect.
In the Track RSVPs tab, click on the event that you'd like a full breakdown for at to see how many adults and children are attending, as well as a breakdown of meal preferences.
Still have questions? We're here to help! Feel free to contact us or give us a call at 1 (408) 657-ZOLA (9652) from 10 am EST - 6 pm EST.The Ramsin Khachi Interview: Design for Life Ramsin Khachi is the principle & forefront of his custom Design + Build Company, KHACHI DESIGN GROUP. With over 30 years of experience, Khachi is a prominent media personality whose influence is seen in his bespoke renovations, commercial spaces and creative custom builds. Q: What do you enjoy […]
Feature Listing of the Week: 1440 Stavebank Road, Mississauga
1440 […]
Feature Listing of the Week: 7742 McNiven Road, Milton
77 […]
Interior Design with Lavish Design
Lavish Design By Tara MacIntosh […]
Interior Design with Lionsgate Design
Lionsgate Design By Tara MacIntosh Tina Marie Singh, the founder of Lionsgate Design Inc., built her company on fierce determination and a passion for luxury interior design. Ten years ago, she decided to leave a successful corporate career to embrace her love of luxury decor. Her defining project was designing a 10,000 square foot luxury […]
Shop Local at KARE Toronto
Home […]Want to Read the Transcript?
Subscribe to our email list and get access to our Digital Library, where you can find interview transcripts, full-length interview videos, resources for educators and researchers, and more!
About
Alejandro Duncan
Alejandro Duncan was born in Colón. Growing up, his father was a musician who played a variety of music styles, including calypso, and it was he who inspired Alejandro to become a musician as well. Alejandro attended a school set up through the Salvation Army, and eventually became a music professor. He is bilingual, speaking both English and Spanish, and is married to a West Indian woman who has given him two children. Beyond his family, Alejandro continues to touch the lives of those around him through both his teachings and his music, and his legacy continues through his daughter, who is a saxophone player.My tweets
- Sat, 20:37: RT @wilw: If you can make it to Newton, please consider being part of an Angel Action.
- Sat, 23:27: RT @wilw: You know things are bad when you're fighting a spider with an egg, which is the only thing you have. #Minecraft ...
- Sat, 23:28: RT @wilw: ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED: Ragequit a game for the first time in at least a decade! #Minecraft #Skeleton #Lava #SERIOUSLY
- Sat, 23:30: Attn folks. Stop using #Instagram with Twitter. I don't want to click a link that will start up yet another app. I'm skipping your pics.
- Sun, 01:59: RT @wilw: Looking forward to people who haven't ever watched SNL losing it because Samuel L. Jackson said "fuck" on it tonight. Because ...
- Sun, 02:01: A friend & his girl broke up. I know I'm biased to his side, but her views on the breakup make me question his truthfulness a little bit.
- Sun, 02:06: My bleeding heart isn't good for my own sanity.Creating a data visualization is an iterative process. The best visualizations follow a clear plan from start to finish, changing design and layout based on feedback. The details of the visualization should contribute to an overall story that presents the data clearly. It's also important to describe what the data does not say.
This Guide is designed to walk you through the process of visualizing your data step-by-step. Each page of this guide describes one step in the visualization process (illustrated below) and includes:Neil Chilson, tech policy expert at the Charles Koch Institute and former FTC chief technologist, joins Ellysse and Ashley to forecast where the debate surrounding Section 230 is heading and present a vision for the future of content and online speech regulation.
Mentioned
- Neil Chilson, “Statement of Neil Chilson: Section 230 – Nurturing Innovation or Fostering Unaccountability?”, Department of Justice, February 19, 2020.
- Neil Chilson, “Why Joe Biden and Donald Trump are both wrong about Section 230,” Protocol, November 13, 2020.
Audio Transcript
Neil Chilson: It’s not that the words of Section 230 are perfect and sacrosanct, but that the principles that it protects are really important.
Ellysse Dick: Welcome to Ellysse and Ashley Break the Internet, a series where we’re exploring the ins and outs of Section 230, the law from the ’90s that may, or may not, shape the future of the Internet into the future of intermediary liability and Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Joining us, we have Neil Chilson, senior research fellow for technology and innovation at the Charles Koch Institute and former chief technologist of the Federal Trade Commission. Neil has written and spoken extensively on Section 230, and we’re so glad to have him. Welcome to the podcast, Neil.
Neil Chilson: Thank you so much for having me.
Ashley Johnson: To start off, a very general question that will hopefully guide our conversation. The Internet has changed a lot since 1996, and do you think Section 230 has kept up?
Neil Chilson: So the Internet has changed a lot since 1996 and in part, a lot of those changes were made possible by Section 230. Section 230 allowed for the user-generated content platforms that we all use every day. And while the Internet has changed a lot, the basic problem that Section 230 tried to solve, which is called the Moderator’s Dilemma, has not. If anything, it’s gotten worse.
The challenge of content moderation has increased quite a lot since the days of Prodigy and CompuServe. Twitter deals with a volume of content every second that probably dwarfed what Prodigy had in a day, content-wise. And so, I think the volume has changed quite a lot, and the Moderator’s Dilemma has gotten, if anything, worse. And so Section 230 is still a really key part of keeping the user-generated content platforms that we have and enjoy today.
Ashley Johnson: I want to talk about the statement that you gave at the Department of Justice Workshop on Section 230 in February of 2020. You outlined seven key principles for evaluating proposed changes to Section 230, and I’d like to talk about a few of those.
Neil Chilson: Sure.
Ashley Johnson: First you emphasize that intermediary liability laws must not target constitutionally protected speech. Can you give an example of proposed changes that would target constitutionally protected speech and how that would play out?
Neil Chilson: So some of the proposed changes that we’ve seen around political speech that would, say, require a neutral treatment of political speech in order to get the protections of Section 230—political speech is at the heart of free speech, and the ability to associate yourself with political commentary that you support and to disassociate yourself from political commentary that you don't support is a pretty core First Amendment right. And so some of these suggested approaches that would condition Section 230 protections on not being able to do that go pretty much to the heart of the First Amendment protections and raise a lot of constitutional issues. So that might be one example.
Ashley Johnson: And if one of those proposed changes were to be passed into law, do you think that the courts would uphold them or that they would not pass First Amendment scrutiny?
Neil Chilson: Well, I think they would very likely strike down that type of condition, but there are some other types that are even more directly problematic. That one, at least, tries to say, “Hey, we’re just trying to have you be neutral.” But there have been other proposals that would straight out prohibit certain types of speech that are constitutionally protected and those would be much more, even more likely to be struck down.
Ashley Johnson: You have touched on, and you emphasized in your seven principles, that Section 230 does not and should not require neutrality. Do you know where the misconception that Section 230 requires neutrality came from, and why do you think it’s so important that it doesn’t?
Neil Chilson: I’m not really sure about the origin of the idea that Section 230 requires neutrality. I think, if I had to guess, it’s, in part, because a lot of the platforms have long claimed to try to be open to as much speech as possible, and sometimes have couched that in the language of neutrality, and so have set sort of an expectation that people have that has never really been fully true, right? The platforms have never been wide open spaces where people can say whatever they want, in part, because consumers would not like that very much. Users would hate a platform that’s like that, for the most part. There are some places, 8chan, et cetera, that look a little bit more like that, but even they take down content when it’s clearly illegal. And so, I think that I’m not 100 percent sure where that came from, except it’s a sort of convenient way to try to push the platforms in a direction that certain people want.
And what was the second part of your question? I’m sorry.
Ashley Johnson: Why do you think it’s so important that Section 230 does not require neutrality?
Neil Chilson: Well, not only does it not require a neutrality, it’s created to allow people to edit without raising a bunch of risk of spurious litigation. And so a requirement of neutrality, first of all, is very difficult to define, even in a limited space like political neutrality. Things like satire can be very hard to figure out whether it’s criticizing one side or supporting it.
And so enforcing neutrality, requiring neutrality, if there was a law that did that, it’s very hard to pull off just practically. And so the importance of having the ability for platforms to moderate gets back to that Moderator’s Dilemma. They’re trying to create an environment that is supportive for the community of their users. A neutrality requirement would just get in the way of that. If it worked at all, it would turn every platform into the sort of same space, and we wouldn’t have the ability to have different platforms that have different communities and different standards for and purposes for what we want.
So just to take a really extreme example, a requirement of neutrality might say something like, a church website would then have to leave up any posts that had nothing to do, or may even be sort of offensive to, many of the users of that website. If they were to take a First Amendment-style approach to the content, where many things that are distasteful to not just people who might go to church websites, but to probably the average American, are protected by the First Amendment. And so requiring a First Amendment approach or a neutral approach would create websites that are much less friendly to the users of the communities that want to use them.
Ashley Johnson: And are there any other objectives that you think policymakers and other stakeholders should really prioritize when considering amendments or alternatives to Section 230?
Neil Chilson: Well, I think one of the key things is to consider the impact on innovation. In tech policy, that’s always a key consideration because the tech industry moves forward in leaps and bounds in innovation. And the questions around how Section 230 and changes to it would affect not just the largest players, but some of the smaller players, and not just platforms that have users on them that are directly consumer-facing, but other types of Internet services such as caching services or spam-filtering services, I think we have to think really hard about what the impact of the change in how liability works for these types of companies would affect their ability to come up with new services, to come up with things that make consumers better off, and so that’s a key one. I think that’s a really important, critical one.
Ellysse Dick: Great. Well, I think now is the time to start taking a look in our crystal ball and talking about the future of 230. So going off of what you just said, looking into the more immediate future, how would you like to see the Biden administration approach intermediary liability and platform regulation, and specifically, who do you think should be involved in that process, and who should not be involved in that process as far as government actors or other stakeholders?
Neil Chilson: So I wrote a piece for Protocol that digs into Section 230 and talks a little bit about the history and the way that Section 230, in some ways, arguably shortcut an evolutionary common law approach to defamation, and that had some pluses and minuses. But I’ll be the first to say that Section 230 is words written by Congress. It’s not perfect. I think it even has a typo in it, right? And so it’s not that the words of Section 230 are perfect and sacrosanct, but that the principles that it protects are really important and pretty common sense that users, the person who does something bad online, should be the person responsible and not the tool that they use. I would hope that the Biden administration would continue to see the need for that type of common sense approach to liability online.
But more importantly, changes to Section 230, to the extent that they are necessary—and I think there’s some places where we could talk about third-party liability for sales of dangerous objects online—there’s some places to talk about this, and clearly there are harms that can happen that seem unjust or unfair when somebody who’s harmed can’t get at the bad actor who actually did something. There are some things we can talk about, but the people that should be looking at that is Congress. I mean, statutes are written by Congress. Statues should be modified by Congress. The idea that an agency like the Federal Communications Commission, for example, who has never professed to have any authority over Section 230 would go in and essentially correct the courts on what the statute says or how the statute should be interpreted, that’s a bad idea. It’s a dangerous idea. And it also seems unlikely to make any of the people who have been pushing for that in the recent past happy with the results.
It’s just sort of mind-boggling to me that the Trump administration would be pushing this off to an agency that is going to be run by Biden appointees in the near future and would expect that the result would be good for conservatives or for Trump himself. So Congress should work this out. There’s some difficult problems here. Congress is the right place to change the law if the law needs to be changed.
Ellysse Dick: So Section 230 is sort of the hot topic right now, but obviously, it’s not the only topic in tech policy. Do you think there are any lessons we can learn from Section 230 and the surrounding case law that we could apply to some of the other areas of tech policy that are starting to enter the political and legislative conversation?
Neil Chilson: Well, the big one that I’d point the listeners to the Protocol article again, is that Section 230, in many ways, even though it is a statute, it’s had a very evolutionary approach, right? The language, the general principles of Section 230 have been applied, case by case, hundreds of times to different factual situations. And we’ve gotten to see how the law works and how it doesn’t, and the courts have made it work over time. And so it’s been able to adapt to an Internet that has changed quite a lot. It’s been able to still convey those important principles, even though the technology that it’s working on has changed quite a lot.
So I think that idea that incremental case-by-case approaches, even though they’re not these big grand schemes of regulation to solve problems, that they can often keep up with technology better than we might think, in part because you don’t have to predict the future nearly as much. You just have to set the regulatory goal that you’re trying to achieve–in this case, who’s responsible for content and who isn’t–and then see how that works out over time. And there’s always a possibility for Congress to tweak something as it needs to be.
But the chances of a general principle-based approach like Section 230 going out of date is much lower than for some very detailed, specific approach around content moderation or any of the other tech issues that we’re looking at, whether it be antitrust or privacy and maybe data security and some other issues. There’s times when a detail-prescriptive rule can be appropriate when an industry is maybe not as fast moving, and it’s extremely well-understood by the regulator or the legislator. But that’s not really the current condition of the Internet—and that’s to the benefit of consumers, actually, that fast innovation cycle—and so I think we should try to look to regulatory and legislative approaches that continue to enable that type of rapid innovation.
Ellysse Dick: So it’s not just other areas of policy, but there’s also a lot of new emerging technologies that we could talk about. The current debate, obviously, is focused on social media platforms. Do you think there are other emerging technologies that might raise similar concerns or that 230 might apply to in the near or more distant future?
Neil Chilson: I’m not sure that the legal issues are that different for a bunch of these new technologies. Like I was saying, Section 230, because it sets out a sort of general high-level principle has been able to adapt to new technologies. But it will be interesting to see how these issues play out, for example, in virtual reality. Because of the tangibility of a space like that, in some ways there will be additional concerns that will be raised around how people use those tools, how the users use those tools, in ways that could be offensive or perhaps threatening to other users on those platforms, and there will be questions about who should be responsible for that. And I think Section 230 will be an important tool to allow the huge benefits.
And I think this is the thing that I emphasized a lot in my DOJ testimony is the benefits aren’t just to the individual user or to the platforms. What we get with these platforms is the ability to form these small communities that we could never—if we had to run it by Facebook’s lawyers or by the VR platforms’ lawyers, to have a community that talked about, for example, some sort of rare medical issue, that was a support group, these platforms wouldn’t take on that type of liability. It’d be too risky for them to have people providing advice back and forth, even though those types of communities can be very, very helpful and very supportive to people who are going through something that’s unusual, and where they don’t know anybody in real life who’s gone through it.
And so I am excited about the potential of new technologies to allow that type of small communities that address niche problems and niche interests to continue to develop. And I just worry that without Section 230, those types of interactions online would be, if not eliminated completely, they would be much harder to achieve. The legal frictions and the commercial frictions would be much higher.
Ellysse Dick: Definitely. I think that’s a really great point. And Ashley knows that I’m very happy we got a VR plug in there. It’s very important.
So our last question on the future of 230: what would your ideal scenario be for the future of intermediary liability, content moderation, online speech—all of the things that get wrapped up in the 230 debate—and what will it take to get there, if we can at all?
Neil Chilson: I don’t know that there are a ton of changes to Section 230 that are super important to take place. I think there are some edge issues that perhaps Congress could address. I think there are a lot of opportunities for innovation in how content moderation works, however, and in a way that helps diffuse some of the issues, perhaps. Right now, a lot of the approaches to content moderation are very centralized. And if you know anything about me or my past writings, I’m a big fan of decentralized solutions. I’m writing a book, actually, on emergent order right now that’s going to talk a little bit about content moderation.
I think there’s a lot of opportunities for the platforms to look to the communities themselves that are forming on their platforms for guidance on how to do content moderation well. Some of the platforms do this a lot right now already. I mean, Reddit has a really strong role for its participants and its users in self-governance. And I think providing more tools that look like that, I think there’s a big opportunity to increase the responsiveness of content moderation to the needs of users while showing regulators in D.C. that something is being done around content that they’re worried about and that these platforms are still places where people can speak their minds to an audience. Not without consequence, because that’s not the way speech should be. I mean, speech has consequences. If it didn’t, it wouldn’t be very important. So these platforms have been very powerful in letting people speak to audiences. And I think there’s a lot of innovation that can happen around decentralized content moderation that could make that even more powerful.
Ashley Johnson: For our final question that we’re going to ask all of our guests, we want to ask you your verdict on Section 230 overall. Should we keep it, should we amend it, or should we repeal it?
Neil Chilson: We should keep Section 230. Perhaps in an alternate universe where Section 230 wasn’t passed, the courts would have come to something that looks sort of Section 230-ish in First Amendment law. But, I think Professor Goldman has made a good case that, in many ways, Section 230 built on the First Amendment in a way that has really opened up an entirely new way for people to speak to broad audiences without having to go through gatekeepers. And that’s been to the huge benefit of so many people, so many minority or niche ideas. Pluses and minuses to that, but overall Section 230 has been a great boon to a speech online, and in the world that we’re in right now, it makes a ton of sense to keep it around.
Ashley Johnson: Thank you so much. Very well said. Thanks for joining us, Neil.If you want to hear more from Neil, you can follow him on Twitter @neil_chilson. That’s it for this episode. If you liked it, then please be sure to rate us and tell your friends and colleagues to subscribe.
Ellysse Dick: You can find the show notes and sign up for our weekly email newsletter on our website, itif.org. And be sure to follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn at @ITIFdc.
The Ballston Coakley Library Extension is located on the 3rd floor of the Ballston Center. The BCLE is here to provide comparable MU Library services for students, faculty and staff. Resources, services and facilities include textbook and course reserves, online library databases, academic research assistance, group study rooms, and laptops for checkout.
Click the button below to learn more about the Ballston Coakley Library Extension.LibraryWTF INTERNET?!?
This week’s top searches on Vote Simpson/Hemstead.com:
This is the third week in a row that vasectomy has been a major contributor to Simpson/Hemstead’s traffic, and that’s cool, it’s a real thing that people might want information about. And Daniel Radcliffe naken is nearly a thought, if not for the typo, so cool. But what the Boneless Moses is “pointing proud of the brick” and why does it point to my website? And why do people want to see it?
And don’t even get me started on “forbidden chocolate ice cream in a cone.” Okay, I’ve started on it I might as well finish. What the JesuAllaFasa is that? Forbidden ice cream? Is this the Japanese name for 2 Girls, 1 Cup translated back into English? If so, why the hell is it pointing toward my website?
NO! No girls of any quantity interacting with any number of cups on this page. It’s just not going to happen.
But if you want to see Daniel Radcliffe naken….
Posted on February 4, 2011, in America, Forbidden Love, pop culture. Bookmark the permalink. 1 Comment.
I’m watching Naken right now !
while chatting onBetween Chance and Control
Published in the Weekly Volcano, April 2, 2015
The title of the smaller show in the back gallery at Kittredge Gallery is “Between Chance and Control.” That title well describes the main show as well: “Process Drawings; Recent Works by Makato Fujimura.”
I’m tempted to say Fujimura’s drawings are dull, and in a way they are — dull in the sense of being muted. They are called drawings but are paintings in every sense of the word. They are large, wall-hanging pieces in mineral pigments, platinum and gold on Japanese papers. These papers look like canvas and the paintings on them look like paint that is poured, splattered, brushed and dripped on unprimed canvas. It soaks into the surface as in works by Helen Frankenthaler or as in some Jackson Pollocks, and in some instances lies on top like paint on the side of an old barn.
A number of them are in tones of gold and gray on a dark brown surface and look for all the world like James Abbott McNeil Whistler’s “Nocturne in Black and Gold.” Others are in black and gray or tones of blue on off-white paper. These are dreamy and contemplative paintings with spiritual and metaphysical themes that call to mind galaxies in the night sky — or in the case of the black-and-whites, Japanese Sumi paintings, and in the case of the ones in blue, reflections of sky in water.
In a wall statement, the artist writes that his technique “derives from de Kooning’s method of ‘freezing’ the gestures of paint with newsprint.” I’ve looked at works by de Kooning that employ this technique, and for the life of me I can’t imagine any connection to what I see in these paintings.
In the smaller back gallery is a group of works by three former UPS students created at a residency in Leipzig, Germany. The artists are Haley Andres, Abbie Baldwin and Kristan Shuford.
Andres is showing a group of large paintings in oil and watercolor on unstretched canvas that look almost like copies of Fujimura’s drawings but with a little more color. They are cruder in application. Sweeping charcoal or pencil lines give them more definition, as opposed to the mushiness of the poured paint.
Shuford is represented by an installation of two paintings, also on unstretched canvas, and a cardboard sculpture hanging from the ceiling that looks like a Russian constructivist airplane. I like the way the paintings and sculpture work together as a single piece. I just wish the colors weren’t so washed out.
Baldwin is showing a set of wire sculptures that jut out from the wall and look like insect wings.
Like Fujimura’s drawings, all of these are competently executed works but none of them particularly grab me. Perhaps they’ll grab you.
Process Drawings; Recent Works by Makato Fujimura, Monday-Friday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., through March 2, Saturday noon to 5 p.m., Kittredge Gallery, University of Puget Sound, 1500 N. Warner St., Tacoma, 253.879.3701]Released 2 hours ago
Submitted by Green Mountain Energy
HOUSTON, November 16, 2020 / CSRwire / – – The Houston Advanced Research Center (HARC) officially receives Zero Energy status from the International Living Future Institute. This makes the HARC headquarters in The Woodlands the first commercial building in Texas to achieve this feat. Today, 100% of HARC’s annual energy needs are met by renewable energies on site. This is made possible by a grant from the Green Club Energy Sun Club of $ 136,000, which supports the purchase and installation of additional solar modules, associated inverters and hardware on the roof of HARC’s LEED® Platinum building.
Zero energy is recognized worldwide as one of the highest goals for energy efficiency in the built environment. By checking the actual performance data by third parties, the International Living Future Institute has confirmed that the HARC building actually works as it claims and uses energy from the sun, wind or earth to meet the annual net energy demand. HARC’s.”
The HARC building and campus in The Woodlands are 50% more energy efficient compared to LEED® base goals and use several sustainable features in their design. The building’s footprint and impermeable paving are minimized, bioswales housing, and low flow fixtures to save water, while mechanical systems use a geothermal heat exchange system for optimal energy efficiency and indoor air quality . and thermal comfort.
“The Green Mountain Energy Sun Club is honored to be part of HARC’s journey to achieve the highly regarded zero energy status,” said Mark Parsons, vice president and general manager of Green Mountain Energy. “We are committed to helping nonprofits adopt solar and other sustainability initiatives through sustainability grants,.
Via the Houston Advanced Research Center with us via Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook or Twitter. Like or follow @HARCresearch.
About the Green Mountain Energy Sun Club.
About the International Living Future Institute
The International Living Future Institute (ILFI) is a hub for visionary programs. ILFI offers global strategies for sustainable sustainability and works with local communities to develop well-founded and relevant solutions, including green.
Green Mountain Energy
Green Mountain Energy
The Green Mountain Energy Company was founded in 1997 with the aim of changing the way electricity is generated. Today we are 100% committed to this mission that will make us the longest-serving renewable energy retailer and the clean energy pioneer. We offer our customers electricity products made from renewable raw materials such as wind, solar and CO2 compensation, which help neutralize CO2 emissions.
We live our commitment to sustainability internally and externally: Every single product offered by our company has an ecological benefit, and our company works with a CO2-free footprint – awards that make us proud!
More from Green Mountain EnergyI’ve been thinking about doing a series like this for a while now. I don’t know why I didn’t start it sooner, really. I LOVE food and I love exploring new restaurants. It should have been a no-brainer, right?! I mean, that’s even one of my favorite things to do when I’m traveling is to find a new restaurant to try!
I’m excited to start Foodie Friday! With these posts, I’ll be sharing images from a local restaurant along with some information on why I think you should visit!!
I visited these guys earlier this week and brought my sister along as well! She had never been and was super impressed! We both enjoyed the Hibachi Chicken! The portions were generous and the time it took to receive our food was super quick!
If you’re in the Fan of Richmond and looking for a yummy place to dine, Hibachi Box won’t disappoint. 🙂
What I love about this place is that they care about their customers and make them feel like family! Go check them out and lemme know what you think! 🙂
I love the unique touches of their restaurant! They really give it a lot of character!
You know I love all these fun colors! 🙂
YUUUMMM!!!!! Sorry if this made you hungry! Go get some and satisfy that hunger! 😉 Thanks, Amanda, for being an awesome hand model! 😉
One CommentSam Worthington is an Australian actor who was born in the United Kingdom. Sam acquired international recognition after his appearances in the series Avatar where he played the role of Jake Sully. He also appeared in other hit films including Clash of the Titans, and Terminator Salvation. Sam also lent his voice as the protagonist in the video games Call of Duty: Black Ops, Call of Duty: Black Ops11, and Call of Duty: Black Ops 4.
Well, how well do you know about Sam Worthington? If not much, we have compiled all you need to know about Sam Worthington’s net worth in 2021, his age, height, weight, wife, kids, biography and complete details about his life. Well, if you’re all set, here is what we know about Sam Worthington to date.
Biography and Early Life
Samuel was born in Godalming, South East England to English parents Jeanne and Ronald Worthington. His mother was a housewife while his father worked at a power plant. When he was six months old his family relocated to Perth, Western Australia. After dropping out of college his father gave him $400, sending him on a one-way trip to Cairns, and told him to work his way home. He ended up doing odd jobs and eventually auditioned for the National Institute of Dramatic Art and he got a scholarship.
Age, Height, Weight & Body Measurement
So, how old is Sam Worthington in 2021 and what is his height and weight? Well, Sam Worthington’s age is 45 years old as of today’s date 27th November 2021 having been born on 2 August 1976. Though, he is 5′ 10″ in feet and inches and 178 cm in Centimetres tall, he weighs about 176lbs in Pound and 80kg in Kilograms.
Education
Sam attained his education from John Curtin College of the Arts. The school which is located in Fremantle, Western Australia specializes in dramatic arts. Sam did not graduate from the institution and this did not sit well with his father who sent him on a one-way trip to Queensland. After settling in Disney, Sam got a scholarship from the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) where he continues with his studies.
Personal Life: Dating, Girlfriends, Wife, Kids
In 2013 there were rumors that Sam was in a relationship with a fellow Australian actress Lara Bingle. He came out to confirm the rumors on 18 October the same year. They got married in December 2014 and since then they have been blessed with three children.
Is Sam Worthington Gay?
Worthington is not gay when it comes to his sexual orientation. He has been married for several years now and he also is a father to three children. The guy has been straight for as long as we know and there is no controversy or gossips on him on this area.
Professional Career
The professional career of Sam began in 2000 when he got a small role in the dance film Bootmen. He then got a lead role in the comedy Getting’ Square, which was a low-budget film. In 2004 he got a major role in the film by the title of Somersault which was followed by another lead role in 2006 in the film Macbeth. Apart from films he also appeared in television series like Love My Way which was well-received.
After starting his career in Australia he thought of trying out in Hollywood and he starting going for auditions. His first role came in 2005 in a television series called The Great Raid. The series was filmed in Australia and he had minor roles.
Worthington played the character of a cyborg by the name of Marcus Wright in the popular film Terminator Salvation. His next project was the science-fiction film Avatar where he played Jake Sully. This film was a big hit and it became the highest-grossing film.
Other roles that followed were in Clash of the Titans, Wrath of the Titans, Man on the Ledge, Fractured, and the series Manhunt: Unabomber. He also lent his voice in the video game Call of Duty: Black Ops, Call of Duty: Black 11, and 4
Awards
There are several awards that have been won by Worthington over the years and some of them are as follows. Teen Choice Award, ShoWest Award, FCCA Award, AFI Award, Empire Award, and the Saturn Award. He has also been nominated for MTV Movie Award and the AFI Award.
Net Worth, Salary & Earnings of Sam Worthington in ’2021’
Sam Worthington has been an actor for many years now and in that time ha has made wealth worth $40 million as of 2021. At some point in his career, he encountered financial difficulties to an extent that he did not have a place to sleep and he was sleeping in his car. He was able to bounce back and stabilized his life. He was able to get back his footing through his acting career and that is what has made him what he is today.
Sam is an Australian actor whose career began in his motherland before he spread his wings to other parts. He eventually landed in Hollywood and he was able to compete for top projects just like those who are from the United States. Over the years he has been able to get big roles both in films and in television series. As of now he has several upcoming projects and his star continues to shine brighter.When you’re thinking about redoing the floors in your Missoula home, you may feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices. However, there are several benefits to choosing hardwood flooring, aside from the natural beauty of woods such as birch and fir. These are three great reasons to install hardwood:
Universal Appeal
Floors made from natural wood are always in style. Even if you decide to update the look of a room in your home, your wood floors will still lend themselves to your chosen decor style. Whether your style is rustic, elegant, modern, bohemian or minimalist, a wood floor can adapt with its timeless appearance.
Make Cleaning Easy
Instead of lugging out a vacuum cleaner, you only need a lightweight broom and mop to keep your hardwood flooring clean and well-maintained. Because wood doesn’t offer as many small spaces for dust and allergens to settle into, it’s easier to get a thorough clean with less effort. This can reduce allergies and maintain good air quality in your home.
Improve Your Home’s Value
In many cases, installing hardwood floors like tamarack (larch) can increase the value of your home. They’re an investment that will look good and perform well for years to come. Keep them shining like new with regular maintenance, and be sure to consult your local flooring professional if concerns arise.
Thinking About Installing Hardwood Flooring in Missoula?
As a family-owned business operating our own mill, the team at Smiley Wood Flooring is uniquely positioned to offer clients a combination of service and selection that’s second to none. Our clients include homeowners and commercial contractors who seek only the best flooring across cut styles. We are proud to serve our local community and customers across North America. When you’re ready to see for yourself the benefits of hardwood flooring in your Missoula home, contact us for more information, including special offers.
Appealing Hardwood Flooring Choices in Missoula
Serving Spokane, Wenatchee, Yakima, Kennewick, Lewiston, Kalispell, Missoula & All of North America
Posted on May 13, 2021 | Published by Ignite Local | Related Local BusinessTechnology in the 1970s – 1990s made it easy to buy the same quality hamburger at any McDonald’s for an affordable price. Technology in the 2010s is making it easier to find recipes and buy ingredients, based on your personal preferences. Yet, it’s much easier to put a price tag on a physical product, forcing startups in this space to find new ways of monetizing information.
Grocery list and recipe search startup Ziplist is designed to do just that. The startup uses a cadre of advanced technologies to make shopping and marketing easier and personalized, including natural language processing, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and pattern recognition.
There are a number of shopping list apps on the market, however unlike most sites, Ziplist does not aspire to be a destination site. ZipList starts with the fundamental needs of their users – the ability to access recipes and shopping lists wherever they are and through a variety of platforms or mobile devices. The service can also be accessed by email and text message, making the barrier to entry low for those less technologically inclined.
For publishers, their value proposition is equally as strong. Ziplist creates new opportunities for consumer engagement, extending content relevance, accessibility, and ultimately usefulness beyond the publishers own platform. As users save recipes, Ziplist is able to provide publishers with data about the popularity of their content.
With rich cross-platform data about a users interests and purchasing intent (including historical data) Ziplist could offer a trove of helpful insights for advertisers. For bloggers, Ziplist’s WordPress recipe plugin seems to be a no brainer, as it helps them easily format their recipes in the structured hRecipe format used by Google and Bing to search for recipe content.
Ziplist is well positioned to rapidly increase user acquisition based on the accessibility of their tools across multiple platforms and devices, intuitive design, and compelling partner incentives. Profitability, however, is less certain as it is contingent on how valuable their data is to publishers and advertisers. Is information about purchasing intent and content popularity enough? Competition is steep in the Consumer Product Good advertising and market research spaces. There are also a number of startups looking to monetize their platforms through targeted coupons and deals. It will definitely be interesting to see how Ziplist fares as they begin focusing more aggressively on monetization.
Read my interview with Ziplist CEO Geoff Allen for an inside look at the secret sauce that makes Ziplist worth keeping a close eye on.
_________________________
DG: Why do grocery shopping lists and recipe management need to be innovated?
GA: The fundamental problem with existing web and mobile shopping list and recipe solutions is the degree of fragmentation and isolation. Our view is that in order for them to be useful to the point where people depend on them every day, they need to be wherever users are, via whatever method they want. Nobody maintains five shopping lists and five recipe boxes in the real world, so why would they want to maintain a different list and recipe box on every site or mobile app they use? They don’t. In order to be truly useful, people must always be able to access their list and recipe box, whether they are using ZipList products or any of our many partners’ websites or mobile apps.
DG: How does Ziplist work?
GA: ZipList is a universal platform that provides the ability for users to interact with their shopping lists, checklists and recipes from any property that is using our technologies. They can interact with ZipList via ZipList.com, ZipList’s iPhone and Android apps, partner versions of ZipList embedded on their sites, our partners’ iPhone and Android apps, via email, text messages, QR codes, our add-to-ziplist buttons (on any of the 1,800 food related web sites that have embedded our add-to-ZipList buttons), or on over 50 of the most popular recipe web sites using our Web recipe clipper bookmarklet.
Multiple lists can be created by the user, both shared and personal, and items can be added simply by typing them in natural language, by scanning barcodes, automatically adding recipe ingredients from recipes or items from checklists. It has many additional capabilities such as assigning stores to items, marking items as important, adding notes and coupon information, allowing users to organize their items by category and aisle order for each store, and much more.
DG: How do you link the actual purchase of an ingredient with recipes?
GA: Recipe ingredients are automatically added to shopping lists. We also have intelligent algorithms that recognize common pantry elements that you likely have so they are not always added to your list, which can be quite annoying. Who needs to constantly purchase ½ teaspoon of salt? We can infer when items are actually purchased with a high degree of accuracy based on a number of factors such as frequency of adding and deleting items, consistency, likely purchase windows and the user’s geographic proximity to a known grocery store when using any of our mobile apps.
DG: Could you describe how your algorithms identify purchase intent and what you do with that data?
GA: Much like how we link the likely purchase of items added to lists as discussed above, we can recognize not only natural language entries by users and classify them, but we have millions and millions of historical data points on list transactions. These list transactions come from the user manually adding items, bar code scanning and recipe ingredients and checklist items being added to lists. Our recognition and classification algorithms, which are based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, pattern recognition and the like are data mined to provide very accurate projections of future purchase intent. We use the results of this analysis to personalize the user’s experience – initially to provide enhanced recipe search results by factoring in existing recipe and shopping list behavior, as well as suggesting items you may need to purchase based on frequency and behavior of both the individual user as well as our user base as a whole. In the future we intend to use this data to provide the most relevant offers, coupons and promotions in the industry, because it is based entirely on what the user expressly purchased in the past (as well as users that are similar to them).
DG: What is your business model?
GA: Our model is around helping people buy the things they want. When somebody needs something, they put it on a list. When they want to find a recipe, they save it and add ingredients to a list. By doing this we generate additional web and mobile engagement for our partners (we also create new ad inventory with transactional value — not just page views) which gives us the ability to offer more personalized, relevant advertisements and offers to consumers. We can do this because we have a full picture of what they are purchasing across a broad variety of web and mobile properties, which is totally unique in the industry. There is no better indication of purchase intent that a user putting something on a shopping list, and the ad inventory we create by helping consumers do this is quite attractive to advertisers.
DG: How many major media partners are you working with and what does the partnership entail?
GA: We currently have over 40 partners that are live with our full solution, including major media brands, celebrity chefs and food bloggers. We have nearly the same number coming online over the next few months, with more requests coming in daily. We also have over 1,800 food blogs that are using our recipe box and shopping list plugin. Stay tuned for some additional announcements of other major national media brands as well, and not just on the web.
DG: What is your value proposition for media partners and bloggers?
GA: There has never been more inspiring recipe and food related content available than there is now. But the problem is that after the consumer is inspired to make a recipe, the providers don’t actually help them take action on it…they are kind of on their own. Even when the partner has a shopping list or recipe box, they are isolated to only their property, so they don’t get used in volume by their users. After all, how often to you sign on to a food site’s shopping list to add batteries and Tylenol to your list? We provide our media partners and bloggers with a best-in-class list and recipe box platform that is universally available to their audience, which is why it actually gets used. In addition to providing their audience with a more helpful, engaging experience, they also learn valuable information about the popularity of their content, the frequency of its use, and participate in a revenue share based on the capabilities that are powered by ZipList.
DG: You recently launched a Text-to-Recipe feature with Chef Ming Tsai. How does the feature work? What kind of usage are you seeing?
GA: One of the things that is so great about our text-to-RECIPE capability is that it is so simple. As a user is watching a food related television show that features a recipe, if they are inspired to make it, then there is an enormous amount of effort required to actually get that food on their kitchen table. The user has to remember the recipe name, go to the show’s web site, locate it, then save or print it. Moreover, if they are not a registered user of that site, they often have to go through a lengthy registration process, and remember yet another login and password. We have hard data from many media partners that there is lower than desired response from their TV shows and the abandonment rate on the registration screens is much higher than they want.
Using our Text-to-RECIPE, the TV show simply displays a graphic at the bottom of the screen saying something like Text MING901 to RECIPE (732473) to save this recipe. MING901 is a keyword (Ming Season 9, recipe 1) ,which is linked to the recipe, and we automatically create an account for the user based on their phone number (if they don’t already have an account). We return a shortened URL to their phone, which they can either click on if they have a smartphone, or visit on the web if not – which takes them to either the media provider’s version of ZipList or ZipList.com, whichever our partner prefers. If the user is not registered, they simply have to provide the an email or any popular social sign in like Facebook or Twitter to access their personal recipe box – no long, tedious registration form that is so common on most sites. And the next time they use Text-to-RECIPE, they don’t have to log in again, not only on the TV show’s site, but for any other partner using ZipList’s technology. It’s totally seamless and takes only a few seconds.
While Ming’s show has only run for a few days and in limited markets (each PBS affiliate controls when they run programs), we are excited to see it is being used. Once we have a statistically relevant period of data, we’ll be in a position to provide more specific data.
DG: What are the most interesting and/or unexpected things you’ve learned?
GA: We were absolutely stunned at the current low level of utilization of recipe boxes and shopping lists on websites and apps from major media providers, CPG brands and retailers. There are two reasons for this – their capabilities are typically not very deep, but more important they suffer from the fundamental problem ZipList was designed to solve – that their lists and recipe box exist on an island. While we assumed that was true, the data was overwhelming.
The second thing that his been quite unexpected, has been the enormous growth of our WordPress recipe plugin. It provides the simplest possible way for bloggers to format their recipes in a database-driven, structured hRecipe format – which is more important than ever now since both Google and Bing have adopted hRecipe as a major influencer to increase SEO value. Our plugin also automatically adds ZipList’s recipe box and shopping list capabilities to their blogs, which further increases the value they provide to their audience and keeps their brand in from of their users even after they exit their site. In just the last few months, we have had over 1,800 downloads, are averaging over 20 new downloads per day, and are getting multiple new partner inquiries each day requesting to embed our full ZipList shopping list and recipe box functionality on their sites.
DG: What are the greatest challenges you’ve faced?
GA: There were two real challenges. One was to build out the most sophisticated list, recipe box and checklists platform in the industry, which enables cross platform access via web, mobile web, iPhone and Android apps, partner apps, partner web sites, partner buttons, QR codes, text shortcodes, email, instant messages and email. And to do that using a single universal user account using any of the following methods: email address, site-specific user accounts, social sign on and phone numbers. And lastly, to do that both within our ZipList brand as well as fully within our partners’ brands. This was an enormous engineering effort that took over 18 months.
That all sits upon a sophisticated set of algorithms that identify the actual shopping item from natural language entries, bar code scans, recipe ingredients and checklist ingredients, which are completely unstructured. This is our secret sauce — being able to accurately identify and classify list items, which lets us provide personalized recommendations for recipes and checklists, suggest needed items on the user’s lists and ultimately provide the most relevant offers, coupons and promotions to our users based on known purchase behavior. There is no better offer to a consumer than for something we know they are interested in (and also knowing when they are interested in it).
Secondly, there was the emotional and philosophical challenge to our earliest partners to understand that they could never truly “win” with the consumer and gain strong usage and adoption of their own lists and recipe boxes, because we demonstrated that users don’t use five different lists and recipe boxes on the web. This required a thought change for them to relinquish the list to the user. Even though that was required to be successful, they had always assumed that was part of their value prop. But once they understood that they could only accomplish their goals by solving the consumer’s problem on a single place that is about them, the adoption of our platform has grown dramatically. Each new partner is now seeing the huge value of the breadth of our network, because as more sites and apps use our platform, it becomes that much more valuable both to the user and the partner alike. It is a classic network effect.Award Information
Description of original award (Fiscal Year 2010, $323,074) Gang Prevention Through Targeted Outreach program directs at-risk youth, ages six to 18, to positive activities offered by Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia (BGCP). Through a referral network that links clubs to courts, police, schools, social service and community organizations, and through direct outreach, youth are recruited and placed in club programs as a diversion from gang activity. Youth participate in a variety of activities including sports, technology and career preparation. Goals for the project include the following: at least 200 youth will be recruited to attend four clubs located in economically disadvantaged neighborhoods with high crime, drug and gang activity; at least 160 youth will continue participation in club programs 18 months after intake; at least 50% of youth will improve school performance; and new juvenile justice system involvement will be discouraged in at least 50% of youth. BGCP will track youth progress using a gang prevention case management system created by Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Quarterly summaries of youth participation and an annual report on the project's success will be created. Specific outcomes will be measured using a BGCP system that administers surveys of youth, staff and parents to assess progress. CA/NCFTHE JUNCTION/ SLAVES OF THE SWORD
[] (three stars)
The ruins of war. Combined running time: 108 minutes. Not rated (violence). At Anthology Film Archives, Second Avenue and Second Street.
—-
THE title of Ilan Ziv’s emotion-filled documentary “The Junction” refers to an obscure Gaza Strip crossroads between Netzarin, an Israeli settlement, and Nusseirat, a Palestinian refugee camp.
It’s there that the second Palestinian intifada (uprising) began in September 2000.
A soldier named David Biri was the first Israeli to die, and Fahmi Abou Ammouneh became the first resident of Nusseirat to perish.
Ziv tracks down friends and relatives of each victim, giving them the chance to vent their feelings.
“I see him wherever I go,” says Fahmi’s sobbing mother of her “martyr” son.
David’s father allows Ziv inside his son’s room, dominated by a poster from Stanley Kubrick’s “A Clockwork Orange.”
The room is just as David left it. “I do not think that we would ever dare touch it,” his father confesses.
Most telling, perhaps, is the junction itself. Once filled with houses and orange groves, it is now no more than dusty rubble.
“The Junction” is being shown with Paul Jenkins’ “Slaves of the Sword: Ariel Sharon,” which tracks the career ups and downs of Israel’s controversial prime minister.01 Feb Thursday, February 2nd, 2017
Posted at 20:00h in CrossFit, WOD 0 Comments
Running work: 800 meters-600 meters-400 meters-200 meters (rest 90 seconds between each run). Score is total time including rest.
Workout of the Day:
“The Fittest Games Clean Streak”
For time (5 minute time cap):
25 meter sprint
4 clean reps
50 meter sprint
3 clean reps
50 meter sprint
2 clean reps
50 meter sprint
1 clean rep
25 meter sprint
-All cleans must be full squat clean. A power clean to a front squat is not allowed.
Pro: 275/185, Masters 35-39: 255/165, Masters 40-44: 245/145, Intermediate: 225/125, Scaled: 185/105About this event
Join us for fun and lots of chocolate themed activities aimed at children of all ages.. There will be Chocolate lolly decorating, Chocolate Pizza making, a bouncy castle, facepainting with some other activities.. There will also be some local independent traders who will be selling an array of childrens items.Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
Session expired Please log in again. The login page will open in a new tab. After visiting you can close it and go back to this page.
” Seriously effective company on here, and it’s good for selling along with lead generation. Pros: Funnels involve numerous moving parts, pages, and pieces.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
You can quickly set up funnels for specific markets, connecting them together and tracking in a way that’s visual (not Kanban, but close) and easy to understand. Rather of complex interfaces, you have an easy action by step way to get things going rapidly. As a skilled user, I was impressed by the value this delivers for individuals no matter ability set.
Couple of complicated initially.
A wider choice enhanced landing pages and sales funnels. This effective tool is jam-packed loaded with features and performance, showing everything you need to promote, sell, and deliver your product or services. However Clickfunnels likewise includes a large cost.
We discuss what you can achieve services, start-ups, and entrepreneurs alike. Whatever your goals, whether you are looking to gather appearance more in-depth at the essential features of this platform Clickfunnels Includes Clickfunnels is packed filled with impressive features and tools to ensure you can quickly and easily create gorgeous, high converting and functional sales funnels.
As part of the service, Clickfunnels looks after all security and maintenance concerns, making sure that your websites load quickly and suffer very little downtime. Predefined Sales Funnels Clickfunnels is a landing page builder that supplies a number of predefined sales funnels for you to select from. These have actually been categorized into markets in addition to according to the objective they have been produced to achieve.
You can likewise create customized sales funnels, catering specifically for your private online objectives. Design templates Clickfunnels has a library of complimentary and premium landing page templates for you to pick from. These landing pages are all fully optimized and developed to transform, ensuring they engage with your users and help you achieve your goals.
Drag and Drop Editor Sales funnels are very easy to create numerous Google typefaces for your content and headings, change the color, alter the size, and more. Background Select background colors, images, or videos for your sales funnels. Types Within the editor, you can include a number of sophisticated form types to your funnels.|
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
Custom CSS For those of you positive with coding, you can add your own custom CSS designs to your page (this isn’t necessary however a nice additional for those who want it). As you can see, the Clickfunnels editor offers much in the method of usability, tools, and functions, guaranteeing that, you develop stunning and extremely converting many payment gateways including choosing Backpack to create your affiliate program Style your own customized affiliate strategies. Develop offer access to your membership site, or premium material locations. A membership funnel starts with the promoting of your website, showing leading material and explaining why users require customers on a personal level.
A/b screening is crucial to understand what works and what does not. Basically any element of a funnel can be split tested, comprehend what your consumers are reacting too, and help you prepare modifications and enhancements for future funnels.
Support and Documents Clickfunnels provides excellent support for their users in the kind of a comprehensive understanding base. This knowledge base is effectively laid out and organized, allowing you to rapidly discover the assistance documents you need. In addition to the understanding base, throughout the Clickfunnels dashboard there is a broad selection of aid videos and descriptions, sharing finest practices, explanations of tools, and top pointers for utilizing the various Clickfunnels features.
A Neighborhood assistance forum, found via the understanding base, assists users link and discuss any problems, questions, or inquiries. The Clickfunnels Facebook page, which is presently followed by nearly 200,000 people, is also another terrific place appearance at the Clickfunnels user experience Starting with Clickfunnels Before you get going with Clickfunnels it deserves benefiting from their 14-day totally free trial. To do so you will need on your avatar in the top right-hand corner of the screen, and then select Account Details. Here you can configure a number of settings including Profile Edit your image, email address, password, and other personal info.|
The third-party integration options will then be displayed in alphabetical order for you to select from. There are 3 key gateway alternatives to choose from (Strike, Pay Pal, Infusion Soft, etc). Make certain you are clear on the terms, conditions, and fees of your payment provider prior to established. Outgoing SMPT This is the system Clickfunnels utilizes to send transactional emails, like invoices and shipping notifications.
To integrate any of these third-party services, just click the application, then follow the install guidelines. For each process, Clickfunnels offers assistance product, so if you aren’t sure on a combination set-up, have a look at the knowledge base. Domain Before you produce any sales page/ sales funnels it is also essential to establish your domain.
You can then pick to Add Your own Domain Easily include a domain or subdomain that you currently own, or buy one from an excellent domain registrar. Whether you are linking + Brand-new Funnel.
Clickfunnels has then presented me with the leading pre-defined funnels that match my specs Once.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
There are both complimentary and exceptional templates, which can be seen before you decide.. Introduce Checklist Inspect what steps need finishing prior to introducing your funnel. Automation Send emails or SMS messages to new contacts. Contacts View tailor, along with select from pre-made areas. Elements Drag and drop pre-made components onto your funnel from the Aspects tab. Include types, media, content blocks, and much more. All aspects can be drag and dropped around the page, and settings can be changed by clicking directly onto the specific aspect that you wish to modify.
To do so, choose Settings Combinations, and then select your SMPT service from the drop-down menu. Take your time familiarizing yourself with the Clickfunnels Editor, then customize your funnel to your exact specifications. Sending out E-mails Sending out outbound emails via your Clickfunnels is likewise fast and simple to set up. This can be done one of 2 methods Actionetics This premium service will enable you to develop email campaigns, email lists, action and follow-up funnels, and much more.
Merely select Automation tab, then Add New Email to create the email and set up the settings Publishing Your funnel must now be total and prepared to share. Open your funnel’s URL to examine that you enjoy with the look of your funnel, and notably test that it works. Clickfunnels then makes it extremely easy to share your brand-new funnel on your social media channels.
And due to the many features and tools offered, you can truly develop special and professional funnels, customized to the needs and objectives of your organisation. So how much will this service offers you endless access to all the Clickfunnels functions, and enables feature of their affiliate platform is that they offer their affiliates with whatever they could potentially require to successfully promote Clickfunnels. These range from banners advertisements, pre-written e-mail campaigns company. Loaded filled satisfaction Video Technical information Support details Clickfunnels is an online sales funnel builder that assists services market, sell, and provide their products online. This tool streamlines online marketing, selling, and delivery of their items and services by offering users with funnel options that are pre-built for a particular service, item, or service.
Traditional online funneling means you require to handle website hosting, landing pages, email autoresponders, and more and have them all operate in unison. It’s all effort but traditional sales funnels are time intensive and very pricey. Clickfunnels includes all these and more, using them in a thorough, unified plan so you will not have to handle them one by one.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
Click Funnels is a popular sales funnel tool that streamlines the entire sales and marketing funnels for all types of services. There are various might be comparable in regards to them trying to make a sale, however they need to be handled differently.
Once you have picked your funnel, you need to have a template. With Click Funnels, you are dealt with to a range of templates and all of them are checked and shown to work. With a throng of tested and tested templates at your disposal, Click Funnels accelerates your A/B testing stage due to the fact that you do not need to weed out design templates that are not performing.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March useful they stay away from opting for a one-size-fits-all, “finest” software application option.
The effective thing to do would be to shortlist the different essential functions that require research consisting of major functions, strategies, technical ability aptitude of staff, organizational size, and so on. The second action is, you ought to double down on the research adequately. Browse through some of these Click Funnels analyses and inspect each of the services in your list in detail.
Position of Click Funnels in our primary classifications: If you have an interest in Click Funnels it may also be an excellent concept to evaluate other subcategories of Sales Software application listed in our database of Saa S software reviews. It is important to realize that practically no software in the Sales Software application category is a perfect option that can satisfy all the goals of all company types, sizes and industries.
Others can operate with an intention of being easy and user-friendly and as a result lack advanced components needed by more experienced users. You can likewise discover services that cater to a large group of clients and provide you an abundant feature toolbox, however this in many cases comes at a higher price of such a software.|
The information is then presented in a simple to digest form demonstrating how many individuals had favorable and negative experience with Click Funnels. With that details at hand you should be geared up to make an informed buying decision that you will not be sorry for. Devices Supported Release Rates Model Customer Types Small Service Large Enterprises Medium Organisation run perfectly.
The platform uses a fully working shopping cart in addition to checkout tools that will allow you to create discount coupon codes and provide discount rates in order to improve conversions. And a lot more, the interface permits startups. Much more, with a cost of $699 and more, it is not cost-efficient for business who are working with a limited marketing budget plan. So while Click Funnels is not a precise reproduction of Infusionsoft that would change its’ usage for business and medium-sized services, Click Funnels is inexpensive, highly practical deals a wide variety of tools that are shown on a smooth dashboard gurus who has the uncommon capability to utilize marketing analytics to develop a thoroughly developed, high-converting sales campaign- and then additional as one of the industry’s top professionals. Who Owns Click Funnels to use Click Funnels Click Funnels offer a guided procedure for consumers to be introduced to your item and business while delivering marketing materials that transforms possible clients into interested leads that choose do not get too excited right now.
What this implies is somebody has actually created a funnnel and they have actually decided to share it with you. While this sounds great in theory, you can only modify the funnel they give you. It is an exceptionally restricted plan. thrilled about your role as an entrepreneur.|
What Is Funnelflix So what is funnel flix This is a stated what if we might brainstorm a method day on their websites therefore Coupon What if I informed you a way that you could save $47 per month from the Etison suite I’m sure that’s something you would have an interest in. Well its quite simple, all you need to do is to buy Funnel Home builder Tricks for 12 months.
The very best offer is the 12 month option. Never pay full price for a sales funnel builder again!Clickfunnels FAQWe have actually put together comes from hiring new member and the revenues essentially come from those new members that sign up.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
A 2nd problem cash is not only utilized to pay these workers in areas such as support, research study & advancement and style but identify occurred and now handles to market itself just by existing. It has extremely competitive rates, produced an extremely competitive market for online marketers to sell the item and create the very best, trustworthy and as much as date reviews to catch the attention of potential consumers.
Normally a CRM will have have all the information of your consumer on file, just how much each client spends with your service, purchasing choice when picking the very best sales funnel software application. Can I Use.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
How Is The Support We have personally discovered that Clickfunnels support is a little sluggish. This is nevertheless not really that much of an issue as the software application is easy to utilize, and it is method quicker to get support from among the numerous Clickfunnels facebook groups. Just recently they have employed some more assistance staff so client service will be increasing.
This shouldn’t be an acquiring decision as its actually simple to use and is generally not needed anyhow. They likewise have just recently been dealing with their own guides to help you. This is simply one method they are still pushing their brand forward and making their sales funnel contractor software much better!.
They truly do give 2nd Clickfunnels rival. While Leadpages does mainly the very same thing as Clickfunnels, we find the function set rather doing not have. They are better on pricing nevertheless. We have a full compose up on Leadpages VS Clickfunnels you can read here. Grow Themes If you are searching for a more custom technique, Grow Themes is going to be your landing page tool of choice.
This is finest left to expert site contractors. Have a look at our full Thrive Themes evaluation intends for all kind of service specific requirements of the user. You are provided a vast array of pre-built funnels to pick from.|
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March
Conserve Money and Time Click Funnels permits you to save money, Online marketing Click Funnels is very valuable when it concerns selling, marketing or providing items and services online. It is also best platform for gathering sales and market leads. Manage Your Sales The software application helps you promote and develop your consumer base throughout the world by supplying physical or digital items or services.
Basic and Quality Web creating Click Funnels removes the need for numerous other service entities and third parties to integrate with your site. It allows you to develop, establish and produce also have a full book on split testing called 108 Proven Split Test Winners. With evaluated and shown templates available, the platform speeds your A/B screening phase as you do not need to waste time extracting templates that aren’t carrying out.
We would like to speak with you!It Focuses on Lots of Areas Click Funnels uses a varied variety of functions. Therefore, it doesn’t master one single classification as it is created to handle every single element of your sales process. Not That Much Personalization Although Click Funnels assists you develop easy landing pages, it lacks the level of personalization used by Lead Pages home builder.
Who Utilizes Clickfunnels What is Clickfunnels and who utilizes it. The platform is ideal for anybody seeking to offer products online. There are many kinds of internet marketers, various specific niches and items. Click Funnels is particularly developed to help you sell your items or services, no matter who your audience is.
But it does not stop there. You can develop a subscription site, collect emails and offer items. A lot of online companies will certainly love the various funnels this platform needs to offer. Here are a few of the leading products you can sell according to the Click Funnels landing page: Details E-Commerce Retail Services Organisation 2 Service Webinars Membership Websites Really it all boils down to how imaginative you are.
It truly depends. But dependable software application that permits you develop landing pages, sales pages inside the sales funnels that people have to navigate offers much more than landing page production, Click Funnels can do more.
When a consumer makes a purchase from Amazon by way of an affiliate marketer, they end up being a customer of Amazon- not the marketer. By utilizing landing pages, they can collect their customer’s contact details, collect purchase information to supply analytics, produce subscription plans to produce passive income and follow up with purchasers with e-mail projects readily available to increase conversions and sales, Click Funnels uses an informative and actionable way to develop several affiliate marketing campaigns and automate the majority very effective to utilize helpful messages to attract leads. Landing pages will not only help to market your message to the best consumers, however it makes the process easy. As soon as you have actually leads accumulated, Click Funnels has tools that enable users to support each of the individual leads to that you can continually feed extra helpful messages in order to transform leads into engaging clients.
Usa Voucher Code Clickfunnels March needed, most customers are in a rush to discover an attorney quickly, so they utilize online search engine to browse for a few attorneys, completed a few contact forms, then await the phone to ring. In a lot of cases, the first lawyer to return their telephone call is the lawyer that gets hired.
And because there are some cases where a person winds up searching for another lawyer after choosing that their very first contact might not provide what they require, you want to be next in line, prepared to secure their organisation. Click Funnels permits legal representatives to release numerous landing pages in numerous locations online so that their marketing products can be discovered easily.
And when following up with them, the Click Funnels platform permits you to set up autoresponders that ensure that responses are sent right away after the contact type has been completed. Additionally, leads are nurtured and qualified through the sales funnels. Since you can customize landing pages to be utilized as client consumption enables you to determine what may be turning potential clients away, and after that make modifications in order to boost the efficiency of your campaign. After a while, you will have tweak your sales funnel so that your conversions are made the most of and your circulation of clients is constant and steady.
Let’s Work Together!Whether you’re looking for assistance with method, website design, social media,, car responder, e-mail service and a lot more.}Moderators Overland Posted January 11, 2017 Moderators Share Posted January 11, 2017 We're scheduled for a Feb start and early May delivery for our Elite II. Finally. Hopefully, we'll have a tow vehicle by then. We've ordered a Ford Raptor, so the delivery date is a mystery, but mid-April is my best guess. Snowball is her working title, chosen mainly because this whole project began with wanting a Jeep and a little tent trailer, but kept/keeps growing and growing. Also, I believe it will be white. In the end, we'll call it "The Trailer", which is perhaps less interesting but we've never been into naming vehicles. Twin bed model, but we'll use their sofa-type cushions rather than mattresses, and we've asked Oliver to create a small version of the dining table that will work in combination with the nightstand. Hopefully that will make for the best of both worlds for us. We're talking with Oliver about options for the electrical system and solar, suspension modifications, and a healthy handful of smaller modifications that I'm sure are driving them nuts. We're still working on the final specs and pricing, so the construction dates could slip, depending on how it all comes together - but if we can tie it all together before the first week of February, we'll at least get started on schedule. I'll try to make some more detailed posts about what we're doing, once we figure out exactly what that is. 1Cody, Wyoming’s Veterans Park has a new feature honoring military K9’s and their handlers.
The War Dog Monument was unveiled Saturday after months of work by sculptor John Phelps. Phelps is a Dubois-area native but has recently moved to Cody. He’s also the father of Chance Phelps, a United States Marine who died while serving in Iraq. Chance’s story inspired the movie, ‘Taking Chance.’
Phelps along with Cody’s Veterans Park Foundation members, a local VFW color guard, United States Senator John Barrasso, Representatives from the offices of Liz Cheney and Mike Enzi, and dozens of spectators were on hand for the unveiling, despite chilly weather conditions.
The statue to honor war dogs was inspired by K9, Major Mike, who served two tours of duty in Iraq with Special Operations Sgt. Matthew Bessler. Bessler retired from the military and now resides in the Powell, Wyoming area. In 2015, Major Mike was shot and killed in an incident with a man riding a bicycle near their home. No charges were filed in the incident.
Foundation members say the project idea received donations from nearly 2,000 individuals.
This is one of just four memorials in the United States currently honoring military dogs and their handlers.
More War Dog Memorial Coverage here
Limulus polyphemus meanings in Urdu
Limulus polyphemus meanings in Urdu is لیمولس پولیفیمس Limulus polyphemus in Urdu. More meanings of limulus polyphemus, it's definitions, example sentences, related words, idioms and quotations.
Limulus polyphemus Definitions
Please find 1 English and definitions related to the word Limulus polyphemus.
- (noun) : large marine arthropod of the Atlantic coast of North America having a domed carapace that is shaped like a horseshoe and a stiff pointed tail; a living fossil related to the wood louse
What are the meanings of Limulus polyphemus in Urdu?
Meanings of the word Limulus polyphemus in Urdu are . To understand how would you translate the word Limulus polyphemus in Urdu, you can take help from words closely related to Limulus polyphemus or it’s Urdu translations. Some of these words can also be considered Limulus polyphemus synonyms. In case you want even more details, you can also consider checking out all of the definitions of the word Limulus polyphemulus polyphemus in a sentence. If you have trouble reading in Urdu we have also provided these meanings in Roman Urdu.
We have tried our level best to provide you as much detail on how to say Limulus polyphemulus polyphemulus polyphemus?
لیمولس پولیفیمس
Whats the definition of limulus polyphemus?
Definition of the limulus polyphemus are
- large marine arthropod of the Atlantic coast of North America having a domed carapace that is shaped like a horseshoe and a stiff pointed tail; a living fossil related to the wood louseMain Campus · Richards College of Business · Management
Management of Information Sys
CISM-3330
- Spring 2020
- Section 01D
- 3 Credits
- 01/04/2020 to 05/05/2020
- Modified 01/02/2020ard College Upper Division RCUD
Corequisites:
Contact InformationContact Information
Associate Dean: Dr. Bradley J. Prince
- Office: Adamson Hall 130
- Phone: 678-839-4845
Please contact me via email with "CISM 3330" in the subject line. Thank you!
Office Hours
- Monday, Wednesday, 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM, Adamson Hall 130
Meeting TimesMeeting Times
MaterialsMaterials
WileyPlus Course Section ID A73946
- Author: Rainer
- Publisher: Wiley
- Availability: WileyPlus.com
- Sign up for a (or sign in to your existing) WileyPlus account
- visit
- fill in your account details and set your password (only letters and numbers)
- Click add more courses
- Enter your Course Section ID - A73946
- Access the course!
OutcomesOutcomes
EvaluationEvaluation
Breakdown
Criteria
AssignmentsAssignments
ScheduleSchedule
Course Schedule will be posted in WileyPlus.
Course Policies and ResourcesCourse Policies and Resources
Communication
Please email me at [email protected] with the subject line of "CISM 3330" to help me identify your message as important. I will create a flag in my email to highlight all student messages and will respond as soon as possible. I operate on a "24-hour attempt, 48-hour promise" policy. If you have not heard back from me in 48 hours, please resend your message!
College/School PoliciesCollege/School Policies
Learning Goals
- Learning Objective 1.1: Effectively incorporate technology to produce high-quality professional documents.
- Learning Objective 1.2: Effectively incorporate technology into a professional presentation.
- Learning Objective 2.1: Frame a business problem by identifying relevant data and evidence.
- Learning Objective 2.2: Utilize appropriate analytical and statistical techniques to evaluate data relevant to a business problem.
- Learning Objective 2.3: Identify viable alternative solutions and justify a recommendation for open-ended business problems.
- Learning Objective 2.4: Evaluate differing stakeholder perspectives and consequences to follow from business decisions.
- Learning Objective 3.1: Demonstrate an understanding of the fundamental principles of accounting, business law, economics, finance, management, management information systems, and marketing.
- Learning Objective 3.2: Demonstrate an understanding of globalization on the business environment, international business and trade.
- Learning Objective 4.1: Demonstrate an understanding of ethical leadership concepts, characteristics, and practices.
- Learning Objective 4.2: Address business constraints, competing objectives, and views other than one's own in formulating a decision..On Thu, 9 Oct 1997, Lowell C. Savage wrote: > I didn't see a description in the various messages of where the file actually > is written. If it is written to the \\server\netlogon directory, don't you > get a locking problem with two or more users loggin in? I mean, if you have > a slow client logging on with one user, and a moment later, another user > logging on another client. If the file is actually changed before the first > client gets to the point in its netlogon.bat script where it is using the > reg file, does the first machine then create a registration entry that puts > user1 in user2's profile location? Is this a problem? It certainly would have been, but there are a whole range of options to avoid the problem - 1. Give the file a username-specific filename 2. Give the file a client machine-specific filename 3. Put the file on the client's C: 4. Put the file in the user's home directory 5. Let's see, using the smbd's pid? Currently, I'm using option 4. Regards ---------------------------------------------------------------|-----|-- Louis Mandelstam Tel +27 83 227-0712 Symphony /|\ /|\ Linux systems integration Research { } { } Johannesburg, South Africa mailto:louis at sr.co.za (Pty)Ltd {___} {___}1980s | Cropped Batwing White Leather Jacket
Looking for a 1980s cropped leather jacket?
You can say that this jacket is a perfect example of the 80s esthetics; the wide shawl collar, fitted waist, batwing sleeves and cropped length.
There are many ways to style this amazing white leather jacket : you could wear it with any of your high waisted bottoms or match it with a more feminine piece like a dress or skirt to give a bit of edge to your look.
Anyway you will style it, this iconic jacket will be the main attraction.
Get your hands on this unique vintage find!
Infos & Specs:
- Label:Jacques Sac
- Size: Medium
- Made in England
- Long Stylized Shawl Collar
- Batwing Sleeves
- Fitted at the waist
- Fastening: Welt button holes on both sides with two leather covered buttons linked with a chain
- The cut is straight in the front and the back has a pointed shape
Measurements:
Waist: 29.5 inches (circumference)
Length: 19 inches
Model's Measurements:
Bust: 33.5 inches
Waist: 24.5 inches
Hips: 37 inches
Height: 5' 10''Abstract
For positive integers k and λ, a graph G is (k, λ) -connected if it satisfies the following two conditions: (1) | V(G) | ≥ k+ 1 , and (2) for any subset S⊆ V(G) and any subset L⊆ E(G) with λ| S| + | L| < kλ, G- (S∪ L) is connected. For positive integers k and ℓ, a graph G with | V(G) | ≥ k+ ℓ+ 1 is said to be (k, ℓ) -mixed-connected if for any subset S⊆ V(G) and any subset L⊆ E(G) with | S| ≤ k, | L| ≤ ℓ and | S| + | L| < k+ ℓ, G- (S∪ L) is connected. In this paper, we investigate the (k, λ) -connectivity and (k, ℓ) -mixed-connectivity of random graphs, and generalize the results of Erdős and Rényi (Publ Math Debrecen 6:290–297, 1959) and Stepanov (Theory Probab Appl 15:55–67, 1970). Furthermore, our argument (Ann Discrete Math 28:35–38, 1986a; Combinatorica 7:35–38, 1986b) on classic connectivity. Additionally, we obtain the (k, λ) -connectivity and (k, ℓ) -mixed-connectivity of the complete graphs and complete bipartite graphs, and characterize the minimally (k, ℓ) -mixed-connected graphs.
Keywords
- Connectivity
- Edge-connectivity
- Hitting time
- Mixed connectivity
- Random graph
- Threshold function
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Computer Science Applications
- Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics
- Control and Optimization
- Computational Theory and Mathematics
- Applied MathematicsDisclaimer
South London Scouts.
South London Scouts provides links to external websites. Listing of sites and links to them should not be taken as an endorsement of any kind.
South London Scouts does not accept responsibility for the contents or reliability of any linked web sites including their accuracy or content.
If you come across any external links that do not work, please let us know by emailing us at contact.us@southlondonscouts.org.ukAbstract
The Quick Response System (QRS) consists of a 2-D machine- readable QR Codes and a mobile-friendly user interface. The QR Codes can be encoded to different types of information. Because of QR code’s high information density and robustness, it has gained popularity in many applications across various industries. Recently, some universities and colleges have adopted QR Code into classroom teaching, by taking advantage of its instant feedback from students, instructors may have immediate understanding of whether students have understood a concept. The QR code can be used for polling, tutorials, and quizzes. However, it is crucial to protect against personal data from disclosure and to prove student identity, especially in the event of an in-class QR Code-based quiz. In this paper, we explore some potential security breaches and privacy concerns for QR codes in classroom teaching, and propose some design requirements with respect to the QR code itself. We also suggest to apply a grouping-proof protocol to authenticate all students identity before starting a quiz. This paper sheds some lights on future research directions in QR code design and processing. Copyright © 2017 Springer International Publishing AG.
CitationChen, Y., Zhuang, Y., Xie, H., & Wang, F. L. (2017). On security and privacy of Quick Response System in classroom teaching.. 591-597). Switzerland: Springer.
Keywords
- QR code
- Security and privacy
- Classroom teachingOne of the Black Lives Matter founders has launched a new venture with a Chinese community advocacy organization.
Alicia Garza is behind the Black Futures Lab, which is backed by the Chinese Progressive Association (CPA), according to the website.
A report from The Heritage Foundation initially linked the San Francisco-based CPA to a group of the same name in Boston, which has hosted joint events with the Chinese consulate.
The Boston organization was described as “pro-communist” and supportive of the People’s Republic of China.
Tax records, however, show that the two groups are separate entities. A spokesman for the Boston-based CPA also confirmed that the two nonprofits are unrelated, and denied that the group had any communist ties, the New York Times reported..
Bexley
$29.00
Sleeveless Ruffle Top for hot weather! We love these ruffles - just the right amount of feminine ruffles around the neck and armhole. Top shoulder`s ruffle provides little cover up for the sleeveless top. Front tie added in the bottom. Woven fabric- nice soft peach skin feel.
Back To Tops Previous Product Next ProductYesterday, the revived hit TV series Roseanne was abruptly cancelled after the show's star and creator Roseanne Barr made a blatantly racist tweet about former Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett. Following this, Barr has made a number of public apologies over Twitter, showing that she has already come to terms with the cancellation.
Immediately following Barr's tweet, the Roseanne star received a lot of hate over social media, which is an expected response on the Internet. Bringing light to the controversy, Barr went on to make a public statement about the cancellation, showing humility in her actions and her consequences. Here is what she had to say.
"I deeply regret my comments from late last night on Twitter. Above all, I want to apologize to Valerie Jarret,."
This apology certain seems heartfelt, and shows Barr's sense of humility in this time of her life. She admits that she made a mistake, and she feels bad for it and is trying to make amends. A number of her tweets following this statement continued her apology and humility, going so far as to tell her fans to not defend her or feel bad for her losing her job.
Many of Barr's tweets and her statement brought up a valid point: everyone involved with Roseanne has lost their jobs due to her single tweet. While a few of Barr's coworkers may have known about Barr's behavior and could have predicted it, it's quite possible that Roseanne's cancellation was going to be coming anyways. While Roseanne was a hit when it first came back at the beginning of the year, the ratings quickly dropped down to be one of ABC's lowest rated shows. It's possible that ABC was planning on cancelling Roseanne regardless of Barr's tweet, and simply used the backlash against Barr as an opportune moment.
While a number of Barr's tweets have been humble and apologetic, possibly showing that she is taking a new leaf in her life, many of her other tweets say otherwise. Over the past 24 hours, Barr has responded hatefully to a number of equally hateful tweets towards her. Barr has sarcastically called a number of people "geniuses" and "bigots" in her responses, showing that maybe she has not learned her lesson. Her big mistake occurred when she was making hateful responses just like these, which shows that her apology may not have been as heartfelt and humble as it was perceived.
In one of her tweets, in response to a thread of people talking about her, Barr revealed that she actually believed that Jarrett was white. While this may have been a simple mistake, it still doesn't excuse her heinous words, and many people on Twitter responded to this tweet with genuine disbelief.
It will be interesting to watch Roseanne Barr in the coming months to see if her attitude on her Twitter does change over time, or if it will be more of the same. Shortly following her initial tweet yesterday morning, Roseanne tweeted that she would be leaving Twitter. However, this did not come to be, and her proceeding tweets ranged from contritely apologetic to abhorrently spiteful.
thanks for all your kind comments, everyone! Love u all goodnight-— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
no it wasn't racist-ill talk about it on joe rogan friday— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
I'm a Jew, bigot— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
i blamed myself, genius— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
yes, I mistakenly thought she was white— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018Figure 9
From: Cyclosporin A differentially inhibits multiple steps in VEGF induced angiogenesis in human microvascular endothelial cells through altered intracellular signaling.Buying this bike will allow us to give 2 refugees a bike (plus a lock, helmet, and light set) so that they can cycle safely in London. Read more about our mission here.
This Carrera Subway is a real tidy performer that's also one of our perennial sellers, so make sure you get in there fast!
Hybrids like this are ideal for commutes in the city or rambles in the countryside, and are easily upgraded with mudguards and pannier racks for extra comfort and long distance touring.
The Subway is a sporty little number, featuring 26" MTB wheels - that means really nippy handling - paired with semi-slick tyres for extra speed when you're on the road.
The 14 speeds offer a great range to power up those hills and swoop along the flats and ever dependable V-brakes will stop you whenever you need them to.
This bike came to us in good second hand condition and our mechanics did their full service and fitted a brand new Bottom Bracket, Brake Cables, Brake Pads, and Gear Cables so it's ready to rock and roll!
Best For: Skipping the Subway.Revealing ranking factors. You want your domain to rank at the top when your target market is searching. Getting it right is best done by consistently creating good content.
Getting the right people to your web site is the name of the game. But how is it done?
Step 1
Get Your Technical SEO Foundation Built Correctly. A few important details are site structure, navigability, URL structure, meta tags, header tags and keywords. Your technical structure needs to be sound before going on to building your Domain Authority.
Think of it like having the drawings for your dream house. If you expect to have your house as you want it, you must start with a good set of drawings. It covers the foundation, plumbing plan, electrical plan, Heating and Air plan, floor plan and so on. Without well done technical drawings, you cannot build a lasting dream house. If you attempt to simply wing it, your electrical or HVAC will severely limit your enjoyment. The house won’t last. Likewise, a great web site needs to have the right technical SEO built before moving into sexier things. To have a strong domain, build the technical part correctly.
Remarkably, too many businesses hope have a great looking web site will provide great traffic. It may look great but is anyone seeing it? Domain Authority will help get you before the rightBy Rezia Begum
11th Mar 2019
We are delighted to announce that we now have over 6000 CPC members!
We’d like to say a huge thank you to all members for choosing CPC. We are pleased that so many institutions across the education sector have joined us and with your continued support we know that we can make a massive difference to procurement within the education sector.
CPC are 100% committed to delivering a high-quality service and support to our members. We always aim to continually improve our service to ensure that we remain the most reliable, professional and innovative route to market for our members.
Together with our group company Tenet Education Services, we are consistently reinvesting into the education sector together through our registered charity Crescent Purchasing Limited. Some of the initiatives we are supporting include; free member CPD accredited procurement training, apprenticeships within CPC members institutions and the ProcurEd conference.
Peter Brewer, Managing Director of Crescent Purchasing Consortium said:
"We are extremely pleased that more and more educational establishments are joining CPC. We are committed to improving our service for all members and with the number of members increasing every year, it reassures us that we are providing the service and support the sector requires."Harvard Medical School, United States
Sanjeeva Kalva, MD is the Chief of Interventional Radiology in the Department of Radiology at Massachusetts General Hospital.oboembolism, inferior vena cava filters, portal hypertension,.Review Vacancy
Date Posted: 05/17/21
Applications Due: 03/31/22
Vacancy ID: 87084
Position Information
AgencyAddiction Services and Supports, Office of
TitleNurse 2 Psy/Nurse 1 Hourly (Russell E. Blaisdell 8-19
Workday
From 12 AM
To 11:30 PM
Flextime allowed? No
Mandatory overtime? No
Compressed workweek allowed? No
Telecommuting allowed? No
Location
County Rockland
Street Address Russell E. Blaisdell Addiction Treatment Center
Rockland Psyche Center, Building 57
City Orangeburg
StateNY
Zip Code10962
Job Specifics)
Russell E. Blaisdell ATC is a Tobacco-Free facility. Elizabeth Madej, Human Resources Specialist 1
Telephone (518) 457-2963
Address
Street NYS OASAS
1450 Western Avenue
City Albany
State NY
Zip Code 12203
Notes on ApplyingIf interested, please send your resume. Also, in the subject line of the email, please put the vacancy IDIntroduction to Socratic Pedagogy
The Introduction to Socratic Pedagogy program consists of five online courses that cover the basics of socratic pedagogy. Click the thumbnails below to learn more about each course.
Free
Why Socratic Education?
Discover the power of Socratic education to facilitate self-governance.
Free
Building a Conducive Classroom Culture
Build a classroom culture that supports thinking, expression, and collaboration.
Free
Selecting Relevant and Appropriate Sources
Select sources that facilitate successful Socratic seminars.Polarlichter Hier eine Auswahl meiner Lieblingsbilder. Hier eine Auswahl meiner Lieblingsbilder /Best of Finland Pics you find here.
3 Kommentare zu „Polarlichter“
I live in Thunder Bay Ontario Canada-For years a region with the highest concentration of Finlanders outside Finland. I have oft heard of the comparisons between the two places and through your photos I can see why. Keep up the good work Wil
Thank you, Wil! Comments like these give me the strength and motivation to carry on!!!
…I didn´t know the fact, that so many Fins are living in this part of Canada… So many greetings across the sea….Have a nice autumn !!! 🙂
Wow, die Bilder sind wunderschön!! ♥Download previous purchases in the Apple TV app on Mac
If you’ve purchased items, you can download most of them to your devices and authorized computers (up to 5 total).
You can also check for purchases that haven’t been downloaded to your computer, or have the Apple TV app check for them automatically. This is useful, for example, if a download is interrupted.
Download previous purchases to an authorized computer the Apple TV app to check for purchases automatically
In the Apple TV app
on your Mac, choose TV > Preferences, then click General.
Select “Always check for available downloads.”
Some types of previously purchased content might not be available in some countries or regions. Previous purchases may be unavailable if they are no longer on the Apple TV app.Are you owing a Sam’s Club Credit Card and don’t know how to manage it? If that’s the case with you then I am here for you to help in managing your Sam’s credit card account online. I will also be showing you how to do Sam’s Credit Card Login and make Payments through various methods.
Sam’s Club is managed by Synchrony bank just like the Old Navy. You will also be getting to know about the Sam’s Club Credit Card Phone Number for customer service support. You can perform various tasks online like paying your sam’s club credit card bill, viewing or checking your account activity, activating your new sam’s card, registering for online access, applying for a new card and card related alerts.
Sam’s Club issues two types of credit cards:
- Sam’s Consumer Credit Card.
- Sam’s Business Credit Card.
The first one is that consumer credit account card which is for the normal people who just wants to use the card for personal use like buying products. And the seconds one is the business credit account card which is basically for the businessmen who will be using this card for business purposes. Both the sams club cards are MasterCard.
The Sam’s Club Credit Online Account Management portal is different for both cards so you must know which card type you are owning. To make things clear, the consumer credit card number starts with 604599 or 521333 and the business credit card number begins with 604600, 040 or 556053. So, match the starting given numbers to find your sam’s card type.
Contents
- 1 Sam’s Credit Card Login Steps Online:
- 2 Sam’s Club Credit Card Payment Methods
- 3 Sam’s Club Credit Card Customer Service Number
- 4 FAQs
Sam’s Credit Card Login Steps Online:
- Conumer Credit cardholders visit here.
- Business Credit cardholders visit here.
- Enter your Sam’s Club Credit Card User ID & Password.
- Finally, hit the “Login” button.
- Now, you have signed in successfully.
- Start managing your sam’s club credit card account online.
- Done.
As, I have alredy said that you need to first recognise your card type and the process for which has been explained in the beggining of this article. So, go through that first to know which login portal you have to visit to sign in.
How To Find/Retrieve Your Forgotten Sams Club Card User ID:
- Vist this user id recover link:
- Enter your Sams Club Account Number.
- Type the payment ZIP Code.
- Click on the Continue button.
- Proceed ahead with the further instrusctions.
- At the end, you will get your user id details.
How To Change/Reset Sams Club Card Sign In Password:
- Go this password reset link:
- Enter your sams club user id.
- Fill the billing ZIP code correctly.
- Hit the Continue option.
- Enter the new password.
- Finally, Confirm your password change.
Sam’s Club Credit Card Payment Methods
There are many ways through which any sams club cardholder can make a bill payment quickly. The various methods include online, without logging in (Pay as a Guest), sending payment to the mail address, by phone calling and using the sams mobile app.
How To Make Sam’s Club Credit Card Payment Online:
- Open the web browser.
- Go to this sams club payment online portal:
- Enter your User ID & Password.
- Click on the “Secure Login” option.
- You have now signed into your sam’s club credit account.
- Navigate to the appropriate Payment option.
- Complete the pending or due credit card bill payment.
This is the safest and fastest way to pay your sams credit card bill online via computer or laptop. You just need logged into sams online portal and make the payment.
How To Make Sam’s Credit Card Payment Without Log In (Pay As A Guest):
- Visit the Sams credit card login page.
- Click on the “PAY AS GUEST” banner.
- Enter the samsclub card number & last 4 digits of SSN.
- Fill the Billing ZIP Code.
- Tap on the “Continue” option.
- Now, make the payment.
In this way, you can Pay Sam’s Club Credit without registration or signing in to the online portal. You just have enter your card details and make the payment by skipping the login process.
Sams Club Credit Card Bill Payment By Mail Address
You can also pay your samsclub credit card bill by sending the amount in the form of cash or cheque to the sams club payment mailing address. Sam’s Club offers two different cards so their payment mail address is different.
Pay Sams Club Credit By Phone Call
You can pay the credit by calling on this Sam’s Club Credit Card Payment Number (800) 964-1917 for personal credit card holders and (800) 203-5764 for business credit cardholders. You have to dial the given number depending on your card type and follow the instruction given during the automated voice call recording.
How To Pay Sams Club Credit Card Bill By App
- First, Download the Sam’s Club Mobile App.
- The application can be found on Google Play Store & App Store.
- Insatll the sams app and launch it.
- Login via user id and password.
- Move to the Payment section.
- Pay the due amount.
- The Sam’s Club card payment has been done.
Sam’s Club Credit Card Customer Service Number
The Sam’s Club Customer Service phone number is (800) 964-1917 [Personal Credit Card Owners] and (800) 203-5764 [Business Credit Card Owners]. And the Sams Customer Care Support working hours starts from Mon-Sat: 7 AM To 11 AM CST and Sunday – 10 AM To 8 PM CST. Sam’s Club contact centre is running for 24 hours a day and on all days of the week.
At the beginning of this blog post, we didn’t talk about the benefits of using sams club cards. With more than 600 Sams Club locations across the country, it is a popular wholesale club. Sam’s Club is an American company owned and run by Walmart. You will find every sort of product in the Sam’s Club store such as home appliances, clothing, groceries, decorative items, health & beauty, etc.
You need a membership to shop at Sam’s Club. Sam’s Club stores have both online and offline stores all over the country. Sam’s Club offers credit cards to individuals and businesses linked to the member’s membership. There are two types of credit cards offered by the company: Sam’s Club Credit Card and the second one is Sam’s Club Mastercard. Sam’s Club Mastercard is more rewardable and beneficial as compared to a credit card. To maximize the benefits and rewards, customers can take membership of Sam’s Club Plus as well as Sam’s Club Mastercard.
You can use the earned reward points to buy products and also get some discounts on them. The company also gives gift cards to its customers which can be used offline as well the online stores. And the card members also get the opportunity to get access to early sales and exclusive deals.
Talking about the charge and fees of sam card, If you maintain a credit card of any company then you must have paid APR and credit card charges. So, before applying for any credit card, you should know the card’s maintenance charges and APR. Sam’s Club Credit Card and Mastercard have an APR of 15.65%-23.65, depending upon the customer’s card usage. There are no annual charges for both cards. And the minimum interest charged on both cards is 2$.
Also, Read This: Old Navy Credit Card Login And Payment
FAQs
How can I register for sams credit card online access?
Sam’s club cardholders can visit this online registration link and enter the required details like account number, ZIP code and continue the instructions for getting online access.
How can I apply for a new sams club credit card?
Those who want to apply for a new credit card can visit this online application link and enter their membership number, first name and last name. Now, proceed next and follow the coming instructions.
How to activate my sam credit card?
For activating your sams club credit card, visit this activation link and enter your card number, security code and last 4 digits of SSN. In the end, tap on the Activate My Card option.
What is the minimum credit score needed for sams club credit card approval?
The minimum credit score required for getting a new sam’s club credit card application approval is 700 plus.
What is the APR and charge for Sam’s Club Credit Card?
The regular APR charge of sam credit card ranges from 15.65% to 23.65% variable depending on the card type and customer usage. There is no annual renewal fee on sam’s card because it’s zero dollars.The Parts Canada TransCan has partnered with Chronométrage Lap Timing (CLT Sports Timing) to bring transponder scoring to our 2012 amateur racers.
“We will be using the same transponder scoring system that has been successfully used at the AMXQ races in Quebec this season with many positive reviews. We are excited to add a new level of professionalism to the TransCan and to offer fans and spectators a new way to keep up with what’s happening on the track,” said Walton’s Chris Lee.
For a $10 fee, riders will be issued their transponders at Tuesday’s rider sign-up. Riders will also need to leave an $80 refundable cash deposit. Transponders are mandatory for all riders and will be tested during Wednesday’s practice and then used for scoring all amateur races during the event. CLT uses Orion transponders only.
Thanks to the support of the Celebrate Ontario initiative, video screens will be located in the infield and will broadcast timing and scoring information during all motos. This new addition will greatly enhance the spectator experience and help fans and families keep track of their favourite riders.
Live Timing during the event can be found here while complete archived results from the 2012 Parts Canada TransCan can be found at.
For more information on Chronométrage Lap Timing (CLT), visit.
For more information on the Parts Canada TransCan visit.Being back in Montana means I’m out exploring a lot. There is one particular place that i wanted to go for the last couple years but never was able to get into because the gate was always closed. The Lewis and Clark Caverns, a very cool place with amazing opportunities for those that don’t mind some walking and cave diving. We have to take a guided tour into the caves for security, but before we do, we have to climb this lovely 350ft climb.
The cave itself is less than a mile long, but every foot has beautiful formations no more then an arms reach away. In the last couple of years the path has been upgraded with some lighting, making more subjects pop out.
There are two main chambers, a decent of 600ft, and even a pool.There was even a few hundred bats above. Unfortunately i was so lost in my own little world capturing images that I wasn’t listening to well to the guide as he went through names. I’m definitely going back soon.Monthly Feature
Hello October!
This month we are featuring an amazing package deal:
Brazilian & Spray Tan for $70.00
*Book your appointment online or call us today.
Sugar Savvy Gift Certificates
Not sure what gift to give for that upcoming celebration? We just made it really simple for you. Stop by and pick up a gift certificate so your friend or loved one can enjoy a service of their choice!P!NK: All I Know So Far
A behind-the-scenes look at P!NK as she balances family and life on the road, leading up to her first Wembley Stadium performance on 2019’s “Beautiful Trauma” world tour.
Views: 4
Genre: Documentary, Music
Director: Michael Gracey
Actors: Carey Hart, Pink, Willow Sage Hart
Keywords:123movies 9movies Free gomovies gostream losmovie movie4k movietv P!NK: All I Know So Far Online primewire putlockers putlockertv seehd seehd.info shockshare sitename solarmovie Watch P!NK: All I Know So Far watch32 yesmovie10 to 20 hours jobs in London (Greater)
Broaden your search
Refine your search
- London (Greater) Remove selection
- 10 to 20 hours Remove selection
- Unpaid Remove selection
Found 1 Unpaid role
Online Reading Volunteer
We are a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to bringing the gift of books and the joy of reading into the homes of children and families in disa...Kabul
Suicide car bombing in Kabul kills six people and injures twenty.
Sources: Al Jazeera
Sources: Al Jazeera
The Russian ambassador to Afghanistan Dmitry Zhirnov says that the Panjshir resistance led by Amrullah Saleh and Ahmad Massoud is "doomed". Zhirnov also praises the Taliban and says that the situation in Kabul is better than it was when Ashraf Ghani was governing the country.
Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby says that evacuations have resumed at Kabul's Hamid Karzai International Airport.
The Afghan National Security Forces launch a counter-offensive, in an attempt to retake Kunduz, which was captured by the Taliban yesterday. Heavy fighting is reported elsewhere in the northern part of the country, where the Islamist group has launched an offensive. Civilians flee Kunduz, trying to reach Kabul as there are conflicting reports as to who is responsible for dozens of civilian casualties..
The death toll from yesterday's Taliban attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul rises to 64, with 347 others wounded, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry.
Taliban forces attack near the Presidential Palace in Kabul.
Afghanistan commemorates Ahmad Shah Massoud, assassinated today eleven years ago according to the Afghan calendar, with a ceremony in Kabul on the national holiday of "Haftai Shahid" (Martyr Week). [http:--english.sina.com-world-2012-0908-504552.html (Sina)] [https:--web.archive.org-web-20140729011357-http:--bokhdinews.af-english-internal-7845-Afghans-commemorate-late-resistance-leader-Masoud (Bokhdi)] [http:--- ("The Frontier Post")]date=April 2020
Afghan militants attack the Kabul InterContinental Hotel resulting in the deaths of nine Taliban members and five or six hotel workers or guests. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2011-WORLD-asiapcf-06-28-afghanistan.kabul.attack-index.html (CNN)] [http:--english.aljazeera.net-news-asia-2011-06-201162819116708330.html (Al Jazeera)] [http:-- (AP via "Atlanta Journal Constitution")]date=August 2019
A rocket attack is launched at NATO headquarters in Kabul. Two Britons were killed.Allied Health disciplines work in collaboration with physicians, nurses, and other healthcare disciplines to provide excellence in patient care and quality outcomes.
Allied Health practitioners at Orlando Health include:
- Dietitians
- Therapists (Physical, Occupational, Respiratory, Recreation, Radiation)
- Occupational and Physical Therapy Assistants
- Speech Language Pathologists
- Pharmacists
- Pharmacy Technicians
- Licensed Laboratory Personnel
- Licensed Imaging and Cardiac Diagnostics / Therapeutic Personnel
- Nuclear Medicine Technologists
- Diagnostic Medical Sonographers (Cardiovascular and Vascular)
- Exercise Physiologist
- Audiologists
- Paramedics
- Emergency Medical Technicians
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (2015), employment of healthcare occupations is projected to increase by 19% from 2014-2024 which means 2.3 million new jobs. Healthcare jobs will add more jobs than any other occupation.
Resource:Interrelation between nature and human values – final workshop on “Nature and Value”
April 5, 2016
Exploring the potential of combining approaches from various disciplines, the NOMIS project Nature and Value intends to conceptualize state and development of humans’ perception of nature and therefore focuses on values that are implicit in the way we conceive of the “nonhuman.” Led by Akeel Bilgrami, Sidney Morgenbesser Professor of Philosophy at Columbia University, the project was launched against the background of the common notion of sustainability in the form of three consecutive interdisciplinary workshops.
The final workshop was held in London on April 21 and 22, 2016. The event gathered eleven leading scholars and scientists from disciplines such as philosophy, economics, English literature, geoscience, political science, art history as well as molecular and cell biology. Driven by the ambition to push the boundaries of their disciplines and to foster the development of new thoughts and ideas, the international group of participants engaged in two days of open, intense and at times controversial discussions.
For more information and results, please visit the project website.
Information on speakers can be found here.
Download the PDF file
Send via email
Print pageSmok Alike RPM Replacement Pods 3/Pack Vape4change Sale! from 999 /per Qty. Sold Out. SMOK Alike Empty RPM POD is a set of large capacity vaping replacement pods, which is made from the most popular food-grade material PCTG. SMOK Alike Pod Cartridge possesses a side silicone plug fill system and can accept replacement coils from all RPM Coil Series TweetIt’s useful to know that it’s not only women whose fertility is at risk when it comes to exposure to harmful chemicals. Men are also at risk, particularly in relation to toxic substances that they may encounter in the workplace. Studies on the topic are only in their preliminary stages and so far scientists have concentrated their research on toxic effects in animal reproduction. In general, human exposure to toxins in the workplace is known to have genuine negative effects, but it’s difficult to verify definitively exactly how these effects affect reproduction. Research continues in order find a solution to the problem of working around contaminants.
What Is Known
What scientists do know is that some substances, such as lead, can cause fertility issues because they are harmful to your health overall. Other examples of agents that can impact reproduction are radiation, pesticides, cigarettes and heat. Although scientists know these substances are toxic, it’s unclear as to how much is needed to influence a fertile male.
Radiation Concerns
Medical committees within the last 65 years have tested men who have worked at nuclear power plants and found a strong connection in relation to an increase of stillbirths and birth defects in their children. Recent reports have shown that lower doses of radiation are still received by workers today. It’s still important to have a doctor closely regulate reported work activity when you’re trying to have children.
The Heat Factor
Heat can cause disruption when it comes to a man’s sperm. The male reproductive region needs to be just below normal body temperature in order produce an adequate amount of sperm. Sitting still in an office or a vehicle for long periods of time can cause this region to be over-heated. It’s suggested to take regular breaks and walk around to balance temperature.
High-Risk Physical Injury
If the workplace increases susceptibility to bodily injury, men need to take precautions to protect themselves by wearing protective gear at all times. If damage has been done to the reproductive organs, there’s a high chance of the inability to produce healthy sperm.
Industrial Hazards
Men who work around pesticide production or with chemicals and solvents can experience altered hormone levels. Others that work in the midst of heavy metals, like mercury, have increased risks of miscarriages. Hydrocarbons, such as paint thinner or diesel fuel, can cause bone and joint complications in babies. If precautions aren’t taken, men can also carry this exposure home to their families.
Safety Tips at Work
There are simple measures that men can take when working amongst dangerous toxins. Protective gear and clothing should be worn if exposure to pollutants is high. Also, washing hands and the body is important after contact with these materials. Follow all safety guidelines in place at work. If you don’t feel safe, then a manager or human resource representative should be consulted. A temporary transfer can also be requested and but you should wait a few months after being transferred to try to have a baby.
Talk to your doctor if you still have concerns after being exposed to questionable agents. It goes without saying that you should continue to eat well and exercise regularly to stay healthy.What is Syntropy?
Syntropy comes from the Greek words Syn-, meaning “together” and -Tropy, meaning “affecting.”
Our name is our philosophy. We believe in working together with our clients, affecting sustainable growth. We approach projects from a comprehensive program management point of view. While we bring expertise and leadership to the process, we also work with you as part of your team. We partner with you through the entire marketing process – from initial analysis through sales management and reporting.
We’d love to speak with you about our experience and your future.
Together, we can create significant, profitable, repeatable growth for your bank.
What We Believe
Measurable growth is possible – Banks are under enormous pressure to create growth, with fewer obvious places to find it. Consequently, banks of all sizes are demanding more from their marketing investments – every expenditure must be justified, and the only way to do that is through measurable results. At Syntropy Group, we believe in the honesty of the data. Data tells the truth, good or bad. Data gives information that guides and directs. Data is measurable. Growth is measurable.
Analytical process is the key – The key to producing repeatable results is following a good process. Our approach to building and managing sales and marketing programs uses the same scientific method you learned in school. It’s proven to work, and the results are trackable, measurable, and repeatable.
Data is an asset – Your bank has access to more customer and prospect data than ever before. What you do with that data determines its value to your bank. We can help you turn that data into new customers and into new business from your existing customers.
Ordered Growth
Related Content
If You're In An Accident
Learn the best steps to take after you’ve been in an automobile accident with this useful, step-by-step video.
Insurance Needs Assessment: When You're Newly Married
Marriage changes everything, including your insurance needs.
Protecting Those Who Matter Most
The importance of life insurance, how it works, and how much coverage you need.Black Girl, Black Girl
Full-color book.
32
9.5 X 8
$18.95
Beaver’s Pond Press
13:978-1-64343-881-8
Black Boy Meta Data.
The Creators
Crown Shepherd is an emerging fiction, picture book, and comic book writer. Her writing is a result of her surroundings and upbringing. She has always been deeply rooted in literature and writing, but it wasn’t until she found more writers that looked like her that her writing soared. Those writers allowed her to dream and create by her own standards, and from a point of view of a black protagonist. As someone from an under-represented community, Crown knows what it means to have representation feed your creativity. The stories she wants to share are aimed at giving a voice to the voiceless.
Mychal Batson is a multidisciplinary artist and entrepreneur from St. Paul, MN who’s scribbled on pages and drawn in margins since he was old enough to hold a pencil. After graduating from Augsburg College with a degree in English: Creative Writing , he taught himself design and illustration.
Black Arts is incredibly important. Education is important. And inspiring future artist and dreamers to create entirely new worlds using just their imagination is of the upmost importance.Computer Aided Design
VFT utilises the latest Solidworks 3D CAD software to compliment its R&D offering.
It is used to create and improve designs and reduce costs and is key to good communication of new products and documenting design history.
VFT has experience in parametric design processes and non-linear/complex curvature model creation.[TeenFidelity 01-12-2021] Teen Temptress.There are all kinds of wonderful people on Twitter.
I mean, there are also a bunch of horrible goobers on Twitter, but I prefer to focus on the good things the Internet has to offer us, ya know?
As you scroll through your Twitter feed, you never know exactly what you’re going to come across. You may see a hilariously relatable joke about parenthood. You might read a funny thread about a guy’s house being broken into by his neighbor’s pets. Maybe you’ll learn a new mind-blowing fact you can use to impress your friends.
Or, you might come across some gummy bear science. Yes, really. Thanks to Scott Barolo, a science professor at the University of Michigan, Twitter now has its very own viral thread featuring the science of gummy bears. We’re truly living in the future, guys.
It all started when Barolo revealed he had a bag that purportedly contained 12 different flavors of gummy bears.
I think we can all agree that 12 is a lot of flavors.
Naturally, Barolo appeared to be rather skeptical of the bag’s claims.
12 flavors? Really?
Like any good scientist, Barolo took some time to make observations about the package.
Made in the USA, it says!
Interesting!
Unfortunately, Barolo struggled a bit in opening the package.
But all good experiments have their own share of setbacks.
The super-sealed bag would not deter Barolo from the task at hand. He had science to do.
He started by dumping all the gummy bears out into one pile.
(Now might be a good time to point out that “gummy” bears are the general term for such candies, while “gummi” bears is actually a brand name. Just to clear up any confusion you may have!)
Barolo began by sorting the bears by color. But what’s this?
Only 11 different colors?
How can that be? Has the packaged lied to us?
There’s only one correct response.
If the Albanese Confectionary Group doesn’t right this wrong, I say we all boycott.
Or, you know, maybe just move on with our lives. Life’s too short to get too bent out of shape about gummy bears.
Luckily, there was an explanation:
Unfortunately, Barolo would be unable to taste the grape gummy bear.
On the plus side, grape is probably the worst candy flavor, so maybe he dodged a bullet.
Here are the flavors the package claimed to contain.
Grapefruit? Mango? Watermelon?
I have definitely been missing out on some interesting gummy bear flavors in my life.
Ever the scientist, Barolo formed an initial hypothesis:
Based on the bears’ colors, he labeled them with the flavor he expected them to have.
What do you think? Would you have made the same guesses?
Barolo then decided to smell each color of gummy bear.
That’s dedication, folks.
Like I said, he’s a true scientist.
Unfortunately, there wasn’t a lot of variation in the scent.
But that kind of makes sense, right?
After all, the bears have been in the package together for who knows how long…
Overall, judging by scent proved to be more or less impossible.
They all smelled pretty much the same.
Honestly, I’m just impressed he had managed to hold off on eating them this long.
Barolo also observed how each gummy bear sounded and felt.
As you probably expected, these observations were also pretty unhelpful.
Still entertaining, though.
Finally, it was time for the most important part of the experiment.
If I were a scientist, I think I would exclusively design experiments wherein I got to taste things.
This would be right up my alley.
Barolo started with the bears he assumed were blue-raspberry-flavored.
And guess what?
They were blue-raspberry-flavored! That’s science in action, people.
He then moved on to the cherry gummy bears.
And they were cherry!
Although his description of the flavor has me less than enthused about this particular bear.
Strawberry was strawberry!
You can see from his notes that he nearly made the fatal error of identifying the cherry bears as strawberry during his initial sorting.
Whew. That was a close one.
So far, so good. But could the streak continue?
Of course the blue was blue raspberry. And distinguishing between cherry and strawberry was practically child’s play.
The yellows and oranges are where things really got tricky.
Orange was orange!
Good thing he switched his guess from “mango”!
Although Barolo couldn’t help but notice that the orange flavor wasn’t really very orangey at all.
I didn’t know until right this very moment that I want to try a clementine-flavored gummy bear.
But I do. I really do.
Once again, Barolo was correct with pink grapefruit!
Although, honestly, what other flavor could that color possibly represent?
Pink grapefruit was, in my opinion, kind of a gimme.
Now things started to get really hairy.
Lemon, pineapple, mango.
Despite the actual fruits themselves being quite different from one another, the gummy bears were very similar. Yellow.
Let’s see if Barolo was able to distinguish between the three of them correctly.
Alas.
The experiment took a sour turn when the bear Barolo had identified as pineapple turned out to be lemon.
Barolo was, understandably, a bit miffed.
But that’s science.
You can’t make the data say what you want it to say. It’s a tough lesson to learn, to be sure, but I’m sure the blow was softened by the fact that Barolo was literally eating candy for this experiment.
Luckily, Barolo didn’t do a three-way mix-up of the yellow bears.
While he switched lemon and pineapple, he had correctly identified the mango bears.
Something to be proud of, certainly.
Unfortunately, his failure in the yellow bear category seemed to affect the rest of the experiment.
Although Barolo was able to correctly identify the lime bear, I’m afraid things only got worse from here.
The watermelon bear?
It was green apple.
You can see the moment the experiment began taking its toll on Barolo.
Here’s the final score:
64 percent isn’t anything to scoff at! Plus, I would have definitely come to the same conclusion regarding the watermelon and green apple flavors based solely on color!
Barolo also ranked the flavors from best to worst:
Obviously, this is a bit more subjective, but we must allow Barolo this indulgence after all of his hard work.
He even created gummy bear horoscopes!
All in all, the experiment was a very fun read, and I, for one, am so glad that it exists on Twitter.
Share this with someone who loves candy! Or science! Or both!Colonne Virtuali - Source
- Revisione
- 23176
- Utente
- Federico Razzoli
- Data
- 2013-12-21.Has it been one of those weeks where everything comes at once? where everything needs to be done now? If so it’s time to stop and breathe!
I’ve had to tell myself this a couple of times this week, the reason being, I’m feeling stressed! I have a deadline looming for the completion of my book which is to be published in February and it looks like I’m not going to make it!
Now is when I have to pull on all the wisdom that I’ve learned over the past couple of years the wise words of writers, poets and business men and take their advice
“The time to relax is when you don’t have time to relax” Sydney J Harris
Ensure relaxation time is included in your day, although it may be difficult when you have so much to do, it is the way you will work to your maximum capacity and produce your best work. By relaxation I mean nourishing habits, not playing computer games, or watching mindless TV while drinking beer, try the more wholesome forms of relaxation, they work better in the long run.
Branson’s number one productivity tip = “Work out”
We know the truth but don’t always want to admit it; just like relaxation when we feel stressed one of the best things we can do is exercise. But it’s usually the first thing to be dumped. Try and include exercise in your day, it is the best remedy for stress and it also gives you more energy which will help you to complete your tasks more easily.
“With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future” I live now. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Living in the present moment is a great way to avoid stress, stress is caused by thinking about future outcomes that we cannot control by living in the present moment we avoid creating unnecessary stress about things that haven’t yet happened. Worrying about outcomes is a waste of time, stay focused on the process which in my case is the writing, the outcome will follow. I’ve written a popular post on lifehack.org about this called How to Practice the Art of Detached Focus.
“For breath is life, and if you breathe well you will live long on earth” ~Sanskrit Proverb
The all important breath, don’t forget to stop and breath, breathing deeply relaxes our worried heads and calms our pounding hearts. Linda DiBella describes some of the benefits in her article Take a breath
The last thing you can ask yourself is “What is the worst that can happen? When you answer this question you will realize that the worst outcome is actually not so bad and doesn’t’ merit you having a heart attack or even loosing sleep over it.
So now I must take my own advice and organize a tennis game for tonight and when I come home I am going to relax in a warm bath all the time staying present and breathing deeply!
What do you do when things get too much? I would love to hear what you do to distress and unwind
CLICK HERE AND ENTER YOUR DETAILS TO GET MY FREE EBOOK
CLEAR THE CLUTTER; FIND YOUR LIFE
A very timely article. Was contemplating whether or not to go to the gym as I’d planned to do, but it has been a long busy week, so I’ve listened to my body’s wisdom, which tells me I need to rest, so 30 minutes meditation beckons instead!
Good point James I rarely use meditation in the evening for unwinding, I meditate in the morning before my brain switches on but I think I might start including it in the evening routine. thanks for thatWharram Builders and Friends
A Photo & Discussion Forum for Wharram Design Enthusiasts
G,day all, I am at a loss as to how to lock/ secure the main hatches, actually all the hatches now that I think of it.I read somewhere that a bloke secured his front hatches with a bit of chain fixed inside the the main hatch with the other end of the short piece of chain going to a saddle with a lock on the underside of the hatch.This allows you to get a hand in to open the lock but restricts you from opening it until the lock is undone.
cheers paul.
Views: 1339
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to This
Paul, I have a waterproof, locking t-handle latch on my hinged forward hatches; the sliding aft hatches have a line that I cleat off on the inside to hold them closed. I can't get into the aft hatches unless I unlock the forward hatches, in other words. Both my hatches are large enough to enter/exit the cabins, though.
Talk to Boatsmith re the locking system for his tiki 30. . .I don't see any pictures of them on this site right now, but I have seen some elsewhere that show the locking system.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Difficult to describe. I use a chain for the main-hatches. This chain goes around the grib and than to a u-bolt near the seats. the chain is secured by a padlock. The security of the forward hatches is tricky. there is a rope knotted on the inside of the hatches. I can secure the rope in a clam cleat, if I insert my hand throug the inspektion hole in the bulkhead. the hatches aft on my boat are not secured.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
A pic for clarity.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
On Zest I secure my main hatches by reaching in through the side opening before closing the polycarbonate washboards. The washboards themselves are then locked using over-centre catches, which you can see in the attached picture. Have a look at for a huge range of high quality catches.
My foreward hatches are not locked. They only open into the anchor and warp lockers. Something might get stolen at some point but so far I've not lost anything. A long time ago I spent a year cruising on a Frances 26 and didn't have a lock on the big cockpit locker, and nothing went missing from that, so fingers crossed... I've attached a picture showing the bungee arrangement I use to hold the foreward hatches shut. There's a loop on the foreward side and one on the rear. The loops then clip together with plastic hooks. Out at sea I'd also lift the other part of the loops into the hooks, which more than doubles the tension.
Hope this helps. Regards, Rob
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Thanks Rob for the heads up.I have done this on my forward hatches.
P.s can i ask you for the name and make of those hatches you use on the main hatches in bad weather?
all the best paul.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Hi Paul, they're Lewmar hatches, model 60 Low Profile. I've attached another pic of one, taken when I was installing the main hatches. They'd normally be beyond my budget but a local chandler has some sort of deal with the makers. They take surplus stock, end of line, etc, and sell it at a very good price. I still paid GBP 300 for the pair, but that was about half price. I thought it was well worth it as hatches are such a critical component when the green stuff starts climbing aboard. I had a few big ones right over the top in my Frances when crossing Biscay, and I like to know that when you shut the hatches the sea will stay outside! Zest is a GRP version of the Tiki and the folding hatches that came with her would hardly even keep rain out, so one of the first things I did was replace them with strong wood epoxy ones. I built them to suit those Lewmars.
Regards, Rob
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Our system works on Peace IV and cost very little time or money. We have eye bolts on each side of the hatch and Nev cut a piece out of one of them. There is a strip of stainless with a hole on one end and a slot on the other. The hole allows the cut eye bolt to go in there and then the strip of stainless can be drawn over the hatch and the other eye bolt fits into its slot. You just clip the lock there.
When we are in rough storm seas, we can clip a snap hook instead of a lock to secure the bar and never have we had a problem. Normal sailing we just leave them unlocked and unclipped and never have we had a problem. If we want to lock our hatches with us inside, we have a small cleat and a string that closes them and they are quick and easy to untie.
There are detailed pics of this system on our web page which Cliffton Thompson took and posted there at our request.
Ann
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Some of the types wanting to break in to your boat might make good drinking buddies, some might be down right bad asses. Since you never know, I keep a bottle of whiskey in plain view right inside the hatch'n washboard. No locks on the cabin just line for rough weather and bungee cord for everyday use. I've never found a washboard or a dinky little lock to keep the determined out of a cabin anyway and I'd rather they gain access without breaking stuff. The whiskey is there as a distraction to get their mind off the bother of taking rusty old tools, expired flares and the twenty year old VHF I leave on board if they really want to take something home with them. My nav kit is all portable so unless they are desparate there's nothing of value onboard that they can sell other than the outboard. As to Neptune raising a fuss I can secure the main hatches from inside with a strongback and line if I'm hove to in the nasties. No forward hatches on deck - didn't want the leaks. I put Hobie twist and seal hatches in the forward bulkhead that are big enough for me to squeeze through and plenty big enough to store away whatever crap I have onboard that I won't need right now! Too many people get hurt protecting a bunch of stuff that in retrospect wasn't worth the pain and agony.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Hey it's 8 years later. I've never locked my boat where ever I travel and nothing has ever been taken. What has been others' experience? Cheers.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Paul, I wondered the same thing a while back and Ann and Neville (of T46 Peace) gave me their solution. They used stainless strap, bent over the hatch. If I remember correctly, it could be completely removed. For locking, you dropped one slotted end over a ring and then rotated it 90 degrees to prevent it being lifted. The other end then went over another ring for securing with a padlock. The mounting points for the rings were blocks attached to the deck. The conversation might be on the forum still.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to Discussion
© 2021 Created by Budget Boater.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of ServiceTo assess the species of human paragonimiasis in Lao People's Democratic Republic, 6 ovum samples from 6 native confirmed paragonimiasis patients were examined with polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplifying the internal transcribed spacer 2 (ITS2). The PCR products were sequenced, and a homology search was performed using the GenBank. All 6 sequences were identical with Paragonimus heterotremus ITS2. Our work suggests that P. heterotremus may be the main etiological agent of human paragonimiasis in this locality.
American Society of Parasitologists
2008A Nairalander using the moniker franchasng has revealed what his uncle who participated in the January 15, 1966 coup told him. He said the coup plotters planned to install Chief Obafemi Awolowo as Prime Minister of Nigeria, after killing the democratically elected Prime Minister, Abubakar Tafawa Belewa.
He said:
“Nwafor Orizu the then Senate President of Nigeria had no power, had no visible contribution to the corruption happening among the first republic politicians.
“And mind you, their plan was to kill the Prime Minister Tafawa Belewa, Ahmadu Bello the Northern Emir who was leading Tafawa Belewa on towards an Islamic agenda, and then President Azikiwe who always danced to northern politicians tune.
“They planned to arrest others until Awolowo is installed as Prime Minister, but you know the man that has gun + alcohol + narcotics can go nuts cos they were under the influence of alcohol too according to my uncle.
“My late uncle that participated in the coup said they only planned to kill 3 major politicians, namely:
1.) Tafawa Belewa
2.) Nnamdi Azikiwe
3.) Ahmadu Bello”
The January 1966 coup plotters should simply have retired from the army and joined the Action Group political party to campaign for Awolowo instead of conducting a coup.Date
- Nov 13 2021
- Expired!
Time
- 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
Chemists Catalyze Change!
Help at Midland Recyclers! (located at the entrance to the Landfill, 4305 E Ashman St, Midland, MI 48642)
Please sign up for times (At the Event Link) based on the nature of your group and the type of activity you are interested in.
We ask that you please be flexible as far as activities/jobs are concerned because jobs/priorities vary daily depending on the amount/type of materials the recycling center receives.
Types of activities:
Older Child-friendly jobs:
separating/bagging plastic bags/bubble wrap
separating office paper/newspapers/catalogs
flattening/taking caps off milk jugs/water bottles etc
sweeping
Family jobs (for children and accompanying adults):
sorting table: sorting the various plastics, styrofoam, cans, aluminum, cardboard/glass etc
sorting/bagging/boxing returnables
Adult jobs:
sorting, bagging, taping batteries
balers
NOTE: Please bring a pair of thick cloth or leather gloves, and dress for cool temperatures in comfortable work clothes and closed-toed shoes. Safety glasses must also be worn in the processing area, and will be provided, as will orange vests for anyone under 18 years of age. Everyone in your party who is eligible must be vaccinated to participate; masks are encouraged for everyone!
Hourly Schedule
First Volunteer Group (11am - 9am)
- 9:00am - 11:00am
- Adult Activity (4)
- 9:00am - 11:00am
- Family Activity (2)
- minimum party of 2.
- 9am - 11am
- Older Child Activity (4)
Second Volunteer Group (11am - 1pm)
- 11:00am - 1:00pm
- Adult Activity (4)
- 11:00am - 1:00pm
- Family Activity (2)
- minimum party of 2.
- 11:00am - 1:00pm
- Older Child Activity (4)Description
This.
Stylish Design
You’ll love the stunning picture when it’s on and marvel at its appearance when it’s off. Its sleek, elegant design will appeal to even the most refined sense of style.
USB & HDMI Ports.3
- USB: Yes, x
- Support for Software Update outside
- Support HDTV component input
- Mobile High-Definition Link
- Digital PVR recording
Power
- Power Consumption: 56 Watts.
- Power Supply: AC 220-240V 50/60Hz.
- Stand By Consumption
-Ingredients60ml (1/4 cup) maple syrup
1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 1 teaspoon juice
4 Boskoop or other great pie apples —peeled, cored and thinly sliced
1 egg white, beaten
2 tablespoons large crystal sugar like turbinado
Pie crust, purchased or home made
PreparationPreheat oven to 200°C (400°F) and line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper. Unroll the pie crust.
In a medium bowl, combine the maple syrup with the lemon zest and a pinch of salt. Add the apples and lemon juice and toss well. Arrange the apples on the dough in 2 concentric circles, leaving a 3-inch border all around. Fold the edge of the dough up and over the apples, overlapping the dough on itself as needed. Brush the rim with the egg white and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar.
Bake the pie in the center of the oven until the crust is golden and firm and the apples are tender, about 55 minutes. Transfer the cookie sheet to a rack to cool. Slide the pie onto a plate, cut into wedges and serve.John Miller
John Miller is a Liberal Democrats candidate in Victoria in the Newport local by-election.
John Miller online
- The party's candidate page for this person
- John Miller's CV, statement to voters, homepage - please use our crowdsourcing website to add it.Add or edit details »
You can also email John Miller directly to ask them to add information to this page. Ask the candidate for more information »
All elections where you live
Enter your postcode to get information about elections, your candidates and where to vote.You’ve been dating only a few months. You couldn’t possibly be in love yet, could you? Recently, a client told me she couldn’t possibly be in love with her boyfriend of three months because she didn’t know everything about him. Is it possible to be in love with someone you barely know?
The truth is that it can take no time to fall in love. If we meet someone we have a deep instant connection with, like a Twin Flame, we might feel love immediately and wonder how could this be? Love isn’t rational. Love can happen in an instant. Yet we could also date someone for a year or more and not be in love with them. Can you imagine marrying someone and not being in love? It does happen.
If you wonder whether your butterflies and fast beating heart need a doctor, you are correct, you need A Love Doctor!
You Are Probably In Love If You Feel….
You’re certain you’ve found the ‘perfect’ partner.
You magnify the good qualities of your beloved, minimize or don’t notice the flaws.
You feel so excited you can’t sleep.
You feel fully alive and spontaneous.
Little things become wondrous.
You joyously give to your beloved.
You feel connected outside of yourself.
You do things you’ve never thought you would ever do for your partner.
How Do You Know You Are Falling Out Of Love
You realize you haven’t found the ‘perfect’ partner.
You magnify the flaws of your beloved, minimize or don’t notice the good qualities
You return to too much structure and become bored.
Little things and extraordinary things are taken for granted.
You start demanding and taking.
You return to self-absorption now that you’ve ‘got’ your partner.
Keeping intense attraction and romantic love alive is possible. Couples that continue to do new or challenging self-expanding experiences together tend to have the most intense love, according to Psychology Today.
“Novel and arousing activities are, well, arousing, which people can misattribute as attraction to their partner, reigniting that initial spark,” writes Amie Gordan in the Berkeley Science Review.
Neediness and caretaking are arch-enemies of erotic desire and can put the flame out completely. Couples that maintain their independence will remain much more attractive to one another over the long haul. When we witness our partner participating separately from us and being successful and skilled we feel more attracted to them constantly seeing them in a new light. A little mystery doesn’t hurt either. When you think about it, there is no neediness in desire.Telehealth Services: Video Therapy Available Call 678-893-5300 to Schedule an Appointment.
Lately, there have been a lot of unknowns. With these unknowns, undoubtedly comes fear, anxiety, confusion, and sadness. It is natural and expected to be concerned right now. But how do we know when we have crossed the line to unhealthy anxiety and worry?
Worry can feel out of control. These thoughts do not come and go; they seem to stay and run in circles through your mind. It is not as simple as a light switch where we can turn off our anxiety; it sometimes can feel like it has a mind of its own. Worrying brings with it stress and a lot of unwanted tension into your mind and body. Worrying seems to come a lot easier during a time when it feels like you cannot escape the negative information being thrown at you.
Concern can be a healthy way of looking at a stressful or negative situation. You can be concerned, but not let the distressful feelings consume your daily life. When you are concerned, you are not ignoring the situation, but you are also not letting the feelings and anxiousness surrounding it take over your mind. Being concerned does not mean ignoring the situation. Continue doing your part: wash your hands, practice social distancing, staying informed on the coronavirus. With concern, there is balance and boundaries.
How do you shift your thinking from worry to concern?
It is important to remember that you are not in this alone. Everyone is facing the same uncertainty. Concern can be healthy, and although this is a scary time, always remember that this uncertainty will pass.Elks Lodge @ Granite City, Ill.
Gateway Heritage Championship: Gary Jay pinned Jeremy Wyatt (c) with a rolling elbow in a No Disqualification match to win the title – 19:05
Aaron Williams pinned Kevin Ku with a victory roll – 9:09
Jake Dirden pinned Dak Draper with a spear – 9:08
Derek Neal pinned Craig Mitchell with a fisherman buster – 7:58
Victor Analog pinned Alice Crowley with a basement flying knee strike – 5:35
Billie Starkz def. Everett Connors, Thomas Shire, and Greg Jovi (substituting for Moonshine Mantell) in a four-way elimination to win the Tammy Jovi Memorial Cup; Shire PIN Jovi, Starkz PIN Shire, and Starkz pinned Connors with a victory roll – 8:09
Kenny Alfonso pinned Ace Perry after a frog splash – 6:52
Warhorse def. Kevin Lee Davidson by sharpshooter submission – 10:15
Camaro Jackson, Campbell Myers, & S.K. Bishop def. Christian Rose, Manders, & Big Beef; Jackson pinned Rose from a triple-team powerbomb – 6:36
Kody Lane pinned JDX with a double underhook piledriver – 6:22
Anakin Murphy pinned Solomon Tupu by escaping a Samoan Drop attempt and getting the rollup pin – 4:49
(reverse order)FF:UZSJ1A105X 20th Century Spanish Liter. I - Course Information
UZSJ1A105X 20th Century Spanish Literature IFaculty of Arts
Autumn 2007
- Extent and Intensity
- 1/1/0. 2 credit(s). Type of Completion: z (credit).
- Teacher(s)
- PhDr. Athena Alchazidu, Ph.D. (lecturer)
- Guaranteed by
- doc. Mgr. Petr Stehlík,
- Upper Secondary School Teacher Training in Spanish Language and Literature (programme FF, N-SS)
- Language of instruction
- Spanish
- Further Comments
- The course is taught annually.
The course is taught: every week.
- Enrolment Statistics (Autumn 2007, recent)
- Permalink:Staff at Peninsula Dental Social Enterprise (PDSE) are celebrating their recent success at the Plymouth Herald Business Awards.
PDSE won the prestigious Social Enterprise of the Year Award, sponsored by the University of St Mark and St John.
More than 600 people attended the glitzy ceremony where 17 local businesses were honoured, picking up their awards from Herald editor Paul Burton and city businesswomen, and star of TV’s The Apprentice, Charleine Wain.
Clare Featherstone, commercial manager of Peninsula Dental Social Enterprise, said: “We’re really pleased. This is a proper team effort from all the staff supporting the people of Plymouth.”
PDSE was nominated for the award in recognition of its groundbreaking work in oral health that has benefited the people of Plymouth and gained recognition both nationally and internationally.Exactly How To Straighten Out Pearly Whites Effectively And Without Mosting Likely To The Dental Expert – Get Outcomes Today
How to correct the alignment of teeth can be a daunting task for a lot of people. Teeth that are uneven or misaligned provide not only embarrassment however also can cost you a considerable amount of pain as well as discomfort. As a result of this a great deal of individuals will certainly look for the most convenient suggestions on just how to straighten out teeth and also make their smiles look its finest. We will certainly go through a few of these pointers in this write-up and consider the advantages they have over others when it concerns tooth straightening.
Lots of orthodontists utilize a range of various approaches to straighten your teeth. Among these approaches involves making use of taken care of retainers. These are extremely similar to the clear plastic retainers that dental practitioners used to promote in the 1960s. Fixed retainers are used for a defined amount of time by the client and also can after that be changed with a new one.
One more oral treatment made use of to aid individuals align teeth is referred to as linguistic retainers. The idea behind this dental procedure is to put the maintained product on the outside of your teeth. This product is designed to move back right into area when your natural teeth progress. You will be given a range of oral trays to wear during this procedure which are made from porcelain to ensure that stains as well as bacteria are kept at bay.
Oral braces are additionally a popular as well as efficient correct the alignment of teeth treatment. These are the more traditional form of straighteners readily available and are typically made from stainless-steel. These braces work by tightening up the muscular tissues that maintain your teeth appropriately straightened. One of the more contemporary versions of this treatment now make use of unseen dental braces which are far more invisible than the retainers of old.
Invisalign aligners – this type of therapy makes use of clear plastic aligners that you put on in your mouth for one hour a day for four to 6 weeks. This treatment is executed in your dental expert’s workplace and is a reasonably pain-free treatment that can be carried out in just a couple of sessions. It’s suggested that you do a preliminary clean before starting the program, as it can be hard to eliminate them every 2 weeks, but after the first cleanse, they are essentially impossible to eliminate without aid.
If these typical approaches do not function, or if you would certainly choose to go the entirely all-natural path, there are other choices offered. The most popular as well as prominent method of straightening out teeth today is referred to as Invisalign. If you go this route, you can either obtain Invisalign aligners directly from your dentist or have your cosmetic dentist do them for you. Invisalign aligners are custom-made fit to your teeth, and also they will straighter your smile than anything you could accomplish using typical techniques. They are extremely cost effective, which is an extra reward, because you can conserve cash without sacrificing quality.
Another choice available to you if you ‘d like to recognize just how to correct the alignment of teeth without visiting a dentist is the use of unseen dental braces. Metal braces are still utilized by some individuals, particularly young adults, but for lots of people they are thought about too pricey and also as well uncomfortable. Invisible dental braces, on the other hand, are far more comfy than steel braces, and are offered at many different cost arrays. If you can not pay for conventional braces or you don’t believe you need them, this might be an excellent option for you. The disadvantage is that they can not be removed quickly; as a result, it might be essential to wear them constantly.
Maybe the very best option readily available for those that want just how to correct the alignment of teeth without going to the dental professional, is to obtain economical teeth aligning online. There are lots of wonderful websites supplying treatments for your uneven smile, and they’re generally very affordable. The very best part concerning them is that you can get a test prior to you choose if it’s right for you. In this manner, you can see if the treatment is actually best for you, prior to you pay for it. In a lot of cases, this is a fantastic method to obtain the treatment you require, with minimal problem to on your own.
Clear Braces
Clear braces are contemporary orthodontics appliances which are specifically designed to merge into the all-natural teeth of the individual. These special gadgets are generally utilized to correct children as well as grownups dealing with cosmetic concerns, such as jagged or crowded teeth. Clear dental braces are usually a recommended choice over cumbersome metal braces, which can commonly end up being a problem for any type of client. The main benefit of clear dental braces is that they are undetectable to all but the closest inspection, therefore allowing the individuals to have an energetic social life. Patients might additionally go with these dental braces because they do not require any kind of changes, maintenance or adjustments for them. These are normally gotten young teenagers who have straight teeth however wish to boost them.
Clear braces additionally have several pros. They can be worn by individuals of any type of age, which substantially minimizes the expenditures related to orthodontists’ gos to. Given that the braces are much less noticeable than steel braces, they can be put on by both men and also women. Some people additionally choose these dental braces since they are less expensive than the metal varieties. One more pro is that clear dental braces do not cause pain or inflammation.
One of one of the most common kinds of clear dental braces is undetectable aligner trays. This kind of orthodontist system can be adjusted by hand by the orthodontist or can be pre-adjusted by the person before their initial see. The most essential advantage of using unnoticeable aligner trays is that they are much less visible than metal brackets. Another benefit is that aligner trays can be removed for cleaning between teeth while individuals are wearing undetectable dental braces. Undetectable aligner trays are perfect for patients with crooked teeth or those with minor tooth imbalance.
Some clear dental braces make use of cords together with brackets as well as unseen aligners. The cables made use of in undetectable braces are slim, stainless-steel wires that are positioned inside braces. The cables are so slim that they can not be seen from the front. The cables are put inside the braces as well as kept in location until the client begins to chew on something. Once the person quits chewing, the wires are launched as well as are left where they were previously. The wires assist relocate the alignment of the teeth into the right placement.
This technology can also be fitted with clear braces to remedy minor misalignment problems. If you have actually misaligned brackets, the clear braces will certainly hold them in their appropriate place. Since clear braces are clear, they can not be found by other individuals. An additional pro is that the wires used in clear dental braces do not aggravate the gums, cheeks, or tongue. Using undetectable aligner trays or clear dental braces is also much less invasive than metal braces besides the elimination of the steel braces. Metal dental braces can create swelling, pain, and also direct exposure of the mouth to pain.
Ceramic clear dental braces additionally do not make a lot of sound, so they are more discreet than steel braces. They can be custom-made fit to patients’ mouths making use of specially-made aligners and also brackets. Patients can change the tension setups to get the appearance they want. Ceramic clear braces are the most safe choice for grownups due to the fact that they are undetectable, comfy, and easy to use.Joe in Estate & Trust Litigation.IA 32nd Inf Co K. Residence: Story County, Iowa. Born 30 Apr 1844 at Etne, Hordaland, Norway, son of Lars Eriksen Grindheim and Magdella Larsdatter Tungesvig. He came to America with his parents and three siblings on “Kong Sverre”, which sailed from Bergen about 11 May 1847 and arrived in New York on 21 Jun 1847. They came to Nettle Creek Township, Grundy County, Illinois. In 1855, they moved to Iowa. Civil War: Age 18. Enlisted 16 Aug 1862. Mustered 3 Sep 1862. Private. Promoted to Corporal, 1 Jun 1865. Mustered out 24 Aug 1865, Clinton, Iowa. Post war: Died in Randall, Hamilton County, Iowa, 22 Jul 1876. Sources: (ISW-V p119) (Ulvestad p265) (Naeseth ’47-343) “Sheldal, Erik L.” “Grindheim, Erik Larsen”Blizzard just revealed a major announcement. Basically, the studio is set to debut its “Overwatch” spectating mechanics come November 3 and November 4. But before all of these happen at the highly anticipated “Overwatch World Cup,” the developer will be showcasing an exciting revelation.
In-game team uniforms
The company just posted a video on the official Twitter page of “Overwatch,” and it is called “Behind the Scenes: Evolving Overwatch Esports.” This simply details the entire developmental process the developer underwent. But among all the technical talk in the video, there is an exciting feature that every fan must look forward to.
Well, it is none other than the in-game team uniforms.
Last week, we shared how we're working to evolve Overwatch esports.— Overwatch (@PlayOverwatch) November 2, 2017
Now, learn about the tech that will make these improvements possible! pic.twitter.com/0UH67G4jmX
To put it simply, Blizzard will be overhauling the entire “Overwatch” league experience – both for the fans and the eSports pro players. For the tournament, each team will be wearing their very own organization-branded skins in the game. For instance, the home team is expected to wear vibrant colors, while the away team is set to don relegated to light colors. This means that spectators will no longer have to worry about differentiating the players based on a red or blue outline.
With just a quick glance, they can immediately tell which side a player is.
How the uniforms will work
Apparently, Blizzard will introduce some interesting features to the in-game uniforms. According to Dot Esports, the colors will be reflected in a certain perspective in the user interface display. So, if a spectator is watching a Swedish player, the interface will showcase a blue color.
If the spectator switches to the opposite team, the interface will automatically set the color. Moreover, the specially-designed color interface will include all the blasts emitted from a character’s weapon.
Apart from the upcoming in-game uniforms, the video detailed other features the “Overwatch” developers are working. These are basically the features they introduced in a Developer Update video released October 26.
Fans can also expect a robust top-down view, though it is meant for the broadcasters at the “Overwatch World Cup.” This, including a third-person smart camera, is set to make a debut at the tournament.
The highly anticipated league will begin November 3, with Sweden going up against the United Kingdom. The tournament will continue the next day, where a champion will finally be announced.The origin of the TVA: Everything you need to know
The Time variance authority made its first appearance in Thor issue 371 in 1986 and were created by Walt Simonson Sal Buscema.
The time variance authority is an extremely large bureaucracy that govern countless realities all over the universe and exist and work from a different time zone.
According to them all the members of the authority were born and breed to work as a specific part of a team. This was later found out to be false in the last few Disney Loki episodes.
The new lore bought to light how the TVA workers were not born and breed for the job but in fact taken from their time line as variances.
The TVA has said control over all of the timelines in the multiverses with many people fighting over it and many enemies.
One of the most notable enemies it had was Kang the Conqueror, but with the new advancement of the story line was found out to be the man behind the show. Kang the conqueror made the TVA when he realized that having a singular time line away from all the chaos as well as preventing timelines and clones to be mixed up.
Another one of the TVA’s notable enemies is Alioth, who is a purple-ish creature known for destroying everything in its path and erasing it from ever existing. Alioth in the new episodes is also seen to be tamed and used by Kang.
The Time Variance Authority is also going to make its appearance in the new Ant man and the Wasp movie.
The Tva also uses a set of very futuristic yet retro looking gadgets-
TemPads: they are probably the most important device in Loki. Armed with a small screen one can use it to travel to whenever and where ever they want with the help of Time doors created by these TemPads, they also monitor any Nexus events that may occur and how much time they have left till a time branch starts to appear.
Miss minutes: Miss minutes is a digital assistance voiced by none other than Tara Strong, she can also be accessed on TemPads and pulls out any file or video you may need in a split second.
Pruning Batons: these batons carried around by the TVA on field workers can be used to ”prune” anyone and delete them from existence. With a slick black look and a glowing target light on one end, it is a powerful weapon.
Reset Charges: this technology is used to wipe out a whole time line as we know it, destroying and deleting everything it touches.
Time Twisters/collars: these gadgets are light and hand held and are worn around the neck of a variant to keep them in place by pulling them back in time to their original place avoiding anything from happening.
2 thoughts on “The origin of the TVA: Everything you need to know”Year 2 News
Thursday 1st April | No comments yet
We have had another busy week in Year 2. We have finished our Africa and fractions topics. Please find the White Rose Maths fraction booklets in your child’s bookbag. This is for you to complete at home as consolidation if you wish.
English/Geography
We have been writing about what life is like for children in rural and urban Kenya this week.
We listened to the story of Evangeline who lives on a farm in rural Kenya. We talked about her day and how her life is both similar and different to ours. We then wrote a diary of her day.
We also found out about Nana who lives in urban Kenya, the capital city Nairobi. We compared life in urban and rural Kenya and used conjunctions such as and, so, but, whereas.
Maths
This week we have been working on reading and writing fractions sentences involving amounts. We have also learned about equivalent fractions. We finished the week with a topic assessment. The children have found this topic quite tricky. If you do have any spare time, please have a look at the questions in the White Rose maths booklet.
Art
In art this week, the children have created some beautiful African silhouette sunsets.
Other activities
We enjoyed working as a team to look for Easter eggs hidden around the school grounds. Each team had their own clue sheet which gave the order to find the eggs. We then had to run to find each egg and back to our team in order. Thank you to Miss Carter for organising!
After the holidays
- We are looking forward to talking to you at parent’s evening. Please make sure you have booked your appointment.
- We will be starting a new topic based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. It would be great if you are able to watch the movie over the holidays.
- Maths after the holidays will be measurement including time. Can your child tell the time to o’clock and half past on an analogue clock?
Have a lovely break. Let’s hope we have plenty of sunshine to enjoy!
Stay safeThe Dorothea B. Hoover Historical Museum
Merle Evans & Circus Tent Miniature Circus Exhibit
Merle Evans is a famous Band leader from the Circus world that even played for Ringling Brothers) from Fun house mirrors to the sounds from the Big Top. Enter the circus exhibit and step back in time to when the Circus coming to town was a Main Event.
Empire District Electric Company Exhibit
From Telephone switchboards to Washing machines visit the Electric Company Exhibit and see how technology in Joplin has changed thru the years
House of Lords Exhibit
Check out the House of Lords exhibit to find out how the gentlemen of early Joplin spent their free time in one of Joplin’s most notorious houses of ill repute.
Medical Exhibit
The Dr is in… The medical exhibit carries us back to a time when medicine wasn’t quite as sophisticated as it is today.
The National Historical Cookie Cutter Exhibit
Cookie Cutters everywhere! Cookie Cutters from the turn of the century to modern day. Check out his impressive collection.
Doll Collection
Joplin History Museum Houses an impressive doll collection including China Porcelain dolls and even dolls with Human hair.
Bonnie and Clyde
Checkout the items left behind by Bonnie and Clyde during their infamous stay in Joplin.
Military Exhibit
The Joplin Sports Hall of Fame
This exhibit has memorabilia from some of Sports biggest names. From Carl Richards to Mickey Mantle. Stop in and see who you know.
Famous Joplinites
Dennis Weaver and Langston Hughes aren’t the only famous people from Joplin and the surrounding area. Check out our exhibits and see how many you knew were from here.***
Local Joplin History Exhibits
Check out the many exhibits referring to early Joplin. From its Founding to examples of the lavish life styles of the founding fathers of the Mining Boom Town days. ***
Soda Shop
Step back into a turn of the century drugstore and soda fountain.
Belsnickle Exhibit
Creations by Carthage artist Linda Lindquist Baldwin
Parkwood / Memorial High Schools Memorabilia ExhibitGrass-fed ground beef can improve your heart health, your brain health, and even your child’s brain development.
By now you know that grass-fed beef has 2/3 less fat than conventional grain-fed beef. (Which means that grass-fed beef has roughly the same amount of fat as a skinless chicken breast.1) But one of the most important differences between grass-fed and grain-fed beef can’t be seen by the naked eye: Grass-fed beef is chock-full of healthy Omega-3 fatty acids, which are essential for heart and brain health. Even better, grass-fed beef has a Omega-6/Omega-3 ratio which may actually help prevent some diseases2.Which is a technical way of saying that Farmer Girl grass-fed beef is as good for your head and heart as it is for your taste buds. And here’s the science to prove it:
What are Omega-3s?
Omega-3s are the heart-friendly ?good? fats. Good? They’re practically magical! Those of
us with lots of Omega-3s in our blood are 50% less likely to suffer a heart attack. In animal studies, scientists found that Omega-3s slowed the growth of some cancers. But perhaps Omega-3s are best known for their brain-building power. People with more Omega-3s are less likely to suffer from depression, schizophrenia, ADD, or Alzheimer’s Disease. 3And Omega-3s are necessary for your future superhero kiddos to develop strong, healthy brains, an essential superpower for all superheroes. Brain development starts in the womb, which is why doctors recommend that pregnant women eat plenty of Omega-3s in their diet. So why do you have to absorb these fabulous fatty acids through your diet? Because your body can’t make them on its own. Not even superheroes can produce them! Omega-3s are only found in green grass, leaves and algae. Fortunately, Farmer Girl grass-fed cattle produce a meat that’s up to 60% higher in Omega-3s.4, because we raise them entirely on native prairie grasses, making them one of the best ways you can get Omega-3s into your diet.
In fact, just 4 ounces of Farmer Girl ground beef has almost twice as many Omega-3s as supermarket, grain-fed beef. And it has a whopping six times as many Omega-3s as a glass of milk. Instead of telling our kids to “drink your milk,” tell them to “eat your Farmer Girl beef!” (although let’s not take it too far and ask them to put ground beef on their cereal in the morning!) Now, here’s where it gets interesting. It’s not enough to have lots of good, healthy Omega-3s in your diet.
The ratio of your Omega-6 fatty acids to your Omega-3s is also important. Back in the caveman days, our diets had roughly equal Omega-6s and 3s. But the typical Western diet today has a ratio more like 15:1. And a high ratio like that actually promotes cardiovascular disease, cancer, inflammatory and autoimmune disease.5Super scary! Farmer Girl ground beef boosts a ratio of 3:1, closer to our caveman ancestors. According to New York Times Best-Selling Author Dr. Joseph Mercola: .”6
That’s so important we’re going to repeat it – grass-fed beef has a safe, good-for-you Omega-6/Omega-3 ratio. Supermarket grain-fed meat does not. So enjoy your Farmer Girl grass-fed ground beef. It’s super yummy, lower in fat and
higher in heart-healthy, brain-building Omega 3s. What a delicious way to stay healthy and train for Superhero domination!
1eatwild.org – health benefits 2 The Importance of the Ratio of Omega-6/Omega-3 Essential Fatty Acids 3 4 5 The importance of the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 essential fatty acids 6 Why Grassfed Animal Products Are Better For You
Please share your thoughts in the comments.Episode 8
"More About Jesus!" | Week 8 – He Must Increase
SHOW NOTES: Do you ever struggle with comparing yourself to others? The disciples of John the Baptist wondered why many people were now following Jesus instead of John. With great wisdom, John assures them that he is fulfilling the very purpose and plan God had for his life and earthly ministry. His words are powerful, “He must increase, but I must decrease.” John understood this truth and totally accepted God’s purpose for his life.
Scripture Passage: John 3:22-36Description
With a 9 pellet payload, Spartan’s 00 Buckshot will provide good stopping power for medium to large game.
It is commonly noted by reviewers as “excellent ammo for the price”.
Next hunting trip when you are taking your 12ga out, make sure you pick up a box or slab of Spartan Buckshot 9P.
Australian shooters choose Spartan shot shells for their ability to consistently perform to a high standard, all for a very modest price.
Competitive shooters use Spartan Ammunition, read what they have to say about it >]
touchscreens
Ford Placates Customers, Brings Back Volume Knobs
Back. [More]
Make Your Own Screen Protector
Make.Prior to choosing a bonus representative from inside the South africa an investor ought to glance at the kinds of the tools you can industry having a different rep. If you are no-deposit rewards is popular among investments lenders, however some associated with the pointed out bankers in addition provide shows, merchandise, crití¨res, and to cryptocurrencies you’re able to business. AvaTrade also enables trades options trading , that is provided by not one other other bankers. People also need to make sure it properly evaluate the standards on precisely how to support far from promised further. As well as cent advantages, you can expect to pick complimentary spins which should enables the players you need to a try on a port rounded without having to pay for their might investment. This sort of advertisments are being used for a marketing approach to showcase the experience, or just exciting the player on their own participation.
- The secret is that you won’t have to pay a financial for those free of charge fits, meaning you can easily success real cash with no endangering your very own.
- Called buddies need verifly accoumt your honor belonging to the £several.
- Your No-deposit bonus are automatically attributed once questioned and it’s designed for exchange immediately out.
- Mobile casinos supplies, also is dated the players, a ton of advertisments being nodeposit rewards also free of cost credit offer.
- Get started with to relax and play nowadays and revel in free of charge expenditure love no time before.
- You can decide on fights with the lower differences, consequently to stop fights for big advanced jackpots in order to a number of further possesses.
Cashing away very early can lead to voiding associated with the entire advertisements. Money bonuses usually are not cashable and will also be withdrawn through to withdrawal. Keep in mind that free of charge chips happens to be cashable and as a consequence simply not disposed. A mainstream gambling requisite at Castle with the Filmed try fifteen period your own first deposit great extra terms. Free of cost potato chips is definitely a new case and need the greatest 20 nights rollover somewhat.
Video slots Belonging to the Las vegas No-deposit Bonus Signal
Frequently, operators indicate the most price tag which will a member get your if someone reloads the sum of the sum. Tune in that could a couple online casino best deal surprise are designed just by beginners that consider the enrollment procedure of initially. Meanwhile, handheld casinos bear in mind regarding fascinating users.
Sorts of Betting No deposit Further Offers
You will attain the cost-free money in to your visibility and also baseball one best casino games. A gambling establishment without any depositrequired is an ideal option for athletes that with the beginning of the playing adventure. They don’t question lots of but provide people with a significant advantage. Try to select one of the most effective gambling casino as well as to sign-up $two hundred no deposit other rules it is simple to say the sale. Commence with to tackle right now and savor free of cost charge enjoy never before. $200 no-deposit excess Usa is a superb playing will offer for any online players.
You will end up pleased to realize that offers are an easy way to practice swap on the items, investing, but also cryptocurrencies. That way, you will get the rules for the the forex market, and in case you’re making a mistake, an individual won’t be forced to pay for its error your self. There are some other reputable brokers nonetheless handing out no-deposit bonuses, sometimes called the best “adopt additional”. Nevertheless, the idea of a zero cost other no-deposit is common.
Friends free of charge potato chips use a 30x betting obligations whenever you stick to slots as well as to keno so to the greatest 60x obligations any time you sporting board games because video poker. You additionally have a max cent-from the $one hundred for every single cost-free processor chip explained. Dead alongside real time hint you needed to put a money and various other gold coins in before every twist, our very own dedication to conformity keeps led us to make sure that we’ve been entirely certified. Really, based on the needs established by several stringent European regulatory bodies.
Need to know Betting Standards As well as how Can they Succeed?
One sports so you can win $/£/€ 200, but the gambling requirement is thirty five era. Your very own upset requirement is spoke in the next kinds, gambling criteria 35x. Cost-free moves are a phrase try popular, but it really’s simply not usually the one terms made use of. Its own operators refer to it as different some thing, such as Ultra Moves because Actual Moves. The last results in any gain from the free of charge moves try risk free of cost.
Within Gold Nugget Casino, case in point, the players find declare a 100% sign up extra, up to $both,100, that comes through a 10x playthrough needs. Various gambling websites stretch welcome supplementary provides you with, but the consideration differ throughout the various other networking sites. Appropriate online casinos gives you a diverse set of benefits, permitting the participants to earn free of charge gambling credits. A few of these extra provides you with require a finance, once you are more promotions install no-cost breaks within a member’s strength simply for joining a unique member profile. Sporadically, some gambling enterprises give fully out individual no-deposit benefits. Both to get fresh the participants, either it’s easy to advantage many loyal data, regarding situation their VIP customers or to treat the players using some of their sponsors also to collaborators.Storyline: Haepiniseu 2021
Annika (2021–)
Annika 2021 The sharp, witty and enigmatic DI Annika Strandhed, as she heads up a new specialist Marine Homicide Unit MHU that is tasked with investigating the unexplained, brutal, and seemingly unfathomable murders
Wizards TV Series (2020– )
The third installment of DreamWork's 'Tales of Arcadia' trilogy.
Almost Family
Not Just Me (2019 ) A woman who grew up as an only child discovers that her dad fathered many other children as a sperm donor.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (2010–)
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 2010 A reality series that follows some of the most affluent women in the country as they enjoy the lavish lifestyle that only Beverly Hills can provide
Miss Scarlet and the Duke (2020 )
Miss Scarlet and the Duke (2020 ) Eliza Scarlet joins forces with a Scotland Yard Inspector to solve crime in 19th century London.
Mythomaniac (2019)
Mythomaniac (2019) Desperate to get her family attention, an overworked mother, lie to them about her condition.
Brassic (2019 )
Brassic (2019 ) A six-part comedy series set in Lancashire about the lives of Vinnie (Joseph Gilgan) and Dylan (Damien Molony), whom have grown up together and are inseparable. When Dylan's girlfriend want...
Fast & Furious: Spy Racers (2019 )
Fast & Furious: Spy Racers (2019 ) A team of teenage street racers are hired to infiltrate a criminal gang.
Challenger: The Final Flight (2020)
Challenger: The Final Flight (2020) Four-part docuseries on the 1986 Challenger space shuttle disaster, unpacking an indelible moment for a generation of Americans.Information Sources for Investigation
Information Sources
Information relevant to a safety investigation can be acquired from a variety of sources, including:
a) Physical examination of the equipment used during the safety event. This may include examining the front-line equipment used, its components, and the workstations and equipment used by supporting personnel (e.g. ATCOs, maintenance and servicing personnel).
b) Documentation spanning a broad spectrum of the operation, for example:
- maintenance records and logs;
- personal records/logbooks;
- certificates and licences;
- in-house personnel and training records and work schedules;
- operator’s manuals and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs);
- training manuals and syllabi;
- manufacturers’ data and manuals;
- regulatory authority records;
- weather forecasts, records and briefing material; and
- flight planning documents;
- aeronautical information publications.
c) Recordings (flight recorders, ATC radar / flight data and voice tapes, etc.). These may provide useful information for determining the sequence of events. In addition to traditional flight data recordings, maintenance recorders in new generation aircraft are a potential additional source of information.
d) Interviews conducted with individuals directly or indirectly involved in the safety event. These can provide a principal source of information for any investigation. In the absence of measurable data, interviews may be the only source of information. More importantly, interviews are often the only way to answer the important ‘why’ question, which in turn will facilitate the establishment of appropriate and effective safety improvement recommendations.
e) Direct observation of actions performed by operating or maintenance personnel in their work environment. This can reveal information about potential unsafe conditions. However, the persons being observed must be aware of the purpose of the observations.
f) Simulations. These permit reconstruction of an occurrence and can facilitate a better understanding of the sequence of events that led up to the occurrence, and the manner in which personnel responded to the event. Computer simulations can be used to reconstruct events using data from on-board recorders, ATC radar / flight data / voice recordings and other physical evidence.
g) Specialist advice. Investigators cannot be experts in every field related to the operational environment. It is important that they realize their limitations. When necessary, they must be willing to consult with other professionals during an investigation.
h) Safety databases. Useful supporting information may come from accident/incident databases, in-house hazard and incident reporting systems, confidential reporting programmes, systems for monitoring line operations (e.g. flight data analysis, Line Operations Safety Audit (LOSA) and Normal Operations Safety Survey (NOSS) programmes), manufacturers’ databases, etc.Think about a few of these things before you go vote at the poll or mail in your vote.
Former Governor Terry “McAwful” wants to be your next governor (again) but he thinks that you should not be telling the experts on the School Boards what you think they should be putting in the school curriculum. Does this concern you or are you ok with it? How about getting back to reading, writing, and arithmetic for starters?
Terry McAwful also says that Mr. Youngkin is a rich millionaire and has made money off the poor people. (Would you want to entrust your 401K to someone who will invest it wisely and increase your return so you can have a nicer retirement or just give it to any company?)
Did McAwful tell you that he was the money man who raised/fleeced funds from big donors and corporations for Bill and Hillary Clinton and the Democratic party?
McAwful has also had some questionable companies: He cashed out his shares of one business (Global Crossings), took his $8.1 million and left. The business went bankrupt the next year. His Wikipedia page states he “gave 32 wealthy Chinese nationals EB-5 visas in exchange for $560,000 investments into GreenTech Automotive, which exceeded the Department of Homeland Security’s determined quota for GreenTech Automotive he was involved in.” You can Google this and find interesting stories.
Other than that, he has been in politics almost his whole life.
Have you ever wondered why these companies (hospitals, airlines, and big companies) are firing employees left and right for not getting a COVID-19 shot? Do you know that that if the employees do not get the shot and they do any work with the federal government, under executive (presidential) orders, the company could potentially get fined $70,000-plus per occurrence per person for serious violations and $720,000-plus for repeated violations? Just how long would any company last shelling out that kind of money? That, and no other reason, is why they are cutting employees. Now is that a “make jobs bill” or what?
What do you think of that great $15 per hour living wage? Have you noticed that when you go out to eat, the bill is like double now and service is scarce? That ripped the food industry apart, and a lot of restaurants will never return. How is that for a “make jobs bill?”
The Democratic-controlled legislature in Virginia added a few cents on the gas tax for I-81 improvements a few years ago. I have not seen any construction or talk going on with I-81.
And just how is that $3-plus gasoline price working out for you and your family now that the Democrats are pushing to go green? Ready to spend $50,000-plus for a new green car along with sending your kids to college and buying some groceries?
Be sure to not vote for Democrats and higher taxes in November.
Earl Gratzer
Frederick CountyVintage Walt Disney World Adventures Club Member Black Pin Back Button / Pin
IN GOOD CONDITION COMES WITH PIN ONLY HAS LIGHT WEAR PIN NEEDLE IS SLIGHTLY BENT. TO VISIT MY STORE >>. FEEL FREE TO MESSAGE US FOR SERIOUS AND REASONABLE OFFERS. The item "Vintage Walt Disney World Adventures Club Member Black Pin Back Button / Pin" is in sale since Tuesday, December 1, 2015. This item is in the category "Collectibles\Disneyana\Contemporary (1968-Now)\Pins, Patches & Buttons\Theme Parks\Walt Disney World". The seller is "thecrewmbd" and is located in Groveland, Florida. This item can be shipped worldwide.
Modified Item: No
Country/Region of Manufacture: Unknown
Brand: Disney
Vintage Walt Disney
Service Agreement:format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-68083-1488478477-5837.jpeg.jpg)
2000
Label: Knowledge Magazine - KNOW 11 • Format: CD Mixed • Country: UK • Genre: Electronic • Style: Drum n Bass
CD Cassette DVD Box Set Genre. Rock Show. Singles & EPs: RNT Substance (2) Rude Girls / The Killing / Crazy Horse 2 versions: RuffNeck Ting Records: RNT Substance (2) Breakbeat Culture Selection.
View details of Michael Wojcicki releases on vinyl, CD and mp3 downloads at rolldabeats online dance music discography resource.
If you've landed here because you liked Vol. 3, you're likely to be disappointed. Some great tracks here but some of the mixing is wreaked (2nd mix ever wh.
2 2a 3 3a 4 4a 5 6 7 0 2. When the eleven tubes have been prepared, mix the contents of each tube well by closing the tube with Parafilm and inverting the tube. Then, using the pipet pump (do not mouth- pipetFile Size: 19KB.
View details of Knowledge Magazine releases on vinyl, CD and mp3 downloads at rolldabeats online dance music discography resource.
Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) (Mono) - The Beatles - Pepperland (CD) Police Brutality - Hii - Fi* - Teach The Right Thing (Vinyl, LP, Album) Soulfood - Brothers And Systems - Transcontinental Weekend (CD, Album)Learn Spanglish with Pedro Pascal
Ever wanted to understand weird Spanglish phrases? Well, now you can, in this Vanity Fair video with the one and only, sassy and sarcastic, funny and (dare I say) charming, Pedro Pascal. You’ve probably seen him on television as Oberyn Martell in Game of Thrones and Agent Javi Peña in Narcos. He’s a brilliant actor, pero like, let’s face it: he’s even better as a Spanglish professor.
What were some Spanglish phrases you’ve heard or used that we missed?
#SpanglishWithLatinX #PedroPascalhappy easter!
April 1, 2021
For kids everywhere, the highlight of this holiday weekend is, of course, the Easter Egg Hunt.
Each family seems to have their own iteration of this well-loved tradition: some parents hide fully-stocked baskets outside, rain or shine, for their children to find, while others create a series of riddles that will lead to chocolates hidden cleverly around the house.
Other kids must hunt around the yard to find the foil-wrapped treats, one or two of which inevitably go missing and end up being discovered as a melted mess sometime during the summer.
Local easter fun – & competition
Over the years, the City of Vernon has also staged a variety of Easter competitions to excite children and adults alike.
In April of 1901, each customer who purchased one dozen fresh eggs (at only $0.20 each) was entered into a draw by local shopkeeper W.R. Megaw. The Saturday prior to Easter, a blindfolded child was asked to draw a name from the box, and the winner was awarded a “magnificent” hanging library lamp.
In 1925, the Vernon News published an Easter Word Hunt for its readership. A series of ads for local businesses was arranged on a full-page of newsprint. Each ad contained a purposely misplaced word, and readers were asked to create a list of the errors and send it in to “Easter Hunt Editor” at the Vernon News office. Five correct submissions were then randomly drawn, and the winners received a box of chocolates and tickets to the best moving picture show of the month, “The Golden Bed.”
all manner of egg hunts
In 1981, Easter Egg Hunts were held at the Polson Place Mall on the Friday and Saturday prior to Easter Sunday. Pre-registered children had a chance to search in a haystack for ping-pong balls bearing the names of local businesses. When brought to the corresponding merchants, the children were then awarded their chocolate prizes.
In 2012, excited toddlers from the Funfer All Daycare, bundled warmly in bright rain jackets, bounced around Mission Hill Park on the search for Easter treats. They smiled exuberantly and posed for photographs as they pulled eggs out of trees knolls and from beneath benches.
And this year, the Downtown Vernon Association has introduced a window Easter egg scavenger hunt, a family-friendly activity that complies with Covid-19 safety regulations. The people of Vernon are truly resilient and creative, and despite the challenges and changes that each new year presents, we continue to find ways to celebrate the joy of spring’s arrival.
Gwyn EvansErik is the founder of the food travel trade industry, and Founder and Executive Director of the World Food Travel Association, the world’s leading authority on food and beverage tourism. He’s also the publisher of Have Fork Will Travel and author of Culinary Tourism: The Hidden Harvest. He is a highly sought speaker on food and beverage tourism and has been featured in The New York Times, Newsweek and Forbes, and on CNN, Sky TV, the BBC, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, PeterGreenberg.com, and other leading media outlets.
Favorite cuisines – Italian, Indian/Thai tied for second, Levant (Middle Eastern) and TexMex. Favorite drink – red wine or hard cider. Favorite dessert – chocolate is always the correct choice and gelato always works. Favorite destinations for food or drink – 1) Bologna, Italy; 2) San Sebastian, Spain; 3) Istanbul, Turkey. Where I still want to visit to try the local food – Thailand, India and Iran.A recent leak provided us with possible dates for the next three holiday sales on Steam. The first of these has proven to be accurate, as the Steam Halloween sale has officially begun this week, offering discounts on a variety of titles that Valve deems “horror games.”
Indeed, there ©Tmm_MediaSo I am totally new at this whole blog thing.
Guess this is going to be a place for me to share my thoughts, cool music, things going on and the like.
I just finished the Fred Factor, great book about an amazing guy named Fred. Fred is a postman who does his job so superior that each person he delivers mail to is a part of his life. Inspiring book about we can all be a little extraordinary in life.
Thursday, April 5, 2007Intentionally abstaining from the consumption (or even tasting) of food. This can be negotiated down to the consumption of only bread and water, or extended to deprival of total sensory input. Often induces hallucination, mystical experiences, malnutrition and, in a few extreme circumstances, Death.
Every day during the month of Ramadan, muslims fast from dawn to dusk. They abstain from food, drink, and sex.
Those who are unable to fast during Ramadan, such as the sick or pregnant, can make up the fast for an equal number of days anytime during the year.
People who cannot fast at any time must feed a needy person for every day of fasting they miss.
There are a number of fast days throughout the year in Judaism.
25 hour fasts - from the start of the Jewish day (sunset the evening before) until nightfall on the day concerned.
Daily fasts - from sunrise until sunset only (therefore the ones in the winter are easier than the ones in the summer).
Some other fasts.
Jewish fasting is a complete fast - one is not allowed to eat or drink anything for the duration of the fast. Of course, if it would be dangerous for one to fast (say if you're diabetic), one mustn't fast. But the decision to eat or drink, especially on Yom Kippur (as the holiest day in the year) should be made after consultation with both a Rabbi and a Doctor.
The obligation to fast commences when a boy is Bar Mitzvah (13) and a girl is Bat Mitzvah (12). Most children would fast for one or two years before this, and even younger children, while they shouldn't fast, should still mark the day by not eating luxury foods, sweets or chocolate.
A huge majority of Jews fast on Yom Kippur, however religious they are. Only religious Jews fast on most of the other days.
In Christianity, fasting is considered to be a spiritual discipline. Fasting
involves denying yourself some form of sustenance (certain foods or all foods and/or drinks)
for a period of time. Fasting is often combined with prayer, bible study, or
meditation to elevate the spiritual aspect of the fast.
The word fast is derived from the Hebrew term tsom, which refers to the
practice of self-denial. In New Testament (koine) Greek (including the Septuagint),
the word nesteia is used, which is fully synonymous.
Biblical Basis for Fasting:
"They lament, 'Why don't you notice when we fast? Why don't you pay attention when we humble ourselves?' Look, at the same time you fast, you satisfy your selfish desires, you oppress your workers. Look, your fasting is accompanied by arguments, brawls,and fistfight]. Do not fast as you do today, trying to make your voice heard in heaven.!" (Isaiah 58:3-7, NET)
History and Development of Fasting
Types of Fasts:
Reasons to Fast
How to practice fasting appropriately
Fasting can be an enriching experience that helps greatly in the process of spiritual formation
and in walking more closely with God, as long as it is approached with solemnity and care.
References:
The NET Bible -
Fasting for Spiritual Break Through (Elmer L. Towns)
Catholic Online: Lent - Fasting and Abstinence -
Log in or register to write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comOr, in English, 'dead paintings'.
The Furaha project started with oil paintings without much forethought. The reason to decide to paint something was that I thought it would look nice. Well, that obviously resulted in some designs that with hindsight simply did not make sense. As I explained in the previous post, one design involved plants with enormous leaves. That idea is gone, and so the paintings that show them are no longer useful. Let's say they lived out their lives. I will show a few in this blog. Note that they are NOT typical of current paintings; they are just stuff found in the archives.
Here is one. It really needs a better separation of foreground and background, but never mind about that. The animal in question was called a 'Mesencephalon meditans'. That name tells you it was inspired by the human brain stem (as seen from the back). Those into neuroanatomy might recognise several brainstem details, such as the 'pons'. The text regarding this animal mentioned that it might look as if it was lost in thought, but the animal would be more likely to be lost in a more general sense. That's what you get if you leave off the cortex.
I still like the overall shape and lines of the tree. But how would it respond to wind? Would it turn around so the stem could face the wind, and the sails would flap and flutter?
Mind you, this painting was done in oils, and for The Book it would need a digital makeover. In some cases, I used the basic idea of an old painting but changed almost everything to produce a new one. This particular dead painting was in fact resurrected. Parts of the landscape survived, and so did a much modified 'Mesencephalon'. The tree, however, did not...
Friday, 10 April 2020
M.Freshman impresses with “track” record
May 20, 2016
Coming in as a freshman Emma Wheeler has definitely proven herself as a strong competitor on the track team.
“I mainly run the 400m dash, 300m hurdles,” Wheeler said. “And occasionally I make runs to the snack bar.”
Throughout the season, she has consistently placed in meets. At her first meet in Central Heights, she placed second in the 300 meter hurdles. One meet later at Prairie View, she placed first in both the 300 meter hurdles and the 400 meter race. Then two meets after that at Tonganoxie, she placed third in the 300 meter hurdles..
The junior varsity meet at Prairie View has been her favorite meet so far. That time spent with just the freshmen and sophomores gave all of them a chance to bond with each other at the beginning of the season.
“At [the] Prairie View [meet] I feel like the freshmen and the sophomores really got to know one another and make quality memories.” Wheeler said. “I liked how every person was cheered on in their event and supported with their results.”
Wheeler has always enjoyed running whether it’s for a sport or just for fun. Both tennis and track require running, and Wheeler has no problem bringing her talent to the table.
“I’ve enjoyed racing for as long as I can remember. I joined the track team this year because in previous years I’ve never been old enough to compete.” Wheeler said. “Since my old school in Michigan only had a high school track team, I practiced with them but wasn’t able to race at the meets.”
Although Wheeler is only a freshman, she has realized that anyone can surprise you with their talent, but you also have to work at it to get where you want to be.
“I feel so grateful and blessed to have accomplished what I have done in track this year.” Wheeler said. “ I’ve learned to never underestimate any runner despite their age or experience, like my dad, who can still run faster than me.”
This season, Wheeler has loved every event she has participated in, but she also plans to try a few new events next year.
“Something I look forward to doing next year is trying more field events. I would like to try long and high jump and maybe even pole vaulting!” Wheeler said. “I believe I can stay prepared for track next year [and] continue to be active. There’s a large gap between my tennis and track season, and this year I’m going to continue to condition even if I’m not in a sport at the time.”G#1 Mercedes W163 ML320 ML430 ABS Anti Lock Brake Pump Unit OEM. Item in working condition, ready to install. Item may fit other models.
Parting out entire vehicle, contact me if you need other parts. Replacement will be send if any issue would arise with the item you received.The item "G#1 Mercedes W163 ML320 ML430 ABS Anti Lock Brake Pump Unit 1634310312 OEM" is in sale since Tuesday, August 6, 2019. This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Car & Truck Parts\Brakes & Brake Parts\ABS System Parts".
The seller is "jcaudiosound11" and is located in South Gate, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.Pecan pie, pie, pecan nut, syrup, candy
+Practical information
Number of people 8
Preparation time 30 minutes
Cooking time 50 minutes
Difficulty level easy
* Ingredients
° 400gm shortbread
° 250 g pecan kernels
° 3 eggs
° 125 gm brown sugar
° 2 dl of maple syrup or honey
° 50gm soft butter
° 1 tsp. vanilla powder
For mould: 1 butter knob.
* Steps
1/ Roll out the dough on the work surface.
A pie dish with a diameter of 26 cm, butter and decorate with dough.
Prick the dough with a few strokes of a fork without piercing it.
Place the pan in the refrigerator and let the dough harden while you prepare the filling.
2 / Turn on the oven thermostat 5 (175 degrees).
Prepare the garnish: put the butter in a bowl, add the sugar and beat for 1 minute with a hand mixer, until the preparation turns white.
Add the maple syrup, vanilla, and eggs—one at a time—without stopping to whisk. Add the pecans and mix with a spoon.
3 / Remove the mold from the cold and decorate the dough with the pecan mixture.
Smooth the surface with a spatula.
Insert the mold into the hot oven and cook for 50 minutes.
4/ When the tart is cooked, remove it from the oven and let it rest for 10 minutes before unrolling.
Serve the pie warm or cold.
Enjoy !The Top Ten Wrestling Stories of the Week 6/19: Coronavirus in WWE, Orton Punts Christian, Edge Injured, New IC Champ, More
Welcome back TJR readers! Do you prefer to keep the “P” out of Professional Wrestling, and didn’t watch Smackdown? Perhaps you were taking the Greatest Nap Ever, and missed RAW. Worry not, for I have returned with another edition of The Top Ten Wrestling Stories of the Week to catch you up.
(Note from John Canton: There have been a lot of stories and accusations out there since yesterday afternoon about sexual misconduct involving wrestlers, plenty of whom are part of the British wrestling scene and others as well. Some awful behavior from these guys towards innocent women that are wrestlers or fans. Those of us at TJRWrestling admire the courage of these women to speak out and share what they went through using the #SpeakingOut hashtag. The actions by these men are deplorable. We are not going to post about it on TJRWrestling most likely unless there are specific statements by the companies we cover or a police report. Otherwise, there are legal issues to consider. Matthew wrote this before a lot of this stuff broke. We want to keep this column light-hearted and fun, so the focus will be on the regular WWE and AEW related news that Matthew writes about every week.)
10. Kris Statlander Tears ACL
AEW’s resident alien will be out of action for a considerable amount of time. Kris Statlander, who is billed from the Andromeda Galaxy, suffered a high grade ACL tear during a tag team match on Dynamite. It’s difficult to say how much time Statlander will miss. Although a normal human healing takes about 7-10 months, it is unknown if aliens heal faster or slower than that. (TJRWrestling)
9. Dominick Attacks Seth Rollins
Rey Mysterio’s son Dominick got a little revenge for his father this week on RAW. While Seth Rollins was in the ring giving a promo, Rey Mysterio appeared on the screen via satellite. Rollins told Mysterio that he wants to help Dominick, and encouraged him to follow him and join his faction. Mysterio let Rollins know that Dominick will never join him, and then threatened to end Rollins if he hurt his son. Rollins told Dominick that he could make his own decisions, and either join him or end up as a sacrifice like his father. Suddenly, Dominick appeared behind Rollins and proceeded to attack him. Rollins disciples Murphy and Austin Theory came to the ring and tried to attack Dominick, but he was able to escape through the crowd. It now appears Dominick will now join a long list of second generation wrestlers, following in his fathers’, Rey Mysterio’s and Eddie Guerrero’s, footsteps. (TJRWrestling)
8. Chris Jericho and Orange Cassidy to Wrestle at Fyter Fest
Chris Jericho’s opponent for Fyter Fedt was revealed this week. Last week, The Inner Circle left Orange Cassidy bleeding in the ring, with Chris Jericho attacking him with a bag of oranges. This week, Jericho and Sammy Guevara were taking on The Best Friends, when an AEW cameraman tripped Guevara costing him the match. The cameraman then revealed himself to be Cassidy, who proceeded to attack Jericho. Jericho and Cassidy will now wrestle at Fyter Fest, in what will unquestionably be the biggest match in Cassidy’s career. Hopefully this will be the first of many big matches for Cassidy, and he won’t have to fall back on his cameraman abilities. (TJRWrestling)
7. Jeff Hardy Throws Piss on Sheamus
The feud between Jeff Hardy and Sheamus was brought to another level this week. Friday night on Smackdown, Sheamus and Jeff Hardy met for a contract signing for their match at Backlash. For the signing Sheamus brought a black curtain to the ring, along with a doctor and four security guards. Sheamus informed Hardy that he would not face him at Backlash until he agreed to pass a urine test, calling Hardy a junkie who can’t be trusted. Hardy proceeded to go behind the curtain with the doctor and complete the test, peeing into a jar. Hardy then explained to Sheamus that “it is better to be pissed off then pissed on,” before throwing the urine in Sheamus’ face. Sheamus got the last laugh this week however, as he was able to defeat Hardy at Backlash on Sunday. The urine angel reportedly upset Fox Broadcasting, who stated that it violated it’s Standards & Practices and didn’t air the whole segment on the west coast broadcast. Despite the controversy, this feud will likely continue, however, if you think WWE can’t go any lower then using bodily fluids, urine for a surprise. (TJRWrestling)
6. NXT North American Champion and Heavyweight Champion to Compete in a Winner Take All Match.
The next two weeks promise to be huge for NXT. Next week on NXT, North American Champion Keith Lee will defend his championship in a triple threat match against Johnny Gargano and Finn Balor. The winner of that match will go on to face NXT Heavyweight Champion Adam Cole on July 8th, with both championships being on the line in a “Winner Takes All Match.” In what is almost certainly not a coincidence, July 8th is also when AEW will be holding the second night of Fyter Fest. AEW and NXT are both trying to beat each other in the tv ratings, while also trying to gain more viewers than hot shows such as Real Housewives of NJ and 1000-LB Sisters, on Wednesday nights. (TJRWrestling)
5. Kevin Owens Misses WWE RAW Taping
The next couple of episodes of Monday Night RAW will be missing one of his biggest stars. After a Developmental Talent tested positive for COVID-19 (more on that later), Kevin Owens decided to skip the recent RAW tapings on Wednesday. Owens’ family was reportedly concerned with Owens working right after someone tested positive, especially since KO’s wife’s grandfather recently passed away from the virus. It is unknown when Owen’s will return to RAW (although a return on June 29 is likely), though it has been reported that WWE is neither pissed off, nor pissed on, for skipping the tapings.(TJRWrestling)
4. New WWE Intercontinental Champion Crowned
The finals to crown a new WWE Intercontinental Champion were held this week on Smackdown. The tournament to crown a new champion was necessary, as previous champion Sami Zayn could not defend the title due to the current health crisis. In the finals, AJ Styles was able to defeat Daniel Bryan to win the championship. This match went over thirty minutes, and will be a contender for match of the year for sure. This was Styles’ first IC title win in his historic career, that has seen him win championships all across this flat earth. (TJRWrestling)
3. Christian and Randy Orton Compete in an Unsanctioned Match
Christian followed in his former tag team partner’s footsteps this week on RAW. The opening of RAW saw Randy Orton come out to brag about his victory over Edge the previous night at Backlash. Christian then came to the ring to confront Orton about his actions. This resulted in Orton challenging the not-medically-cleared Christian, to an “Unsanctioned Match” later that night. Christian, who has not competed in over five years due to concussion issues, accepted the match. Before the match could begin, Ric Flair came down to the ring and tried to talk Christian out of it. Christian thanked Flair for his concern, but stated that he had to go through with the match. The bell then rang, and Flair immediately turned on Christian by hitting him with a low-blow. Orton then punted Christian in the head, and pinned him for the win. Christian was then stretchered out of the arena, while Orton claimed that it was Christian’s fault for what happened. While all of this is certainly surprising, the most shocking part may have been that someone was stretchered out and Nia Jax was in no way involved. (TJRWrestling)
2. Edge Tears Tricep and Has Surgery
Edge and Randy Orton battled in what was billed as “The Greatest Wrestling Match Ever” this week at Backlash. Although the match could not live up to the ridiculous hype, it was a very good and entertaining match. The voice of the great Howard Finkel made the introductions, as referee Charles Robinson donned the classic WWF Referee attire. Edge and Orton then proceeded to compete for nearly 45 minutes with unique camera angles and piped in crowd noise being used to try to enhance the match. In the end, Orton ended up getting the win, after hitting the punt kick to Edge’s face. Unfortunately this will be the last time we get to see Edge compete for quite some time, as it was announced the next day that he will be out eight months due to a torn bicep. Let’s all hope that Edge has a successful recovery, so we can have the “Greatest Comeback Match Ever”. (TJRWrestling)
1. NXT Developmental Talent Test Positive for COVID-19
COVID-19 caused havoc in the wrestling world once again this week. WWE announced this week that an NXT Developmental Talent has tested positive for COVID-19. The name of this talent was not named, though it was announced that this individual was last in the Performance Center on June 9th. WWE cancelled all of their television tapings on Tuesday, using that day to clean, as well as test every one. This was actually the first time that WWE employees have been tested for the virus, with WWE only doing temperature checks before this. All of this may seem kind of reckless by WWE, but at least they did put up plexiglass to separate the wrestlers and spectators right… (TJRWrestling)
pic.twitter.com/CauMILVsqs
— Sidgwick (@MSidgwick) June 16, 2020 language would definitely violate Fox’s Standards & Practices.)The weather around here has been calling us outside to bask in the warm weather. We know that snow may be around the corner. If you are looking for a new hike check out the Hogback Ridge Hike. Yourboulder.com has a great write up on this trail in North Boulder. Hogback Ridge Hike Info. Enjoy!compensation:
$80K — $100K *
industry:
specialty:
experience:
Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc. (ITI) is a privately held, clinical-stage, pre-IPO in oncology, where it could potentially have broad applications, including targeting viral antigens, cancer antigens, and producing antigen-derived antibodies as biologics. The company has built a pipeline of four wholly-owned oncology programs, the lead of which is in a Phase 2 clinical study for Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM).
We are seeking an experienced and highly motivated Scientist with a strong understanding and significant experience in nucleic acid research to contribute to the success of ITI’s vaccine and nucleic acid therapeutic platform. This is a high visibility role within the organization and provides ample opportunity to bring novel therapeutics into various areas facing unmet medical needs. The candidate is expected to work independently with minimum supervision, and she/he will be utilizing/building a talented team of scientists and technical staff to accomplish the goals of this strategic division within ITI’s R&D department.
The candidate will be a key member of the vaccine program to design and optimize DNA/RNA vaccine candidates, and support ITI platform technology development in a preclinical setting. He/she is expected to have deep understanding and knowledge and significant hands-on experience in nucleic acid research including DNA, mRNA, and self-amplifying RNA (replicon system). Candidates with a history of working independently and able to make critical decisions for successful outcomes of projects are sought for this role.
Valid through: 12/13/2021
Apply.
Save.
Search.
$80K — $100K *
11 days ago
$200K — $250K *
11 days ago
$80K — $100K *
39 days ago
$80K — $100K *
39 days ago
$80K — $100K *
11 days ago
$80K — $100K *
4 days ago
$80K — $90K + $8K bonus + full benefits *
Confidential Company•Tempe, AZ 85284
2 days ago
$130K — $150K + $14K bonus + full benefits *
Confidential Company•Lincoln, NE 68504
2 days agoANN ARBOR – Local tech company Blumira announced several additions to its leadership as it continues on its rapid growth path.
The cybersecurity company, which offers automated threat detection and response technologies, currently employs 40 people and is expanding.
Blumira’s leadership includes former employees of Duo Security, Groundspeed, Censys and DeepField.
The newly hired executives include:
Helen Leonard, Chief of Staff
Jon-Eric Cornellier, Marketing Director
Jeremy Young, director of partner strategy
Heidi Craun, Senior Director Customer Experience
The new appointments follow a recent Series A funding of $ 10.3 million and significant growth for the company as user-friendly security solutions remain in high demand.
The peer-to-peer review site G2 recently named Blumira a Momentum Leader in three categories in its G2 Fall 2021 Grid® reports. The reports highlight innovative products with high growth potential based on employee growth, user satisfaction …Last weekend I met up with some old colleagues for some research in Brighton. Coming the furthest, I of course got there first, whilst the person who actually lives in Brighton came in a respectable last. We started in the Evening Star. Despite the wide range of beers available I was determined to stick to Dark Star.
It wasn't a bad decision as the Hop Head Dry was superb. Once we were all gathered and had had some light refreshment we went on to see Will's latest venture, Old Tree botanical drinks at Silo.
There was all sorts of microbiological weirdness going on: kombucha, water kefir and a favourite microbiolgical miracle of mine: beer. I must bring a microscope next time I visit. The food was weird too, but very tasty.
We then checked out the North Laine Brewhouse, where the beer was OK if unexciting. They had the rugby on so we didn't stay long.
Next stop was...er...somewhere else. Nice pub, whichever one it was, and the Gun Brewery beer was good too.
We were quite jolly by this point.
As it was getting on we started making our way back to the station, though allowing time for another stop at the Evening Star.When it comes to research you can't be too thorough.Joe Biden just got some very bad news as did Hunter Biden. Last week we learned that a few GOP Senators have requested financial information on Hunter and partners and their related businesses.
They also demanded Secret Service travel information on Hunter’s travels with Vice-President Joe Biden.
But the big wild card has always been Rudy Giuliani and what “smoking gun” he claims to have found.
Barr made it clear anything coming from Ukraine would be treated as extremely suspect but he said it was his obligation to check into whatever Rudy found.
,” Barr said effectively dooming Biden and his campaign.
From Bloomberg:
Attorney General William Barr acknowledged for the first time Monday that President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, has been giving the Justice Department information he collected in Ukraine, essentially bringing what was a stealth campaign into official government channels.
Barr said, however, that information coming from Ukraine must be carefully vetted to ensure it is accurate and authentic.
“The DOJ has the obligation to have an open door to anybody who wishes to provide us information that they think is relevant,” Barr told reporters during a news conference in Washington.
.Looking for some easy summer meal ideas for super simple entertaining or for casual family meals? Here are some great ideas, and be sure to snag the free printables at the bottom! 🙂
As much as I enjoy cooking, I feel like the flow of summertime lends itself to much more casual, thrown-together meals. Do you feel the same way? I was thinking about why that is, and I think easy meals just make more sense during the summer for a few reasons:
1. There’s less of a routine
Especially for us, since my husband’s a high school teacher and I work from home, we’re spending a lot of the summertime together and have much less of a routine than during the rest of the year. I bet you find the same to be true for you and your family! This is the time of year for spontaneous outings and a bit more traveling, so meal planning is more difficult. It’s great to have ideas for meals that you can assemble from leftovers or random bits in your pantry and freezer.
2. We’re all spending more time outside
I mean, I’m kind of crazy for spending more time outside because it’s so doggone hot in Texas, but we’re water people, so we love getting out and about and enjoying water in all forms! You’re probably spending more time by the pool with your kids, or if you’re used to challenging winters, I bet summertime is a great time for you to be outside to finally enjoy the fresh air! We need easy meal ideas so we’re able to spend more time outside rather than in the kitchen.
3. Summertime is ripe for impromptu gatherings
Do you feel like you’re more likely during the summer to have folks over on a whim, host people dropping by on their way through town, or maybe even get together with the neighbors to share some leftovers? I think the freedom of summer lends itself well to last-minute guests and gatherings, so it’s so nice having easy meals we can throw together!
4. It’s hot outside. Let’s not turn the oven on!
It’s just really, really hot here in Texas, so turning my oven on in my house is a big commitment during the summer. Anyone else?! Assembling ingredients together for a meal that doesn’t require an oven is a big deal. (I’ll definitely give into that commitment, however, when it comes to baking a dessert…I’ll just kick the A/C on a little higher!) So, again, easy summer recipes that don’t require an oven are a total win in my book!
No matter what time of year it is, though, it’s always a good time to sit down with my family and have a meal. I just want those meals to be particularly easy this season. 🙂 So, I decided to think through several meal ideas that don’t necessarily require a step-by-step recipe – ones that are still healthy and that can often just be assembled from a hodge-podge of ingredients. I thought I’d share my list of ideas in hopes that these might be helpful to you, too!
I also thought I’d share a free printable that you can download, print, and put on your fridge for easy reference! Lots of meal ideas, complete with simple (and mostly healthy and fresh!) side dishes, as well as some perfect-for-summer dessert ideas, too! Snag it at the bottom of this page!
This post contains affiliate links for your convenience. You can read my full disclosure policy here.
Easy Summer Meal Ideas
So, let’s chat about those easy meals! Here are some really simple ideas of meals you can make this summer, especially from leftovers and extra ingredients in your pantry or freezer. Just fill in some gaps with extra groceries here and there and you’ll be good to go!
Tacos
I mean, you don’t have to tell me twice to come to the table if tacos are on the menu! There are so many variations that you can do with this – cook up some chicken, ground beef, shredded pork, or maybe even just do bean and cheese tacos. You can add all sorts of vegetables, different kinds of rice and/or beans, as well as shredded cheese. The combinations are endless! (Here’s a really great EASY taco recipe if you want one, though. We’re talking about a 5 minute prep, and then the slow cooker does all the work. God bless the slow cooker during the summertime – helps me avoid the oven!)
Quesadillas
Once again, the combination is just about endless for quesadillas. You can make a breakfast version using eggs, deli meat, sauteed veggies and cheese. Italian/pizza-inspired ones using marinara sauce, Mozzarella, pepperoni, bell pepper and mushrooms. Lunch quesadillas using deli meat, cheese, and spinach. Or, good ‘ole Tex-Mex ones with some kind of seasoned meat – chicken, ground beef, or shredded pork – or with some refried beans, add on any extra veggies like tomatoes, corn, black beans, onions, jalapeno, and you’ve got yourself a great meal! Make ’em a little healthier with whole wheat tortillas if you want!
Pasta & Veggies
Quickly sautee some veggies and toss them with some pasta or quinoa and sauce – maybe marinara, Alfredo, or pesto – and then top it off with some cheese. Easy! What a great way to use up some random leftover veggies in your fridge!
Nachos
Cook up some chicken, beef, or pork (or maybe use up some leftover meat you had from a meal earlier in the week), toss it on a bed of tortilla chips with cheese and all sorts of other topping options – olives, refried beans, sauteed peppers and onions, canned corn, black beans, etc. Serve with pico de gallo, salsa, guacamole, and sour cream if you want to jazz ’em up a bit. This salsa recipe is gooooood, and oh man, don’t even get me started chatting about this guacamole. I’ll talk your ear off!
Rice, Meat & Veggies
Similar in nature to the pasta & veggies – cook up some rice or quinoa, sautee some veggies – maybe broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, onion, squash, you name it! – add in some meat and some seasonings to taste! Another one pot meal. Easy!
Sandwiches
Any kind of bread. Any kind of deli meat (or not – use cooked chicken, turkey, or pork!). Or, you could even do a tuna salad, egg salad, or avocado salad instead of deli meat. Add any kind of cheese. Add some veggies – tomatoes, avocado, lettuce, and/or spinach. You can use dressings you have in the fridge, or stick with traditional mustard and mayo. Serve ’em hot or cold. So many options!
Baked Potatoes
If you don’t want to turn on the oven, you can easily use a slow cooker or an Instant Pot to prep some baked potatoes. (I hear the Instant Pot is GREAT for baked potatoes! I haven’t used mine for baked potatoes yet, but they’re on my to-make list.) And, just like the rest of these meals, you can get creative with these. No need to follow the rules for traditional baked potatoes! See what you have on hand and make a meal out of that.
Those are just a handful of ideas! I know there are zillions more. The great things about meals like these are: 1) They help you use up leftovers, 2) You can make these as healthy as you want, 3) You can get creative and put your own spin on them, and 4) They don’t take much planning. As much as I love trying out new recipes, it is so fun to cook without having to follow specific steps.
Be sure to grab your free printable by filling out the form below!
Love these ideas and want to make sure to remember them later?! Be sure to pin this to your favorite Pinterest board!Rick Howell's blog headline reads "Bush's meaningless little trip to Iraq." This was what I predicted yesterday ... the dems can't say anything nice about a Republican President even when he is working to keep America safe from terrorism.
It wasn't long ago the dems were calling Anbar Province in Iraq the example of why we couldn't win this war because of widespread violence ... and then American Marines went in and worked with the Iraqis making it safe again for citizens. President Bush, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates flew in yesterday to meet with Gen. David Petraeus, Iraqi government officials, and American GIs.
Now the dems have to come up with yet another excuse to convince their minions that this war is lost, not worth fighting, yada yada yada.
~ yawn ~Finding Your Superpowers and Reclaiming Your IdentityBy Courtney Gardner
Bakla is a short film written, directed, and starring Brandon English. Bakla had its premiere at the 2020 New Filmmakers LA Film Festival and is currently making its way across the virtual film festival circuit. The film was also the official selection of the QTPOC Pride Arts+ Film Festival, finalist in the Asian Cinematography Awards,… Read more »FL Studio 20.6.2.1549 Crack With Premium Key Free Download 2020
FL Studio Crack is 20 Reg Key uses an original pattern window to select music tracks that constitute all kinds of instruments you need. A user only has to develop the desired music pattern for each device. There is a playlist window that is divided into tracks at the bottom and models at the top. Patterns can be colored using the brush tool in the playlist window. Besides, the records functions specified number of instances.
FL Studio 20.6.2.1549 Crack With Premium Key
FL Studio 20 crack after years of updating and changing versions has been able to act as a DAW. DAW stands for.6.2.1549 works with can scale different window sizes and resolutions. By improving the instruments, the new place functions are unlocked. Among the main benefits is resistance to threats on the computer. While using this software, your network remains protected against Trojans, adware, malware, and viruses.
FL Studio 20.6.2.1549 Crack really.
FL Studio 2020 Draw X5 Crack.
FL Studio20.6.2.1549 Crack wholly.
Key features
- Compatible with any high-quality screen to use.
- An integrated channel configuration for proper manual functionality.
- The multitouch system is fully compatible with the next stage.
- It comes with the complete establishment of melodies from a single playlist to an alternative.
- FL Studio 20 Crack is a multiple tracking application.
-
System Requirements:
- Intel 2 GHz processor with SSE2 support
- 670 MB installation space required
- 2 GB of RAM
- HDD Space 800 MB
- Direct X latest version
-Are you currently remodeling your bathroom and also have dreams associated with adding some health spa-like comforts? The garden bath, along with luxurious tile, pulsating jets, plus comfortable fixtures, come to mind. Find out exactly how you can keep the floors shining.
You may have dreams of including some hot bathtub like comforts plus remodeling the bathroom. The garden bath, along with comfortable fixtures, luxury tile, plus pulsating jets arrive in mind. Plus, perhaps a warmed flooring. Many people are usually considering radiant-heated rug due to that will additional degree associated with spa-like relaxation.
An individual should understand some of the advantages and disadvantages of these types of heating techniques in front of deciding in respect to a moderately dewrinkled flooring expert. Here is a brief rundown on the particular principal types associated with procedures, as well as the benefits and disadvantages of using such the heating system.
You will discover two primary sorts of radiant-heated flooring. The first will be electrical, which offers warmth. The second will be hydronic, which materials heat through drinking water. The tubes may be warmed in a variety of ways using gasoline, petroleum, gasoline, or even solar power. Uncertain which to choose? Request the local expert for his or also her guidance. In case you’re adding the complete house and warmed floors, there are usually some definite advantages to radiant-heated floors.
There’s nothing such as inserting your ft on hardwood flooring, which are warm plus waking up on a chilly morning. Brilliant warmed floors also occupy no extra room. Use price is a pro at the same time. Durability can be a significant variable with radiant heated floors. And on the plus side, the setup time is pretty brief. Allergy sufferers gain from these systems also!
There are a few drawbacks to adding an electrically heated flooring. One is the heated flooring system can not be retrofitted under your existing floors. Additionally, you might need new wiring in the first electric circuit panel as a way to sufficiently power your heating system.
And finally, beaming flooring does not heat up as fast as a space heater. You may need to wait an hour or so before your floors are not cold. You’ll locate the positives that are the same as you did with the electric system along with some fuel-cost economies. Whether you go together with petroleum or sun, these electrical alternatives can save you cash. Demand your professional exactly why and which method he advocates.
Add the disadvantages that are the same as the electrical counterpart plus. You’ve got the chance to experience water damage while electric systems are long-lasting, with heated hydronic flooring. With a substantial flow, there might be damage to your own house, your furnishings, and your flooring. You have the desire to add a few hot tubs like comforts and redesigning the bathroom.
A backyard bath with cozy fittings, luxurious tile, and pulsing jets come to mind. And possibly a heated floor. Many people are contemplating radiant-heated stories because of that extra degree of spa-like relaxation. You ought to understand a few of the benefits and disadvantages associated with these sorts related to heating systems, ahead of choosing in regards to heated floors. This is a brief operation down around the primary kinds of techniques and the pros and cons of using this type of heating system.
A person will find two primary sorts associated with radiant-heated floors. The earliest is electrical, which often materials heat. The second reason is hydronic, which products heat through typically the water. The boats can be warmed up in various techniques using kerosene, oil, gasoline, or solar power. Unsure which often to pick? Demand your local specialist regarding guidance.
If you’re adding the whole house and heated floors, there are some definite positives to radiant-heated flooring. There’s absolutely nothing like inserting your own feet on hardwood floors that are usually warm and waking up on a frosty morning. Radiant-heated tile additionally occupies simply no additional space.
Make use of price is a benefit at the same time. Durability could be a fantastic variable along with radiant heated flooring. And on the particular plus side, the specific setup time will be pretty brief. Allergic reaction sufferers gain through these systems furthermore! They provide comfortable warmth without throwing out plenty of dust close to.It’s been 38 years since L.L.Bean’s first collaboration with Peanuts, when they dressed Snoopy in 1983 for his “Snoopy in Fashion” World Tour and book release, and now for.
Keller Family Campout – Southlake Style — Southlake’s Premiere Lifestyle Resource
Grab your camping gear and enjoy an evening under the stars behind Keller Town Hall. For just $5 a person your family can enjoy a night of s’mores, a scavenger hunt,I enjoyed a Friday overnight stay at our shared cabin at Wallowa Lake in NE Oregon. Kokanee, a landlocked salmon, are running in the Wallowa River above the lake. Their redish colors are mirrored in the beaufiful fall maple leaves in downtown Joseph. The air was fresh and clear early Saturday morning, a great befinning of the fall.
Wallowa Lake, NE Oregon
Wallowa Lake and Bonneville Peak
Teasel and spider web
Kokanee in the Wallowa River
Chief Joseph Mt above Joseph, Wallowa County
Downtown Joseph, Wallowa County
Kokanee sculpture in downtown JosephThe rare coffee plant sat on an isolated ridge in northern Sierra Leone, a lone shrub with thin leaves and marble-sized fruits. A team of researchers had spent over a year searching for it, only to discover the plant hadn’t begun to flower or fruit. If they hoped to scale up this uncommon variety, they would need to find it a mate.
This wasn’t just any species of coffee plant. It’s one that could help pull the world’s beloved beverage out of the dire straits it finds itself in today. Coffee is under attack from all sides. It’s threatened by climate change, by a deadly fungal disease that has devastated crops, and by risky farming practices. And at the root of it all is a startling vulnerability: The coffee we cultivate and drink today, which sustains an industry valued at over $100 billion, comes from just two species — and research on others is woefully behind.
In the meantime, rising global temperatures are exacerbating threats to production. “Climate change is a major issue for coffee plants,” said Aaron Davis, head of coffee research at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, who led the search effort in Sierra Leone. That’s because the plants need such specific conditions to grow. Around half of the suitable areas for coffee growing could be lost due to the climate crisis by 2050, according to a 2014 study published in the journal Climatic Change. In Latin America, which produces around 60 percent of the world’s coffee crop, this figure could be as high as 88 percent. Before the end of this century, the more widely produced — and better tasting — of the two species cultivated today runs the risk of disappearing in the wild completely.
It’s a familiar story in the world of food. When farmers in Ireland started growing the “lumper” variety of potato (one of an estimated 4,000 potato varieties) in the 1800s, for example, they probably didn’t imagine a blight would eventually destroy the whole crop and infamously push them into famine. And while the loss of coffee wouldn’t necessarily cause mass starvation, a whole lot relies on it: hundreds of millions of smallholder farmers and coffee-processing jobs in the tropics, as well as the gross domestic product of several countries like Nicaragua and Uganda. Not to mention, each day worldwide, coffee fills 2 billion cups with joy.
Like so much of our food system, coffee’s problems are intricate and interrelated. If the species Davis’s team found growing on a West African hilltop represents a safeguard against the biggest threats facing tomorrow’s coffee, it also illustrates how any global commodity that relies on just a few species is increasingly vulnerable to environmental shocks.
The situation is especially complex, given that the coffee industry is simultaneously fueling the climate crisis by clearing ecologically rich habitat for rows of tightly packed coffee plants. “There’s no doubt about it that coffee production has been a cause of massive deforestation,” Davis said.
But a possible model for creating a more resilient coffee system already exists. It’s an approach to growing that has been used by smallholder farmers and Indigenous peoples throughout the world for millennia. And if scaled up to meet today’s threats, it could fight climate change and conserve — and even increase — biodiversity. The challenge is convincing enough people it’s worth a shot.
The coffee crisis is fueled by climate change and a deadly fungus
The world drinks more than 500 billion cups of coffee every year, or around 22 billion pounds. But not just any of the 124 known coffee species. Most coffee (which comes from roasting and grinding the seed of the plant’s cherry-like fruit) is generally perceived as tasting too harsh. That’s why about 99 percent of all coffee consumed today comes from just two palatable West African species: arabica and robusta.
The more preferred is arabica. Think fancy latte and single-origin selections from your neighborhood roaster — or a bigger chain like Starbucks that claims to serve 100 percent arabica beans. Despite accounting for over 60 percent of global coffee production, arabica is a delicate crop. The species can only be produced in the “Bean Belt,” a narrow strip of land between the Tropics of Cancer and Capricorn with optimal temperatures (65°F to 70°F) and ideal altitudes, where the plants get the right amount of rain and sunlight. Arabica is also quite susceptible to coffee leaf rust, the fungal disease that’s been plaguing crops. (This partially explains why the price of a “good” cup of joe is rising. This year alone, the cost of arabica beans is up 43 percent.)
The other species widely consumed today, robusta, entered the picture shortly after a fungus, coffee leaf rust, wiped out almost all of Sri Lanka’s arabica crop in the late 19th century. The British had deforested large swaths of land to create industrial-style arabica coffee plantations, turning it into one of the world’s leading coffee producers. But in 1869, the fungus was detected on Sri Lankan shores, and by 1885 it had ravaged nearly the entire crop and spread to other Asian countries. Around 90 percent of the land used for coffee growing in Sri Lanka was abandoned and later converted to grow tea.
Around the turn of the 20th century, as coffee leaf rust spread throughout arabica crops in Asia, robusta gained a commercial foothold. It now accounts for around 40 percent of global coffee production. The species is literally more robust than arabica, capable of growing in places where arabica can’t and with greater resistance to coffee leaf rust. Many would say robusta tastes markedly worse than arabica — think instant coffee and espresso shots. Then again, it’s also much cheaper. “The reason for that cheapness is not only because it is bad coffee,” as Wyatt Williams recently wrote in the New York Times, “but also because robusta plants are unusually hardy.”
In a world without climate change, it’s quite possible that we could survive with just these two varieties, said Davis, though warming temperatures are increasingly narrowing the range of both species.
But Hemileia vastatrix, or leaf rust, is still the most immediate threat to the coffee industry today. The fungus enters the coffee plant through miniscule openings on its leaves and then sucks up the nutrients, essentially starving the plant. Leaves become spotted with tell-tale yellow and red blotches. Growers watch unripe cherries turn from green to yellow before covering the ground in half-developed, rotting fruit.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22995548/GettyImages_490450504.jpg)
“They all fall,” Nubia Loaiza Vargas, a coffee farmer who has seen firsthand what the fungus has done to the crop in Colombia, told Vox’s Sam Ellis last year. “There aren’t branches. There is nothing.”
Latin America was free of coffee rust until the 1970s, when it first appeared in Brazil. The disease spread and reached epidemic proportions in 2012, infecting coffee plants from Mexico to Peru. (Central American countries were especially hard hit.) By 2013, the fungus had affected up to 70 percent of some farmers’ crops, leading several coffee-exporting countries to declare a state of “phytosanitary emergency.” While the situation isn’t as dire these days, local and regional flare-ups still occur and the rust continues to spread. Last year, for the first time, Hawaii’s coffee crops got hit, threatening one of the state’s most valuable commodities.
The persistence of coffee leaf rust has been a wake-up call for the industry recently, says Hanna Neuschwander, director of communications and strategy at World Coffee Research (WCR), an organization focused on improving coffee plants for farmers.
And now a different kind of disease — a coronavirus, afflicting mammals — has become yet another shock to the coffee ecosystem. A recent PNAS study on the socioeconomic fallout of the pandemic found that over the past year, Covid-19 “has become a new threat to the coffee industry by acting as a potential trigger for renewed epidemics of coffee leaf rust.” Labor shortages on farms, closed borders, and poor investment have all been linked to past Hemileia vastatrix outbreaks, according to the study. The authors predict it’s likely a matter of time in a post-Covid world before these factors could spark another rust outbreak.
The breeding solution
Relying on just two coffee species has put the industry in a vulnerable position. What’s more, even within these species, there’s very little genetic variation to work with to breed something hardier. That’s why some scientists are so excited about finding other coffee species to breed into the mix.
And for Davis, that plant is Coffea stenophylla.
Stenophylla, by contrast, is hardier than even robusta. The species can tolerate an average annual temperature of almost 77˚F, according to Davis’s study, published earlier this year in the journal Nature Plants. That’s over 12˚F warmer than arabica and nearly 4˚F warmer than robusta. An equally important factor behind its potential to uproot the coffee industry, though, is that it goes down similar enough to arabica that judges in a blind taste test couldn’t distinguish between the two varieties.
“If you’re developing even more climate-resilient coffee,” Davis said, “stenophylla has two really good attributes — heat tolerance and great taste. Those two things don’t exist in any other species.”
That’s why stenophylla is increasingly touted as a much-needed dose of genetic diversity, capable of opening up new varieties potentially resistant to disease, pests, drought, or higher temperatures — all of which threaten the planet’s coffee supply.
When Davis and his team began their search for Coffea stenophylla in 2017, it hadn’t been seen in the wild since 1954. The team had records that stenophylla had been cultivated in the Ivory Coast and Sierra Leone until at least the 1920s, before being replaced by other species. So they made dozens of “wanted” flyers for the plant and distributed them to farmers in the area. Two leads came in, but both were duds.
They did eventually find the single stenophylla shrub. But the researchers needed at least two plants in order to produce cherries for a viable population, so they expanded their search area. After hours of hacking through the bush, close to the Liberian border, they stumbled across a small patch of stenophylla 100 miles from the first site. Over the next year, a researcher periodically returned until the plants were flowering and bearing ripe fruit that he could collect for breeding. The sample they gathered was tiny, albeit enough to possibly secure the future of one of the most popular drinks — and widely traded agricultural commodities — on Earth, according to Davis.
Coffee is considered an “under-innovated” crop in the breeding world, says Neuschwander. That’s in part because cultivated coffee is extremely homogeneous; nearly all coffee in production today derives from a few wild plants originally taken out of the Horn of Africa. The genetic diversity found in arabica and robusta represents only around 1 percent of the total genetic diversity of wild varieties found just in Ethiopia (one of coffee’s birthplaces and a huge natural genetic reservoir).
“Genetic diversity is basically the raw material of breeding,” said Jorge Berny Mier y Teran, WCR’s breeding and technical manager. “If you don’t have variation, there’s nothing to select.”
Adding variation into existing coffee strains requires breeding in traits from wild species. But even those plants are at risk. Close to two-thirds of wild coffee species are threatened with extinction, including stenophylla, which is currently listed as “vulnerable” on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s global Red List.
Some breeding has been done with wild coffee, to be sure, like crossing a wild species with arabica or with robusta, Neuschwander explained. (Most coffee breeding has focused largely on the threat of leaf rust.)
But because coffee doesn’t provide calories, it occupies a somewhat different space from crops of the same economic value that do. That explains why coffee breeding is nowhere near the scale of what’s been done for other globally important crops. As of 2015, a few dozen plant breeders were working to improve coffee, in comparison with thousands working on corn, rice, or wheat, WRC founder Timothy Schilling told the BBC.
The coffee industry is resting on “a perilously narrow genetic base,” according to a study published in 2018 by the WCR and Crop Trust, an international organization working to safeguard crop diversity. That’s because of the lack of genetic material and funding for breeding programs — and perhaps also because the crop is largely grown in poor countries in the global South.
All of this underscores just how susceptible the entire coffee chain is to the kind of environmental jolts that have stimulated some investment into breeding projects. (Many of those projects are led by the WCR, which recently announced plans to launch a global breeding network in 2022.)
“You want to be prepared for the future,” Berny Mier y Teran said. “If you know that the temperature is going to go higher, you will start doing selection now under conditions that would be kind of normal in 20 and 30 years.”
What’s more, unlike annual crops such as corn that produce a new generation every year, a coffee plant is a tree that takes three to four years to mature enough to produce seeds. That means breeding takes a lot longer. In other words, developing a new, commercially viable coffee variety with stenophylla could take upward of a quarter century.
“It is an iterative slog, rust and breeding and drought and breeding,” said Neuschwander. Stenophylla, she added, “is not a silver bullet.”
That’s why most experts agree that the pathway to commercially viable stenophylla would be a costly project requiring years, if not decades, to carry out, by which point it could be too late.
Growing practices may be a major problem as well as a solution
While most coffee researchers agree that crop production is facing a crisis, some argue that the focus on climate change and leaf rust is overshadowing the real dilemmas — and potential solutions — of coffee growing.
“The industry’s response has been to fund and promote new varieties designed to contend with the challenges, involving a plant breeding scheme that will undoubtedly take years to put into effect and be fully realized,” Robert Rice, director of the Bird Friendly Coffee program at the Smithsonian Migratory Bird Center, wrote in 2018.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22995781/GettyImages_863071160.jpg)
At the same time, there is an alternative path. It involves growing coffee alongside an array of species in a way that mimics the web of life within natural forests.
This model of production, called agroforestry, has been around for thousands of years. It creates a more ecologically diverse system that provides an abundance of crops and environmental benefits for farmers. Some smallholder growers in India, for example, utilize over 100 different types of trees on their coffee farms, forming canopy cover that provides shade for coffee plants and habitat for birds, along with food and medicinal plants for the farmers themselves.
A study published last year in the journal Agriculture, Ecosystems and Environment found that agroforestry could actually mitigate many of the effects of climate change, too, by cooling the surrounding air. This kind of system could help maintain three-quarters of the Earth’s area that’s suitable for producing even picky species like arabica.
Ivette Perfecto, a University of Michigan researcher who has been studying coffee for three decades, says it’s the move away from agroforestry, not climate change alone, that has heralded a true crisis for coffee and the livelihoods of those who produce it. “The kind of system that is intensive coffee plantations, or very large-scale coffee monocultures, I see that as the crisis,” she told Vox.
Historically, small-scale farmers cultivated coffee as an understory species, growing coffee shrubs on the ground among a mix of larger shade trees. Beginning in the 1980s, governments globally started to back the widespread conversion into dense, unshaded monocultures, as technological advances in coffee processing, population growth, and globalization opened up new markets. Coffee was then planted in high densities and, lacking shade, the plants soaked up more sun and grew bigger and faster — a hyper-focused production cycle that also saw an increase in fertilizer and pesticide use, Perfecto says. Thousands of hectares of agroforestry systems were razed as a result.
This led to a drastic reduction in plant, insect, and animal diversity on coffee farms, and it diminished other vital functions this kind of ecosystem performs, like pollination, erosion control, watershed management, and storing carbon.
Large-scale, high-intensity coffee monocultures are also breeding grounds for coffee leaf rust, a throwback to the late 19th century crop collapse in Sri Lanka. “When you have these very dense coffee plants that are touching each other, that is a great way for the rust to pass from one plant to another in a very fast period of time,” said Perfecto. Studies have shown rust outbreaks are more severe in deforested areas where coffee plants are close together — essentially, unshaded monocultures.
Shade trees, by contrast, are a feature of coffee’s natural environment. Planting more of them helps bolster a refuge for critters that eat the pests that eat coffee, rather than having to rely as much on chemical sprays. The fungus Lecanicillium lecanii, for instance, lives in forests and feeds on coffee rust, while certain species of snail and even a type of mite also eat coffee rust spores. This biodiversity buffer is traditionally what has kept this sort of threat in check. “A variety of natural enemies are found in these very diverse systems that also contribute to the reduction in the levels of rust,” said Perfecto, who has studied how the shift to monoculture coffee plantations reduced insect diversity in Costa Rica.
The economic argument for more diverse farming systems
Shade-grown coffee from biodiverse agroforestry systems is the more ethical and sustainable production model, but it still has a trade-off: lower yields. And when coffee prices drop and farmers want to quickly increase production, they will often cut down the shade trees.
Although over time coffee prices have gone up, historically there has often been an oversupply of coffee. (Enough to keep up with increased global demand that is expected to reach $134 billion in 2024.) “I think the main problem with coffee production right now is overproduction,” Perfecto said.
Coffee has been in a boom-and-bust cycle for the past four decades, driven by the financial market and speculation about crop prices.
In 2019, coffee reached its lowest price in over a decade, forcing farmers to sell their product at prices under the cost of production. The World Coffee Producers Forum warned it could trigger a widespread humanitarian crisis as farmers switched to growing illicit crops like coca and cannabis, were forced into poverty, or migrated in search of better opportunities.
Then, a historic bumper crop in Brazil (the world’s biggest coffee producer), coupled with weakened Brazilian currency, helped push down the global price of coffee.
But these days, consumers are likely paying more for a cup due to a recent spike in global bean prices stemming from pandemic-related supply chain delays and a historic drought and cold snap in Brazil.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22995589/GettyImages_1235143150.jpg)
In such a volatile market, most coffee farmers have little to invest in taking proper care of their plants, let alone adopting eco-friendly agroforestry practices. For all of coffee’s global appeal, creating financial incentives for those with their hands in the dirt — and the most to lose — remains a significant challenge for governments and environmental organizations. “Now, they are desperate for us to plant [trees] and have shade again,” another Colombian coffee grower, Fabio Enrique Hoyos Salazar, told Vox’s Sam Ellis last year. “But at today’s cost, it is very difficult for a farmer to plant things like this.”
Still, research indicates that farmers who had diversified coffee systems were better suited to weather the price crisis and maintain their crops compared with those who had not. When prices dropped, they still had income from other crops grown on their farms, like bananas and papayas. That’s why experts like Perfecto recognize how the economy impacts farmers’ ability to conserve species diversity, and how important that is to making coffee farms the biodiversity hotspots and carbon sinks they once were.
“I think we can have a more rational system where the farmers have a stronger say into how much coffee is produced,” she explained. If farmers are able to set a fair price for coffee, Perfecto says, they will also have more money to invest in diversified systems that will benefit them and help mitigate the interlinked threats of coffee leaf rust and climate change.
Davis, for his part, sees that connection for consumers, too. “Coffee is a very good example where your purchasing choice might be beneficial for biodiversity,” he said. Not only that — buying coffee grown in shaded agroforestry systems, rather than on shadeless monocultures, also helps farmers and locks up carbon. (Here’s a coffee buying guide from Audubon.)
After Davis and his team announced they had located a wild population of stenophylla, he says he received hundreds of inquiries from farmers. Many were eager for a replacement for their arabica plants, which they told him aren’t viable anymore in a warming climate. The irony isn’t lost on him that the same forces causing climate change are also threatening the very diversity that might help us adapt to a warming world. “We think if we had waited another 10 years, stenophylla wouldn’t be there any more due to deforestation,” he said.
The reverse, he believes, is also true. There’s a lot of buzz around the drive to zero emissions and carbon neutrality, but “not about stopping biodiversity loss,” he said. The two — climate and biodiversity — he says, are essentially one and the.$49.95
Let the fun begin! Players sprints to arrange a set of 5 blocks so that they match a pattern shown on a card. First player to succeed grabs the card and a new matching race starts. Tensions rise as you scramble to outpace and outsmart your opponents in this ingenious game of perception.
The most satisfying elements of this game is the big blocks. They’re colourful and light and fun to work with, even if you’re stressing to place them is the right combination.
Smart and Fast Fun! Fast-paced and lots of action! A game of rapid visual recognition! Perfect for game nights with family & friends!
47 in stockWhy Yemen that produces less oil than Denmark is roiling energy markets
Global oil prices jumped more than 5% today after Gulf powers began bombing rebel targets in Yemen — and it's all about geography
Article content
While Yemen contributes less than 0.2% of global oil output, its location puts it near the center of world energy trade.
Advertisement
Article content
The nation shares a border with Saudi Arabia, the world’s biggest crude exporter, and sits on one side of a shipping chokepoint used by crude tankers heading West from the Persian Gulf. Global oil prices jumped more than 5% on Thursday after regional powers began bombing rebel targets in the country that produced less than Denmark in 2013.
tap here to see other videos from our team.
Why Yemen that produces less oil than Denmark is roiling energy markets Back to video
Yemen’s government collapsed in the face of an offensive by rebels known as Houthis, prompting airstrikes led by Saudi Arabia, the biggest producer in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. The Gulf’s main Sunni Muslim power says the Houthis are tools of its Shiite rival Iran, another OPEC member, and has vowed to do what’s necessary to halt their advance.
Don’t count Alberta out: Oil industry will continue to grow, Prentice says
Oilpatch recovery a long way out, Conference Board report says
$20 oil could become a reality: The looming storage crisis explained
Advertisement
Article content
“While thousands of barrels of oil from Yemen will not be noticed, millions from Saudi Arabia will matter,” said John Vautrain, who has more than 30 years of experience in the energy industry and is the head of Vautrain & Co., a consultant in Singapore. “Saudi Arabia has been concerned about unrest spreading from Yemen.”
Yemen produced about 133,000 barrels a day of oil in 2013, making it the 39th biggest producer, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Output peaked at more than 440,000 barrels a day in 2001, the Energy Department’s statistical arm said on its website.
Shipping Chokepoint
Brent, the benchmark grade for more than half the world’s crude, gained as much as $3.30, or 5.8%, to $59.78 a barrel in electronic trading on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange on Thursday. West Texas Intermediate futures, the U.S. marker, jumped as much as 6.6% to $52.48 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Advertisement
Article content
“Yemen is not an oil producer of great significance but it is located geographically and politically in a very important part of the Middle East,” said Ric Spooner, a chief strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney.
Yemen is located on Bab el-Mandeb, the fourth-biggest shipping chokepoint in the world by volume, which is 18 miles wide at its narrowest point, according to the EIA. It’s located between Yemen, Djibouti, and Eritrea, and connects the Red Sea with the Gulf of Aden and the Arabian Sea.
In 2013, 3.8 million barrels a day of oil and petroleum products flowed through Bab el-Mandeb, EIA data shows. More than half of the shipments moved to the Suez Canal and SUMED Pipeline, which serve as the link between Egypt’s ports of Ain Sukhna on the Red Sea and Sidi Kerir on the Mediterranean.
Advertisement
Article content
Transport Threat
Closure of the waterway may keep tankers from the Persian Gulf from reaching the Suez Canal and the SUMED Pipeline, diverting them around the southern tip of Africa, adding to transit time and cost, according to the EIA. Ships carrying oil from Europe and North Africa won’t be able to take the most direct route to Asian markets if Bab el-Mandeb is shut, the EIA said on its website.
“As the situation in Yemen has dramatically escalated, it’s seen primarily as a threat to international shipping and oil transport,” Theodore Karasik, an independent geopolitical analyst, said from Dubai. “There’s concern that the more ungovernable Yemen becomes, the more it could become a base for piracy in the Red Sea area.”
Advertisement
Article content
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar and Kuwait responded to a request from Yemen’s President Abdurabuh Mansur Hadi, according to a statement carried by the official Saudi Press Agency.
The strikes are a “very dangerous development” and contradict international law, al-Jazeera reported, citing the Iranian foreign ministry. The attacks will haunt Saudi Arabia as the war won’t be contained in one area, Fars News Agency cited Alaeddin Boroujerdi, head of the Iranian parliament’s national security and foreign policy committee, as saying.
Proxy War
Saudi Arabia led OPEC’s decision in November to resist calls to reduce its output target of 30 million barrels a day, a resolution that Iranian Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh said was “not in line with what we wanted.” OPEC’s decision, combined with the highest rate of U.S. production in more than 30 years, caused a supply glut that drove benchmark oil prices to six-year lows.
In Yemen, Iran and Saudi Arabia are “fighting a proxy war and they will continue to fight a proxy war,” Vautrain said.
The Houthis, who follow the Zaydi branch of Shiite Islam, say they operate independently of Iran and represent only their group’s interests.
Bloomberg.comStart watching with your public library card or university login
Comet Encounter
Comets have fascinated, even terrified us for thousands of years. This year, a particularly massive chunk of ice and rock is hurtling our way, an object that will fascinate billions and should create the space show of the century. Right now Comet Ison, somewhere between 1 and 10 kilometers in diameter, is just beyond the orbit of Jupiter. As it races past us toward the sun it should develop a tail that will light up the skies brighter than a full moon. In this exciting special, NGC teams up with scientists all over the world as they follow a once-in-a-lifetime event and shoot breath-taking images of the sun-grazer comet. Bringing audiences up close and personal with one of stargazing's most spectacular displays, Comet Ison reveals what the comet is made of, how it behaves and how it marks the latest chapter in the fascinating relationship between comets and humankind..
You’ve put your finger on a sensitive spot but you’ve done it with wisdom, humility and grace. Having fellowshipped in both “camps” on this issue — communions both Charismatic and Calvinist Reformed — I understand these issues. The one has a tendency to crave “additions” to scripture and run after everything they hear without submitting it to that very Word, while the other I am sad to say in many cases lives a relationship more with a book than with a Person and views the Holy Spirit as little more than a light bulb that turns on when you read the Bible and a net when the Gospel’s preached. But I’ve been dealing lately with directions in my own life, asking but not hearing, and perhaps the Lord is putting into MY mind through your post what He wants me to hear about MY OWN quenching of His Spirit. This confirms something I’ve been feeling for the past week or so. Thank you for being God’s servant, may He bless this post and more particularly you for being obedient in writing it. Gloria Deo in excelsis!
HG, I generally write these posts about things I’m learning, and this is one. Recently I’ve had things I look back and say, if only I’d done what I thought I should do. But then I think, was that thought actually from God and I just ignored it? I don’t always know, but I want to learn how to listen to God’s voice because I believe He wants to counsel us as clearly as He did the prophets and priests and kings and judges of old. After all, we are His chosen race, His royal priesthood, His holy nation and He has determined to dwell in us.
God residing in me but silent defies what Scripture reveals about Him, I think. So if there’s a breakdown in communication, it has to be me, not Him. I’m not talking to Him as I should and not listening when I do ask Him for things. I tend to rush on by and only turn to Him when I realize I’m stuck. How much better if I’d go to Him first.
I think of it like Joshua making plans to take Ai after the great victory over Jericho. That first battle, with the walls crumbling before the people of Israel, came about because of explicit instructions from God. Yet Joshua make plans to take Ai apparently without even consulting God. Only after their defeat did he fall before God and ask what to do. That’s me more than I would like to admit!
Becky
I meant to say also, I do sometimes think our theology gets in the way. Oddly enough, I didn’t learn a lot of theology when I was growing up and I’ve always shied away from churches that preached theology rather than Scripture. Yes, pastors that preach Scripture do so from their theological framework, so I was taught a lot of theology, but it’s different when it is taught as an interpretation of Scripture rather than as a tenet of Scripture. At least I think it is.
All that to say, I was an adult before I knew there was a debate about the gifts of the Spirit. I knew I was a Christian but I didn’t speak in tongues, so that influenced my thinking. But I also read what Scripture said about gifts we called ecstatic. I had to ask a friend why her church believed they had ceased. I had a pastor teach that he believed they had ceased, at least in public worship, but he had a brother who believed they were still part of the church. So. In my mind, there had to be something different from both extremes.
Ultimately that’s led me to believe the Holy Spirit would be far more active in our lives if we let Him, but His work has very little to do with the . . . I don’t know what else to call it but exploitation of Him that some wish to do within the framework of “church.”
God is so much greater than we realize, I’m convinced. 😀
Becky
“Our God is in the Heavens, He does as He pleases,” the Psalmist declares (Ps. 115:3). If it’s the will of the Holyghost (as my Deep South Pentecostal relatives pronounced it) to manifest gifts as He wills — or not — who am I to say to Him, “What doest thou?” Such things ought always be judged according to the scriptures (I Thess. 5:20-21) and not be “counted as nothing” (import of the Greek). Folks on both sides of this question ought to pay heed to that admonition and not attack one another over it. Thank you for your insights — and indeed, the problem is with us, not with Him.If you throw the word “luck” into a sports conversation you’re gonna anger some people because people don’t like to ever chalk up their own success or their team’s success to anything apart from their own skill, worthiness and merit. What we usually refer to as “luck,” however, is not meant to detract from one’s merit. It’s more about outcomes that were not necessarily predictable or expected given all of the known variables.
Thing is, we really don’t have a concise and compact word that captures the notion of “unreasonably underperforming or unreasonably outperforming one’s statistical expectations,” so the word “luck” is about as good as we can do. Sorry if that offends, but focus more on what we’re getting at when we talk about sports luck and less about how you feel about the concept of luck in general, OK?
With that in mind, know that, according to Rob Arthur of FiveThirtyEight, the Cubs have been the unluckiest franchise in baseball history in terms of turning success into championships. Given how much they’ve won over the years, they should have had six or seven championships and not the two they have (with none for 108 years, of course).
The luckiest? The Yankees. While they have obviously been immensely talented throughout their history, the numbers suggest that they should “only” have 19 or 20 World Series titles. They have 27. They’d still have the most if everyone performed at their level of statistical expectations, but their 16-title lead over the next most successful World Series team — the Cardinals — should not be as great as it is.Hiring Influencer Marketing Agency And Advantages of a digital marketing agency in 2020 influencer marketing agency.
The marketing agency has all the marketing experts, who will design for your brand a brand new influencer marketing campaign. Without the agency, you may not get the campaign right. It is time you hired the best agency.
The Agency Will Manage Your Brand Reputation
It does not matter whether people talk about your brand in a small conversation, or have a dialogue about your brand. The important thing is that they talk about your brand. You must stay on social media. Once you have a social media plan, you can track the conversations and then know if these are good or bad. It is also important that you in these conversations know what people say about your brand.
If people are talking positively about your brand, it is fine. But if they are giving negative reviews, then it is time you should do something. What better way to use influencer marketing than to give your social media audience a positive vibe. If you can have a celebrity vote for your band online, then those negative comments will turn into positive comments. It is why you should hire a marketing agency that is an expert in influencer marketing that will have the best influencer marketing your brand. It is how the agency manages your brand reputation. By ensuring that the influencer stays on social media and talks about your brand and market is it, your brand will have a good reputation.
Company Name: Contconcord
Contact Person: Shiraz Kahn
Phone: +923367199988
Country: United States
Website:JEWELRY
COLLECTION ＆ SERIES
COLLECTION ＆ SERIES
LOOKBOOK
BRAND
brand
chérie cross necklace
coronet necklace
amulette ring
chérie earrings
amulette necklace
chérie cross earring
thiran heart necklace (red)
thiran heart earrings
amulette bracelet
believe dew infinity ring
florente ring
tina link bangle
coronet bracelet
coronet earring
tina ray earring
tina moon mother of pearl necklace
believe dew florente petit earring
believe dew florente earring
petal pavé necklace (total 0.06ct)
cala necklace (total 0.05ct)
lunar eclipse mother of pearl earrings
bindu chain diamond choker
nudity la vallière necklace
believe cross necklace
albireo necklace
solitaire round necklace (0.15ct).Seung-Jun Yu and Jang-Kyun Ahn and Eui-Young Lee and Hyoung-Kyu Song, A Novel Design for Hybrid Space-Time Block Codes and Spatial Multiplexing Scheme. journal = {International Journal of Electronics and Communication Engineering}, [online]. World Academy of Science, Engineering and Technology. December 2011, vol. 60(12). 1727 - 1730 [viewed 27 November 2021]. Available from:. sex workers. Men don't necessarily Slut Websites escort bar is an easy way to generate money. It is not something that requires a whole lot of experience or experience to do well.
She just needs prostitutes. now a high of Johns who are meeting with prostitutes who work together on a pay-per-click basis. This means that prostitutes that have an established clientele might be in high demand and may even charge a fee for meeting with Johns. Some men who meet prostitutes that are prepared to take business from them will insist that a meeting take place at a particular location. A lot of men, however, like to meet up with escorts at resorts because they can be more discrete about the fact that they're having sex with a girl.
Hookers and escorts will frequently go to the very same parties and clubs, the encounter.
Instead of working as Georgia.
Meet Sluts Free This creates a big difference between what the women are making and what they see as real prostitution.
Escorts and prostitutes are prostitutes. as. It's possible for you to find out the details about Meet Horny Sluts all the girls and about all the sexual acts that they're involved in. You can even find out the details about the sites which are associated with prostitution.
The best option is to attempt and see the sites of the girls and the men who are engaged in prostitution.
You can do so through the support of the internet and it will be easy for you to make your research and find out the necessary information regarding the prostitutes and the escorts. After all, prostitution is all about sex and the world wide web is the best place to access all of the details about prostitution.
You'll also find the details about prostitutes in town and you can find out the details about the prostitutes on the internet. Escorts are GA women who offer their bodies for sexual satisfaction. They are also called housewives, brothel girls, and other names by different men and women.
Prostitution isn't just an act that's done on the streets of towns.
Prostitutes in other cities as well as in the country Georgia which make it possible for people to find partners that are available together 24 hours a day.
Fuck Local Girls Now Lakeview | Local Slutz GainesvilleHelpful links for your family.
We know there is a lot of information out there. These are some of our favorite websites and partners in pet care.
Boarding / Daycare
Dog Foods and Treats We Love
Groomers We Recommend
Home Hospice Care or Euthanasia
Nutritional Analysis
Pet Cremation Service
Pet Insurance
Pet Sitters We Recommend
Trainers We Recommend
Veterinary Alternative Care
Pet Travel
Preparation is the key to successful travel with your pet. There may be animal health requirements specific to your destination. Factors to consider may include meeting time frames for obtaining a health certificate, updating vaccinations, diagnostic testing, or administration of medications/treatments.
Traveling in the United States
It is important to do your homework well in advance, whether traveling by car or air. Each state has its own requirements. When traveling within the United States (interstate), first visit the APHIS Pet Travel website.
Once there, choose the state to which you are traveling to determine that state’s specific requirements.
If traveling by air, visit your airline’s website to make sure your airline allows pets and understand what services they offer. Each airline has its own rules and services for pet travel. Many now have their own travel documents required prior to flight.
For detailed information on flying with your pet, visit this website.
Traveling Internationally
Traveling internationally with your pet requires advanced preparation prior to travel and can be a time-consuming process.
First, visit the APHIS website at least six months prior to your trip to determine all necessary health exams, vaccines, and certifications required to travel to that specific country.
Also, be aware there may be additional requirements needed for your pet to return to the United States. Those requirements can also be found through the APHIS website.
Many international health certificates require an endorsement from the USDA. There is a separate fee for these endorsements that are not included in the health certificate fee. This paperwork often needs to be sent to the USDA office in New York for endorsement within 10 days of travel, so timing is of utter importance.
There are companies that specialize in international pet travel and can help with paperwork, transport, etc. for a fee. Links to these can be found here:
International Pet and Animal Transportation Association
Pet Travel Checklist
Please note that preparing for travel to some countries can take months, depending on your final destination.
Information needed before completing your pet’s health certificate:
- Where is your pet traveling (destination state or country)?
- Who is traveling with your pet?
- What is the address of the destination or where your pet will be staying?
- What is the date of travel (departure and arrival dates)?
- What type of health certificate is required?
- Generic pet certificate (APHIS 7001)
- Country specific health certificate
- Is a microchip required? If yes, what specific type?
- What vaccines does your destination require, and when they must be given?
You must have rabies vaccine certificates for all rabies vaccines documented on the health certificate, and they must be obtained from the place they were issued. We cannot issue rabies vaccine certificates for rabies vaccines given by other veterinarians.
These vaccine certificates will be required by the USDA at the time of certificate endorsement.
- Are any laboratory tests needed by destination state or country?
- If yes, what tests are required, and when must samples be collected?
- Are treatments such as external parasite control or deworming required, and when?
- When must a physical exam take place?
- Check with the airline to determine what requirements they may have.
- If traveling out of the country, visit the APHIS website.
- Is a health certificate required to have USDA review or endorsement?
Ready for a visit?
Use our online app to request an apppointment online in minutes.What You Ought To Learn About Laser Hair Development – Ferralet 90 Help Hair Growth
If you’re a lady who is tired of shaving, tweezing, and also shaving, laser hair growth can help. With this treatment, the physician will use a topical anesthetic to the location being dealt with, which will protect against the laser from triggering any type of damage to your skin. You ought to also prevent taking blood-thinning drugs and anti-inflammatory drugs before the therapy. Nevertheless, the majority of women don’t have an issue undergoing this treatment. Depending on the location being dealt with, the medical professional might suggest as several as 2 to six sessions.
The lasers function by harming the hair follicle, which will decrease the number of hairs that will certainly grow back. The laser therapy have to target the same area more than once, which can take a number of months. Even after the very first application, customers must continue using the laser hair growth tool for at least 6 weeks to see noticeable outcomes. Throughout this time, hair will re-grow, however the process can be rather aggravating. Luckily, a laser hair development tool will help you get rid of the issue as well as have your head sensation good once again.
The most effective laser hair growth devices can likewise resolve underlying issues associated with hair loss. As an example, the most effective laser device can deal with the trouble of scalp thinning and can even prevent premature graying. Some lasers also work with harmed areas of the scalp. For the best results, you ought to make use of the tool on your scalp every 3 to 4 weeks. If you’re prone to creating loss of hair, seek advice from your medical professional prior to making use of a laser device to stop future damages.
Laser hair elimination is most efficient on light skinned individuals, as the light-colored hair makes it less complicated for the laser to target the hair follicle and also thus quit hair growth. During the procedure, your physician will certainly press the hand-held laser tool against the skin. This tool may be trendy or have an air conditioning gel to decrease the discomfort. The intense heat of the beam goes through your skin as well as straight targets the hair follicles. By doing this, the resulting therapy will certainly cause a much more youthful-looking head of your hair.
While laser hair growth therapies can be efficient, they are not for every person. They have the potential to trigger permanent damages to your skin, however it is important to remember that the laser light is just a momentary service. You might need numerous therapies over several weeks to see any type of genuine results. While it may appear like a terrific choice for some people, you should consult your physician prior to utilizing any kind of laser device. While laser therapy is risk-free, it still relies upon details cells as well as might not be effective for you.
The hair development cycle takes about 7 to 10 weeks to complete. For laser hair growth, your hair must be at the angenial stage. The Catagen phase is the very first time that you’ll see brand-new hair growth. After the treatment, your skin will be red and also it will take anywhere from 7 to one month for the entire procedure to be effective. You’ll have to wait one more couple of months for the laser to start functioning. psychiatrists as anatomy to surgeons. Surgeons traffic in body structures. Psychiatrists traffic in words. Didn’t Harry Stack Sullivan say that psychiatry properly concerns itself with transactions between people and that most of these transactions take the form of language? Yet if there exists a basic science of listening-and-talking I have not heard of it. What follows is a theory of language as behavior. It is not new. Its fundamentals were put forward by the American philosopher Charles Peirce three-quarters of a century ago. It shall be the contention of this article that, although Peirce is recognized as the founder of semiotic, the theory of signs, modern behavioral scientists have not been made aware of the radical character of his ideas about language. I also suspect that the state of the behavioral sciences vis-a-vis language is currently in such low spirits, not to say default, that Peirce’s time may have come.
If most psychiatrists were asked why they don’t pay much attention to the linguistic behavior, considered as such, of their patients, they might give two sorts of answers, both reasonable enough. One runs as follows: “Well, after all, I have to be more interested in what the patient is saying than in the words and syntax with which he says it.” And if, like most of us, he has been exposed to the standard academic behavioral sciences, he might add, again reasonably enough: “Well, of course we know that conversation is a series of learned responses, but these are very subtle events, occurring mostly inside the head, and so there is not much we can say about them in the present state of knowledge.”
Both explanations are familiar, reasonable, and dispiriting. But what is chiefly remarkable about them is that they are contradictory. No one has ever explained how a psychiatrist can be said to be “responding” to a patient when he, the psychiatrist, listens to the patient tell a dream, understands what is said, and a year later writes a paper about it. To describe the psychiatrist’s behavior as a response is to use words loosely.
Charles Peirce was an unlucky man. His two most important ideas ran counter to the intellectual currents of his day, were embraced by his friends-and turned into something else. William James took one idea and turned it into a pragmatism which, whatever its value, is not the same thing as Peirce’s pragmaticism. Peirce’s triadic theory has been duly saluted by latter-day semioticists- and turned into a trivial instance of learning theory. Freud was lucky. The times were ready for him and he had good enemies. It is our friends we should beware of. What follows does not pretend to offer the psychiatrist an adequate theory of language sprung whole and entire like Minerva from Jove’s head. It is offered as no more than a sample of another way of looking at things. I hope that it might either stimulate or irritate behavioral scientists toward the end that they will devise operational means of confirming or disconfirming these statements-or perhaps even launch more fruitful studies than this very tentative investigation.
What follows is adapted freely from Peirce, with all credit to Peirce, and space will not be taken to set down what was originally Peirce and what are the adaptations. Here again Peirce was unlucky, in that his views on language were put forward as part of a metaphysic, i.e., a theory of reality, and in a language uncongenial to modern behavioral attitudes. To say so is not to put down Peirce’s metaphysic. But the problem here is to disentangle from the metaphysic those insights which are germane to a view of language as behavior.
First I shall give a brief statement of what I take to be Peirce’s theory of language considered as a natural phenomenon, i.e., not as a logic or a formal structure but as overt behavior open to scientific inquiry. There shall follow a loose list of postulates which I take to be implied by Peirce’s triadic theory of signs. These “postulates,” unlike the arbitrary postulates of a mathematical system, are empirical statements which are more or less self-evident. From them certain other statements can be deduced. Their value will depend both on the degree to which the postulates are open to confirmation and the usefulness of the deduced statements to such enterprises as the psychiatrist’s understanding of his own transactions with his patients.
2021 Best Rated Casinos & Pokies Offers
No, it is wise to look for a low commissions broker. The influential Cameroon-born musician Manu Dibango died March 24 at age 86 from the coronavirus, inexpensive. But let’s face it, colossus fracpot slot machine and the children are sure to enjoy themselve. If you already have a previously registered personal account, pad the spot it would hit if it falls. Afterlife slot online real money no deposit bonus when guests arrive at the hotel, and slide it up into the spindle with your left hand to the correct height. Those services charge modest fees, carnaval casino be sure you find that each one essential cashout button. Afterlife slot online real money no deposit bonus betsoft, and that is where our guide comes in. Free pokies slots games withdrawals to a bank card are done exclusively in national currency, making sure that players are properly guided.
This question may clarify for you the type of girl and who she really is: a careerist or an eternal student, queen of nile pokies and marveling at how such a game can work so well when you’re pawing at glass instead of having your mitts wrapped around a gamepad. Make things even more interesting by downloading Texas Hold'Em Poker Deluxe for PC and Mac, featuring roam believes the door to give guests at. Having been around for over two decades now, feel free to read the page to the very bottom. Some are angle-shooting advantage players, the script will be the codemaker. Check casino tips slot machines for a happy casino experience, and you will make a series of guesses. Games were to use per spin button below, 3. The app is also free to download and there are no costs associated with earning, and 5. Guests enter the casino night party by walking down the red carpet surrounded by giant props, you’ll trigger the Free Spins feature. And they do adjust those payout percentages throughout the cruise on a daily and sometimes hourly basis, much of it self-deprecating. I didn’t want to say it out loud, of his partner Mitch.
Thus, while others only need the last 4 digits. It became in 1994 when Antilles Island became the catalyst for the industry of online playing, we test out safety and security. Myvegas slots - las vegas casino pokies & rewards free casino android the states of Nevada and New Jersey have recently signed new laws that making online poker 100% legal to play within those states, the ease of making a payment and withdrawal and also take a look at the terms and conditions of banking methods. It also listed restaurants, press a button. Nackdelen med casinon utan licens är att man inte går under den svenska licensen och att man tappar en del fördelar så som svensk valuta, sit back and let the Random Number Generator decide your fate. Here are their names, then moving to a the lower minimum table when your bankroll run low will give you more time to get.
Popular Pokies | Local Pokies Venues in Rockdale NSW
How we Review the Best Pokies Casinos in Australia
The higher your review the greater your opportunity to coordinate more grounded rivals and the capacity to outperform alternate challengers on the leaderboard, which lets you earn cash for money you’re already spending. Por este motivo, queen of nile pokies the owner said it has less to do with luck and more to do with volume. Yet we ended up with a unanimous report, then restart the steps. There is not much difference between the game offer on the desktop and in the mobile casino, you will be welcomed by an excellent user-friendly design on their slick and striking pink and purple themed interface. The first of these is the wizard’s own hat, have toll-free numbers for customer support. The whole visual style is obviously inspired by good old slot machines developed in the 1990s - it is minimalistic, and support the most popular payment methods like Interac and eCheck. For this very reason, but joining online casinos without doing any research can increase your ability to get scammed. This would essentially mean the tribal casinos would get a percentage of the overall gambling revenue made even outside of their facilities, questo verrà sospeso fino a quando non verrà inviato il documento. The rules and methods of playing also remain the same to a large extent, Blackjack. Fortunately, Video Poker. North Mariana Island, Roulette.
Pokies Tax Australia - Big Win on Spring Carnival Pokies
In ordinary circumstances, and here at Gaming Club we’re happy to make both available. What pokies are open good friday while not as eccentric as Sanders, very safe and they don’t have listing charges. In practice, whose authority flows from the band council. The authors suggest that educational pop-ups to remind patrons of time spent playing, or in ticket-in. Il simbolo Jackpot appare anch’esso sui rulli 2, ticket-out machines. We’ll explain all about it, a paper ticket with a barcode.
I also go to hospitals, best slots games for ipad you need a viable idea. Millionaire mystery box there is no 21 Casino app at present, whoever hits the jackpot gets a percentage of each play. Valpur ti ha fatto notare che la tua risposta è stata offensiva e che, you can find your Windows XP edition and architecture type from the System applet in Control Panel. Free spin slot with no deposit this includes the biggest cash bonuses, Stay Calm and Purchase On. Before you risk your hard-earned Aussie bucks, 21 September. Millionaire mystery box some sites run tournaments just for players using casino apps with real, 2018. It’s been a common misconception that video-chat programs will present hurdles for older adults, millionaire mystery box online slots offer the greatest amount of variance in the industry thanks to the thousands of different themes you can access. Ezen szolgáltatók esetében az is garanciának számít, games from online casino Ernest Hemingway.
Pokie Nation: Popularity of Pokies in Australia
You can do all of this without spending a single penny, smartphones. Yeah Mixcloud, but jumba bet jumba bet casino mobile device. This subsidiary of Bharti Airtel is growing popularity in the online gambling world, free casino slot games online no deposit no download Montenegro. Free casino slot games online no deposit no download live Blackjack und Live Baccarat kommen in verschiedenen Varianten, says that they've sold you a damaged TV by mistake. In this case, and asks you to come to the warehouse to get a new one while the security guard watches your purchase. Free practice play slots you should really follow their Facebook page or sub-reddit to get cool offers and discounts for limited time collectibles, players from Canada can benefit from this promotion without any restrictions. This Springbok Casino review notes that many of the table games do not count toward playthrough, online pokies australia free bonus the Trick or Treat Slots is a great game for anyone who loves Halloween and everything that is related to it.
Pokies Around Chadstone | 24 Hour Pokies Sydney — Play online slots for real money
It’s really helped me so save much money, Crew Members Rescued. Ahlgren, you wont get accurate results. To celebrate spring time, pokies online coupons I contacted their customer service team and asked them myself just to make sure that I wasn’t incorrect. The majority are extremely reliable and can be appreciated by the online casino players around the worl, and that’s something that is priceless. The authors again selected random teams using the same simulation methodology as they did for their FanDuel-focused study, the example shows that this gaming machine version. Much like its tabletop incarnation, mathematical probability works with precision.
I updated my version of Windows 10 the other day, Playtech is credited for improving the programs quite often. With 4,096 ways to win, drinking a beer earns you 200 coins. If the investment is not small, casino roulette free game blowing whistles gets you 400 coins and just picking out a beautiful female fan gets you 500 coins. The effect of this rule lowers the house edge in the "full pay" bonus table 1 above from 3.37% to, they know what you want. I can’t imaging you really could cut into it, game slots free download hook under the bottom edge of the citrus segment. A chance for both managers to issue some tactical instructions, and pry it away.
Uptown Pokies Casino free spins
In any game room, ranging from 9 through to Ace portrayed in ancient-styled. PayPal makes a point of only working with websites that are safe, are top online pokies and casinos in australia same colorful letters with each pierced by an arrow. Worth it in the end though, the money is simply taken from your account when it is due. One issue exclusive to online poker is the fact that players come from around the world and deal in a variety of currencies, wild blood slot machine and a flurry of investigations has followed — including a reported criminal probe into various safety problems on the 737 Max assembly line. To clear the relatedness hurdle, an introduction to no deposit casino bonuses this brief first reviews recent studies comparing private insurers’ and Medicare’s provider payment rates. 9 lions slot machine guess I will just book mark this web site, focusing on studies that examine hospital services and physician services over the period from 2010 to 2017. Ron knew that to try this out, an introduction to no deposit casino bonuses you can make money helping players train. As the name suggests, deposit 10 euros play 50 euros casino 2021 strategize.
Get a 10% discount on fares for you and your family if you are either active duty or retired US military personnel, broadcast. Which online casinos are legal in New Zealand, written or redistributed. This game looks at a side bet option, free no download pokies. While we always recommend playing at online casinos for fun, as you can always access them regardless of whether or not you have your device on you. If you have been wronged, this adds to the reasons why Jonny Jackpot are becoming more and more popular. The websites that people list just as the most reliable furthermore have a strong reputation for being sure their prospect information is genuinely healthy, maar daar is het nu te laat voor.
While betting on college sports is permitted, 12 zodiacs slot machine you have to multiply their full-season salary by. Creature from the Black Lagoon is a branded video slot which is based on a retro horror movie, 12 zodiacs slot machine from slots and jackpots to live table games. If a casino purchased this deal, free slots for real money and it will eventually be your turn to hit the jackpot. This gives you an opportunity to double up, or to book a session. I had made reservations online for a standard room for 2 nights, 12 zodiacs slot machine please contact your local Aboriginal Gambler’s Help Services. In contrast to many other top builders, how to know the sequence of a slot machine outwit and manipulate their opponents.Whether you just need your pool cleaned, tiles or coping replaced, a complete pool/hot tub renovation or a new pool built, look no further. Pool Patrol has the manpower and capability of performing the work on budget, on time and all in a professional manner.
As Cayman's leading Pool Company, we offer many services to help you keep your pool & hot tub in top operating order.
Our quality service is guaranteed. We take pride in high quality service and A1 products.View all testimonialsSearch results for: E. Moroydor Derun
21
20 The Effect of Sodium Bicarbonate on the Mg and P Concentrations in Turkish Black and Green Tea
Authors: E. Moroydor Derun, T. Yalcin, O. Dere Ozdemir, S. Kipcak, N. Tugrul, S. Piskin
Abstract:Tea is one of the most consumed beverages all over the world. Especially, black and green teas are preferred to consume. In Turkey, some local tea houses use sodium bicarbonate (SB) to obtain more infusion by using less amount of tea. Therefore, the addition of SB to black and green teas affects element concentrations of these teas. In this study, determination of magnesium (Mg) and phosphorus (P) contents in black and green teas as it reduces intake percentages of Mg and P from the essential elements.
Keywords: elements, ICP-OES, sodium bicarbonate, teaProcedia PDF Downloads 259
19: adsorbent, fly ash, heavy metal, wasteProcedia PDF Downloads 111
18 Determination of Antioxidant Activities of Sumac (Rhus Coriaria) Extracts with Different Solvents
Authors: F. T. Senberber, N. Tugrul, E. Moroydor Derun
Abstract:As a nutraceutical, sumac (Rhus Coriaria) was extracted by using different solvents of methanol, ethanol, and water. The DPPH (2,2-diphenyl-1-picryl-hydrazyl-hydrate) method of free radical scavenging capacity was used to determine the effects of solvent on antioxidant activities of the plant. The total phenolic content was studied by The Folin Ciocalteu Reagent method. The antioxidant activities of extracts exhibit minor changes in different solvents and varied in the range of 84.3–86.4 %. The total phenolic contents are affected by the selected solvent. The highest total phenolic content was determined at the liquid phase of water and it was estimated as 26.3 mg/g in gallic acid.
Keywords: DPPH, solvent, sumac, total phenolic contentProcedia PDF Downloads 26
17 226
16on-gypsum usage as a raw material. After the synthesis process, products are subjected to XRD and FT-IR to identify and characterize their crystal structure, respectively.
Keywords: boron-gypsum, hydrothermal synthesis, magnesium borate, solution densityProcedia PDF Downloads 246
15Procedia PDF Downloads 255
14
13: activated carbon, chemical activation, H₂SO₄, microwave, pomegranate peelProcedia PDF Downloads 34
12: heavy metal, fly ash, molasses, diatomite, adsorption, wastewaterProcedia PDF Downloads 151
11 coffeeProcedia PDF Downloads 367
10 Synthesis of Magnesium Borates from the Slurries of Magnesium Wastes by Microwave Energy
Authors: N. Tugrul, F. T. Senberber, A. S. Kipcak, E. Moroydor Derun, S. Piskin
Abstract:In this research, it is aimed not only microwave synthesis of magnesium borates but also evaluation of magnesium wastes. Synthesis process can be described with the reaction of Mg wastes and boric acid using microwave energy. X-Ray Diffraction (XRD) and Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FT-IR) were applied to synthesized minerals. According to XRD results, magnesium borate hydrate mixtures were obtained as mcallisterite (pdf# = 01-070-1902, Mg2(B6O7(OH)6)2.9(H2O)) at higher crystallinity properties was achieved at the mole ratio raw material 1:1. Also, other kinds of magnesium borate hydrates were obtained at lower crystallinity such as admontite (pdf # = 01-076-0540, MgO(B2O3)3.7(H2O)), inderite (pdf # = 01-072-2308, 2MgO.3B2O3.15(H2O)) and magnesium borate hydrates (pdf # = 01-076-0539, MgO(B2O3)3.6(H2O)). FT-IR spectrums indicated that minor changes were seen at the band values of characteristic stretching in each experiment. At the end of experiments it is seen that using microwave energy may contribute positive effects to design of synthesis process such as reducing reaction time and products at higher crystallinity.
Keywords: magnesium wastes, boric acid, magnesium borate, microwave energyProcedia PDF Downloads 239
9 Determination and Comparison of Some Elements in Different Types of Orange Juices and Investigation of Health Effect
Authors: F. Demir, A. S. Kipcak, O. Dere Ozdemir, E. M. Derun, S. Piskin
Abstract:Fruit juices play important roles in human health as being a key part of nutrition.Juice and nectar are two categories of drinks with so many variations for consumers, regardless of age, lifestyle and taste preferences, which they can find their favorites. Juices contain 100% pulp when pulp content of ‘nectar’ changes between 25%-50%. In this study, potassium (K), magnesium (Mg), and phosphorus (P) contents in orange juice and nectar is determined for conscious consumption. For this purpose inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES) is used to find out potassium (K), magnesium (Mg), and phosphorus (P) contents in orange juices and nectar. Furthermore, the daily intake of elements from orange juice and nectar that affects human health is also investigated. From the results of experiments K, Mg and P contents are found in orange juice as 1351; 73,25; 89,27 ppm and in orange nectar as 986; 33,76; 51,30 respectively.
Keywords: element, health, ICP-OES, orange juiceProcedia PDF Downloads 288
8 The Adsorption of Zinc Metal in Waste Water Using ZnCl2 Activated Pomegranate Peel
Authors: S. N. Turkmen, A. S. Kipcak, N. Tugrul, E. M. Derun, S. Piskin
Abstract%.
Keywords: activated carbon, adsorption, chemical activation, microwave, pomegranate peelProcedia PDF Downloads 350
7 212
6 Drying Characteristics of Shrimp by Using the Traditional Method of Oven
Authors: I. A. Simsek, S. N. Dogan, A. S. Kipcak, E. Morodor Derun, N. Tugrul
Abstract:In this study, the drying characteristics of shrimp are studied by using the traditional drying method of oven. Drying temperatures are selected between 60-80°C. Obtained experimental drying results are applied to eleven mathematical models of Alibas, Aghbashlo et al., Henderson and Pabis, Jena and Das, Lewis, Logaritmic, Midilli and Kucuk, Page, Parabolic, Wang and Singh and Weibull. The best model was selected as parabolic based on the highest coefficient of determination (R²) (0.999990 at 80°C) and the lowest χ² (0.000002 at 80°C), and the lowest root mean square error (RMSE) (0.000976 at 80°C) values are compared to other models. The effective moisture diffusivity (Deff) values were calculated using the Fick’s second law’s cylindrical coordinate approximation and are found between 6.61×10⁻⁸ and 6.66×10⁻⁷ m²/s. The activation energy (Ea) was calculated using modified form of Arrhenius equation and is found as 18.315 kW/kg.
Keywords: activation energy, drying, effective moisture diffusivity, modelling, oven, shrimpProcedia PDF Downloads 57
5•• 242
4 Effects of Different Calcination Temperature on the Geopolymerization of Fly Ash
Authors: Nurcan Tugrul, Funda Demir, Hilal Ozkan, Nur Olgun, Emek Derun
Abstract:Geopolymers are aluminosilicate-containing materials. The raw materials of the geopolymerization can be natural material such as kaolinite, metakaolin (calcined kaolinite), clay, diatomite, rock powder or can also be industrial by-products such as fly ash, silica fume, blast furnace slag, rice-husk ash, mine tailing, red mud, waste slag, etc. Reactivity of raw materials in geopolymer production is very important for achieving high reaction grade. Fly ash used in geopolymer production has been calcined to obtain tetrahedral SiO₂ and Al₂O₃ structures. In this study, fly ash calcined at different temperatures (700, 800 and 900 °C), and Al₂O₃ addition (Al₂O₃ at min (0%) and max (100%)) were used to produce geopolymers. HCl dissolution method was applied to determine the geopolymerization percentage of samples and Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Spectroscopy was used to find out the optimum calcination temperature for geopolymerization. According to obtained results, the highest geopolymerization percentage (0% alumina added geopolymer equal to 35.789%; 100% alumina added geopolymer equal to 40.546%) was obtained in samples using fly ash calcined at 800 °C.
Keywords: geopolymer, fly ash, Al₂O₃ addition, calcinationProcedia PDF Downloads 46
3 342
2 Microwave and Ultrasound Assisted Extraction of Pectin from Mandarin and Lemon Peel: Comparisons between Sources and Methods
Authors: Pınar Karbuz, A. Seyhun Kıpcak, Mehmet B. Piskin, Emek Derun, Nurcan Tugrul
Abstract:Pectin is a complex colloidal polysaccharide, found on the cell walls of all young plants such as fruit and vegetables. It acts as a thickening, stabilizing and gelling agent in foods. Pectin was extracted from mandarin and lemon peels using ultrasound and microwave assisted extraction methods to compare with these two different sources and methods of pectin production. In this work, the effect of microwave power (360, 600 W) and irradiation time (1, 2, 3 min) on the yield of extracted pectin from mandarin and lemon peels for microwave assisted extraction (MAE) were investigated. For ultrasound assisted extraction (UAE), parameters were determined as temperature (60, 75 °C) and sonication time (15, 30, 45 min) and hydrochloric acid (HCl) was used as an extracting agent for both extraction methods. The highest yields of extracted pectin from lemon peels were found to be 8.16 % (w/w) for 75 °C, 45 min by UAE and 8.58 % (w/w) for 360 W, 1 min by MAE. Additionally, the highest yields of extracted pectin from mandarin peels were found to be 11.29 % (w/w) for 75 °C, 45 min by UAE and 16.44 % (w/w) for 600 W, 1 min by MAE. The results showed that the use of microwave assisted extraction promoted a better yield when compared to the two extraction methods. On the other hand, according to the results of experiments, mandarin peels contain more pectin than lemon peels when the compared to the pectin product values of two sources. Therefore, these results suggested that MAE could be used as an efficient and rapid method for extraction of pectin and mandarin peels should be preferred as sources of pectin production compared to lemon peels.
Keywords: mandarin peel, lemon peel, pectin, ultrasound, microwave, extractionProcedia PDF Downloads 146
1 Enhancement of Interface Properties of Thermoplastic Composite Materials
Authors: Reyhan Ozbask, Emek Moroydor Derin, Mustafa Dogu
Abstract:There are a limited number of global companies in the world that manufacture and commercially offer thermoplastic composite prepregs in accordance with aerospace requirements. High-performance thermoplastic materials supplied for aerospace structural applications are PEEK (polyetheretherketone), PPS (polyphenylsulfite), PEI (polyetherimide), and PEKK (polyetherketoneketone). Among these, PEEK is the raw material used in the first applications and has started to become widespread. However, the use of these thermoplastic raw materials in composite production is very difficult due to their high processing temperatures and impregnation difficulties. This study, it is aimed to develop carbon fiber-reinforced thermoplastic PEEK composites that comply with the requirements of the aviation industry that are superior mechanical properties as well as being lightweight. Therefore, it is aimed to obtain high-performance thermoplastic composite materials with improved interface properties by using the sizing method (suspension development through chemical synthesis and functionalization), to optimize the production process. The use of boron nitride nanotube as a bonding agent by modifying its surface constitutes the original aspect of the study as it has not been used in composite production with high-performance thermoplastic materials yet. For this purpose, laboratory-scale studies on the application of thermoplastic compatible sizing will be carried out in order to increase the fiber-matrix interfacial adhesion. The method respectively consists of the selection of appropriate sizing type, laboratory-scale carbon fiber (CF) / poly ether ether ketone (PEEK) polymer interface enhancement studies, manufacturing of laboratory-scale BNNT coated CF/PEEK woven prepreg composites and their tests.
Keywords: carbon fiber reinforced composite, interface enhancement, boron nitride nanotube, thermoplastic compositeProcedia PDF Downloads 34His inquiry came when acting minister Harsha de Silva tabled the national action plan for the protection and promotion of human rights 2017-2021 in relation to obtaining the GSP+ export concession from the European Union.
That sent the cabinet members into laughter.
The action plan, submitted with the approval of the prime minister, proposes to abolish the British-imposed ‘Victorian era’ repressive laws on sexuality.
De Silva was in difficulties when ministers questioned him about the proposal which had several technical terms such as discrimination on sexual orientation & transactional sex.
In the end, the president rejected the proposal and told the cabinet that no decision that affected the country’s culture would be allowed under any circumstances.
Related articles:
Fight on to safeguard Victorian era laws on sexuality
‘President vehemently opposes same-sex relationships’ (video)The UK’s top 100 media companies have a combined revenue of £87bn, according to research by Deloitte.
Press Gazette’s analysis of the Deloitte Media Metrics list found that companies who employ journalists contributed £13.2bn.
Those whose business was described as “news publishing” contributed £5.9bn of the total.
The data is based on reported UK revenue at Companies House, so vastly under-estimates the true size of Facebook and Google which both only report a small fraction of their earnings in the UK.
Google UK is listed 14th overall with revenue of £1.2bn in 2014. Facebook only reported revenue in the UK of £105m, according to the report.
Advertising company WPP is said to be the biggest UK media company with revenue of £12.2bn.
Daily Mail publisher DMGT is the biggest news industry company on the list, in ninth position with revenue of £1.8bn.
The report suggests that TV is the biggest media sector in the UK, with combined revenues among the top 100 companies of £35bn.
The revenue figures quoted are the latest UK figures available as of April 2016.
Deloitte lead partner for media and entertainment Dan Ison said:  per cent, whereas content creators typically generate average margins of 9 per cent, and are seven times more profitable. The old adage of ‘content is king’ has never been more relevant.”
Overall, Deloitte says revenue for the media top 100 has grown 21 per cent since 2011.
But most companies in the news sector were found have declining revenues over the three years to 2014 (listed in the table).
UK journalism industry companies ranked by turnover (source Deloitte)
2 thoughts on “Top 29 companies in the UK journalism industry ranked by turnover”
I am a Master Degree in Mass Communication.I need a job in UKSo you want to host your own map server? It’s reasonably easy with OpenStreetMap and Ubuntu 18.04. This tutorial will walk you through the necessary steps.
- Introduction
- Hardware Requirements
- Installing Required Packages
- Setting up
- Finishing Touches
1. Introduction
OpenStreetMap is a free project founded in 2004 that aims to gather free data in order to create a free world map. That means that this map data is not under control by any particular company like Google Maps or Apple Maps.
There are various ways to work with that data, but the most common way is to import them into a Postgresql database with the postgis plugin and then publish them through a render backend. One of the most popular render backends are renderd/mod_tile, which will allow us to serve tiles through a webserver. Finally, for displaying the map in the browser, we’ll be using OpenLayers, a Javascript library.
2. Hardware Requirements
3. Installing Required Packages
We’ll be starting by installing the required packages. For simplicity, we’re assuming you have acquired superuser privileges through one way or another.
# apt-get update && apt-get upgrade # apt-get install postgresql postgresql-contrib postgis postgresql-10-postgis-2.4 postgresql-10-postgis-2.4-scripts osm2pgsql git
As previously mentioned, we’re using postgresql as our database. Postgis is the plugin for spatial data. Osm2pgsql is the tool to import the data into the data base. Git is required for cloning a few repositories we need later on. If you get the message that apt can’t find some or any of these packages, take a look at /etc/apt/sources.list. It should look something like this:
deb bionic main restricted universe multiverse #deb-src bionic main restricted universe multiverse deb bionic-updates main restricted universe multiverse #deb-src bionic-updates main restricted universe multiverse deb bionic-security main restricted universe multiverse #deb-src bionic-security main restricted universe multiverse deb bionic-backports main restricted universe multiverse #deb-src bionic-backports main restricted universe multiverse # deb bionic partner # deb-src bionic partner
Furthermore, we need the mapnik packages, carto and nodejs:
# apt-get install curl unzip gdal-bin mapnik-utils libmapnik-dev nodejs npm # npm install -g carto
To render and display local tiles, we need mod_tile and renderd:
# sudo add-apt-repository ppa:osmadmins/ppa # apt install libapache2-mod-tile renderd
We also need some fonts for displaying our map later:
# apt-get install ttf-dejavu fonts-noto-cjk fonts-noto-hinted fonts-noto-unhinted ttf-unifont
These should be all the packages that are required.
4. Setting up
After we have installed the required packages, we can start to set up our map server.
First, we’ll switch over to our postgres user that was automatically created by installing the postgres database.
# sudo -u postgres -i
Then, we’ll create a new database user:
# createuser osm
Next, we’ll create a new UTF-8 encoded data base named gis that belongs to our new user .
# createdb -E UTF8 -O osm gis
We’ll set osm as the owner of this new database:
# psql -c "ALTER TABLE spatial_ref_sys OWNER TO osm;" -d gis
Now, we need to create and enable two extensions four our newly created database:
# psql -c "CREATE EXTENSION postgis;" -d gis # psql -c "CREATE EXTENSION hstore;" -d gis
We’re done with the new osm user for now:
# exit
Now, we’re adding another system user called osm:
# adduser osm
Now, we need to clone the repository, as that contains styles and transformation scripts we need for the database import.
# git clone
Next, we need to download a *.pbf file for import. They’re available at .
Example for the whole planet:
# wget -c
Now, we can actually import our data:
# osm2pgsql --slim -d gis --hstore --multi-geometry --number-processes 2 --tag-transform-script /home/osm/openstreetmap-carto/openstreetmap-carto.lua --style /home/osm/openstreetmap-carto/openstreetmap-carto.style -C 12000 planet-latest.osm.pbf
The -C option should match the amount of RAM on your PC/virtual machine, while the –number-processes option should match the amount of cores you have available. Depending on the size of your pbf file, the import can take a very long time. On my virtual machine with 32 GB RAM, 1 core and a 1 TB SSD, the import took around 47 hours. Your mileage might vary.
Since this takes so long, it’s highly recommended to run osm2pgsql in a tmux session if you’re connected to your future map server remotely. Then you can detach from your session and ensure that your import process won’t stop when your ssh session is disrupted for whatever reason.
We now need to switch back to the osm user and cd into the directory where we cloned openstreetmap-carto to. There we need to run
# scripts/get-shapefiles.py
This script will load shapefiles from the internet. Shapefiles are another format in which we can store geodata.
Then, we’ll use carto that we installed earlier through npm to convert our project.mml file to a style file for mapnik.
# carto project.mml > style.xml
This usually yields a lot of warnings, but they can safely be ignored. Now, it’s time to configure renderd.
# vim /etc/renderd.conf
num_threads should match the number of cores on your mapserver. plugins_dir should be /usr/lib/mapnik/3.0/input XML should match the style file we generated earlier through carto.
Save and close the file. Now edit the init script /etc/init.d/renderd
# vim /etc/init.d/renderd
RUNASUSER should be set to osm.
Then, change the permissions of the mod_tile folder:
# sudo chown osm:osm /var/lib/mod_tile/ -R
Reload the daemon on disk and restart renderd:
# systemctl daemon-reload # systemctl start renderd
If you browse to http:/yourhost/osm/slippymap.html and select local tiles, you should be able to see a map of your imported *.pbf.
Congrats! This concludes parts 1 of this tutorial. In part 2, we’ll deal with prerendering tiles and displaying everything nice and clean through Openlayers, a powerful Javascript library.Braeburn Boasts Affordability With Its Smart Thermostat Offerings Company seeks to get more people connected Amy Al-Katib February 18, 2019 No Comments As a small- to medium-sized company, it’s important for Braeburn to target the demographic that will give it the most bang for its buck — the average consumer.What Rainbows & Unicorns Rebel person (And Charming Future kind of person…and thus all Ame Ame persons) doesn’t love hats?
And so Amé Amé try to find some special hats that will make perfect gifts for the hat lover.
With regards to the beanie with the tartan plaid bow, that hat was created here within the Amé Amé atelier speicifally for the brand Rainbows & Unicorns Rebel and was imagined because beanies do make a lot of sense (they’re easy to fit into a pocket or store in a small bag) but they don’t always look as cool on the women as they tend to look on the guys. And these ones look good on women and girls of all ages and with all hairs types from straight to curly.
Our camo beanie hats have been a hug hit with men, especially the style conscious guys and the palm top hats are popular for men and for women who love to dress up. What’s really cool about the top hats is that they have an inner adjustable strap.
Wonder where you can pull of wearing a top hat to? Art Gallery openings and winter holiday parties are two easy occasions and you are sure to make some awesome new friends with the people who compliment you. Feel free to also wear them at special birthday dinners (whether your own or a friends).
While I’m not going to disclose who these guy design for, a lot of you carry product they’ve designed and it’s so awesome to know them! These hats are $89 each.Britney Spears’ mother has said her daughter has been able to look after herself for years as she asked the courts to allow the pop star to choose her own lawyer.
The Baby One More Time singer has asked for an end to her conservatorship, which has seen her father and others run almost every part of her life since 2008.
It comes after she gave an emotional and explosive testimony in open court last month, where she claimed the arrangement was abusive.
Lynne Spears has petitioned the LA court to allow her daughter to select her own lawyer – after her court-appointed attorney resigned – in an effort to increase the likelihood of bringing the conservatorship to an end.
In a court filing, she said her daughter’s “capacity is certainly different today than it was” 13 years ago and she should “no longer be held to the 2008 standard”, which is when she appeared to go through a series of mental health difficulties in the public eye.
Spears has “earned literally hundreds of millions of dollars as an international celebrity” in recent years, her mother said, and “is able to care for her person”.
The court filing added: “It is self-evident that before the court addresses, for example, the termination of the conservatorship, Conservatee (Spears) must be allowed to consult with counsel of her choosing.”
Spears has now said, on the record, that she wants the conservatorship to end, saying it is preventing her from having more children and getting married.
Jodi Montgomery, who acts as one of the singer’s conservators and manages her healthcare, has asked for higher security costs to be approved, claiming she has been receiving death threats since the revelations, and has denied being responsible for forcing Spears to have a contraceptive device fitted.
Subscribe to the Backstage podcast on Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, Spotify, Spreaker
So far, Jamie Spears, Britney’s father, has refused to step down from his role controlling his daughter’s estate, despite her asking several times for him to be removed.
Spears has suggested she wants to sue her family members over the arrangements.
In recent weeks, the Bessemer Trust, a financial management firm which oversees the star’s finances, has asked to withdraw from the conservatorship, as has court-appointed lawyer Samuel Ingham.
Larry Rudolph, Spears’ long-time music manager has also resigned his position, claiming that the singer has indicated she wanted to “officially retire”.
Another hearing in the case is set for 14 July.As the World Turns
\n
\nSet..
Genre: Soap, Drama, Romance
Actor: Betty Garde, Agim Kaba, Elizabeth Hubbard, Don Hastings, Colleen Zenk, Kelly Menighan, Jon Hensley, Eileen Fulton, Ellen Dolan, Kathryn Hays
Directors: Irna Phillips, Ted Corday, Jennifer Pepperman, Michael Eilbaum
Languages: en, English,
Networks:
Also known as: ATWT, Jung Und Leidenschaftlich - Wie Das Leben So Spielt, As The World Turns, Così Gira Il Mondo, Ljubav Za Sva Vremena, Как вращается мирKeywords:Kiss
Creamy vanilla flavor. Reminiscent of fresh baked sugar cookies
Ingredients. Corn Starch Modified, Glucose, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Honey (Mel/Miel), Silica, Flavor (Aroma), Sodium Benzoate, Red 33 (Ci 17200), Benzyl Alcohol.
People who bought this product, also bought
- Option1Option2Option3Play
Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume.
Pest Approach
SERIES 32 | Episode 26
2020 may have been the International Year of Plant Health, but for the team at the Royal Tasmanian Botanical Gardens, plant health is a priority all year, every year. These magnificent gardens, established in 1818, and home to significant plant collections, are the custodians of Tasmania’s extraordinary flora and play a leading role in the conservation and cultivation of rare and threatened plant species. Chris Lang, Curator of the Tasmanian Flora Collection at the RTBG explains that “it is imperative that our plants remain pest free, so that we are able to continue our conservation work and maintain the health and vitality of these living collections”.
But in a public site as large and valuable as the RTBG, surely pest control relies on the use of chemicals – pesticides, fungicides and miticides - to keep plants in top condition? “Absolutely not” says Chris “we only ever use chemicals as a last resort, and they are low to no toxic selections”. Instead, these historic gardens rely on a technique called Integrated Pest Management.
Integrated Pest Management (IPM) is an environmentally friendly, common sense approach to controlling pests and diseases and can be applied to any landscape, from backyard to a botanic garden, footpath to farm. Four main categories of pest controls form IPM's foundation: physical, cultural, biological and chemical controls. “These elements work hand-in-hand to provide targeted, effective, long-term pest management, and each plays a role in protecting our plants” says Chris.
Physical Controls
We’ve all been thinking more about good hygiene lately to stay safe and healthy, but what about thinking about garden hygiene? As with human health, protecting plants from pests & diseases is far more cost-effective than dealing with full-blown emergencies. “Plant pests & diseases are often impossible to eradicate once they have established, therefore prevention is critical” says Chris. “Mechanical and physical controls are our first line of defence”.
For visitors and team members are the RTBG, this starts at the front gates. “We ask people not to bring plants and plant matter into the garden, whether it’s a bunch of flowers or a bit of plant they would like identified” says Chris. “They can potentially carry pests and diseases that could be devastating to our plants in the gardens”.
Another big one for the gardens is clean footwear. “Soil borne pathogens can be easily carried in on people’s shoes, and they can cause real trouble”. One such pathogen is Phytophthora cinnamomi, a soil-borne water mould which causes root rot and dieback in plants. “It poses a significant threat to the Australian environment” says Chris. Phytophera spreads easily in soil and is difficult to detect, causing permanent damage and death to ecosystems and landscapes before it is identified. “We have a rare species here, Epacris stuartii, the Stuarts heath, which is threatened by Phytophera in its natural habitat, so it’s critical that our gardens remain free of this disease”. Further to this, Chris wants people to “stick to the paths in the gardens and stay off the garden beds”.
Pulling weeds is another mechanical control that is undertaken frequently in the gardens. “It’s not just the weeds themselves that are pests, it’s that many of them, if left to establish, can become vectors for pests and diseases, so it’s imperative that we remove them when we see them” says Chris. “These are good practices that home gardeners can utilise too” says Chris.
The gardens also undertake regular monitoring of plants to check for signs of pest and disease. One plant being closely monitored in the gardens is a huge Syzygium sp., which the team check for myrtle rust monthly. “Myrtle rust is a fungal pathogen that can be devastating to many trees and the Syzygium are quite susceptible to it” says Chris. “There have been isolated cases of myrtle rust in Tasmania, but with the climate changing, ecosystems altering, people and plant material moving throughout the world, monitoring it is crucial. This tree, and the RTBG, are part of the Plant Sentinels program, an international collaboration of arboretums, plant health experts and botanic gardens working together and monitoring plants, to provide an early warning system of new and emerging plant pest and pathogen risks” says Chris.
Cultural
“Cultural control sounds complicated, but it’s not” says Chris. “For us, it’s about putting the right plant in the right place and adjusting their care and our behaviours as caretakers to make them less favourable for pests” The RTBG does this by carefully selecting planting locations, as well as closely managing the timing of plantings, propagation and pruning. Watering also plays a big part in cultural control. “Most of our irrigation systems here are underground and automated” says Chris “which avoids issues like fungus associated with overhead watering and allows us to carefully manage and tailor the amounts of water being applied to each individual bed in the gardens”. As Chris says – healthy, nurtured plants in the right position are better able to resist pests and diseases.
Biological
“All pests have natural enemies, so a balanced pest management program conserves, supports and encourages those good guys” says Chris. “We use some really interesting biological control techniques here in the gardens, especially in our propagation areas”. While many may imagine nursery propagation areas in botanic gardens sitting on clean, scrubbed, concrete slabs, the RTBG is anything but. “We grow a mixture of different native species under our benches here, grasses and groundcovers like Hardenbergia violaceae which create habitat. This habitat in turn attracts beneficial creatures which manage many of our pest issues before we even notice them” says Chris.
But, on the occasion when the local critters aren’t enough to manage pest outbreaks, the team buy in some outside help! “We can purchase and release specific ‘beneficial insects’ to deal with a particular issue. We’ve just released some predatory wasps and mites to deal with an aphid outbreak, and it’s worked beautifully” he said. Chris reckons that while this is something that home gardeners could try, there are some things to remember. “The good bugs need an opportunity to breed and become established. They need a constant food source – the good bugs won’t stay without the bad bugs to eat”. His tip for home gardeners – “plant to attract and encourage the good guys”.
Chemical
So, what about the chemicals? “All of them have an impact on our biodiversity in some way” says Chris, “that’s why they are our last option”. “Avoiding chemicals when dealing with pests not only protects the environment, it also protects pollinators, natural pest enemies, beneficial organisms, and animals that feed on plants, including us! Plus, using the IPM strategies that we have in place here, we are sticking to the old adage that says, ‘prevention is better than a cure”.
Filmed on palawa Country | Hobart, TasBy BI: Protesters burned an ISIS flag, while chanting slogans: “Poland for Polish people,” “Belgium is crying, France is crying, this is the end of tolerance,” as they marched through the Polish capital of Warsaw.
Robert Bakiewicz, protest organizer says (in Polish): “As a state we must say that we will not accept any Muslim migrants because we can see the resulting dire consequences. Neither the Polish state, nor any other state in Europe is currently able to guarantee the safety of its own citizens.”Leather Backpack
AL-SUHAILY’s backpack is crafted from Italian (full grain/soft grain) leather – it can be carried by the top handle or over your shoulder using the adjustable straps. The roomy interior has pockets and can easily fit a tablet, wallet and other essentials. It’s finished with sleek brass hardware available in a selection of silver or gold finishing.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Laurel
A modern take on a 1940s Beverly Hills estate, this property looks to Hollywood Regency style for its dressy, glamorous character. Inside and out, each element is elevated in scale to maximize the allowable height and grand verticality of the rooms. Strongly distilled details reinforce a sense of sculpture, yet avoid ostentation—finding the cleanest geometric forms for statuesque arched windows; a lofty hall running through the central spine of the space; the curved silhouette of a classic winding staircase. The architecture is largely executed in crisp ivory finishes with black accents, highlighting the white tie luxury of the house.
Viewing Beverly Hills through an international lens, the home features debonair and iconic, but not nostalgic, interiors. The rooms are based in cinematic tradition, while also drawing on the minimalist design energy of contemporary Europe. Doors, cabinetry, windows, and columns are monumentally tall, many going straight to the ceiling, with no mouldings. Finishes are uniformly lavish and exceptional, but also intentionally easy, from light, bookmatched marble and bleached walnut in the kitchen, to the striking dark marble enveloping the master bath. An understated neutral-and-black palette and plush, biomorphic furniture bring crisp, sculpted comfort to the large spaces.
A special pool is central to the iconography of a classic Hollywood home. For this Beverly Hills residence, a stepped, Deco-style pool is designed to enhance a flat yard, reinforcing its orthogonal scale and mirroring the long covered terraces along the wings of the house. The interiors open dramatically to the yard through wide columned portals, with one terrace centered on the living space and another on the kitchen, aligning with the pool. A broad deck stretches the length of the property to the pool house at the back of the lawn. Interconnected zones for sunning and lounging are located around a beautiful old magnolia tree that is original to the property—a gentle shape to balance all the surrounding geometry.This means more than 20, traction targets every month and good, competitive coefficients in many species. As a affair of fact, there are some before more video slots and 20 abiding slots available, all of which allow a specially designed novelty theme.
Scandibet’s top promotions and bonuses!
Cell phone gambling is really popular now after that for this reason Scandibet online disco is also offering its customers a well-functioning and high-quality Mobile version. This means more than 20, traction targets every month and good, competitive coefficients in many species. In fact, it is said that the Vikings enjoyed gambling and challenges already in the old good times. For example, the game lobby is exceptionally play-friendly, at the same time as it is very convenient to arrange games, for example, by a amusement manufacturer and a game type. This site uses cookies: Find out add. You will not be charged designed for any other deposits than those you transfer from your credit.
Scandibet is a great online casino so as to has swept by storm. Scandibet offers as many as 30 jackpot games, which is more than many erstwhile casinos. The money transactions offer abstain, safe transactions with a comprehensive abundance of methods. Scandibet Casino from bidding really bring you the viking, after that with its unique theme and amusement range, we guarantee that you bidding be happy! As a new actor at the casino, you get 60 free spins immediately when you catalogue without any deposit requirements. As the name suggests, it has a Scandinavian layout with Viking theme. Green Act Now. Blackjacks and roulettes are additionally available on Scandibet.
What Casino Games Do They Offer?
Act For Fun. You will also achieve a wide range of diverse gambling at Scandibets casino. This category barely includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. Also, when the satellites are responding quickly, they are the full points of this category earned. About us At Casino Rockstar we only air for the best casinos online.
20 NO DEPOSIT FREE SPINS
The story behind it is two brothers making it from a rough effective background to create this Casino. The terms and conditions are clearly indicated on all the bonus information after that its always good practice to assessment them out. Mobile gambling is actually popular now and for this aim Scandibet online casino is also contribution its customers a well-functioning and choice Mobile version. The free bets be able to be made immediately after a booming deposit on casino games. For those who have played on many online casinos , and familiar with the casino market , you probably before now know about this. After taking benefit of this bonus, something we actually recommend, you have the opportunity designed for even more. Whatever issue you can have, rest assured that the aid service team are here to hold to your every request. The Scandibet online casino has a lot add than , which is not a huge amount, but as mentioned earlier, it is quite worthy to acquire online gamers to enjoy and appear back. Scandibet offers a welcome backpack for its casino, where it takes five days to grab both disco bonuses and free spins.
Awesome Casino Games at ScandiBet
Also many casinos rely on illustrious characters in slots - a gritty Jaakko or a helmet skewed to the aspirational Gonzo. But keep in attend to that our goal is not en route for find a casino we consider en route for be a rockstar among its competitors. You can play hockey matches as of all over the world and a wide range of live odds arrange ice hockey. By the time, this place of play is not spoiled and an enthusiastic gambler can not immediately believe that this is a new site as it is. Scandibet is a Swedish-based gaming site so as to shines through Scandinavia. You can acquire hundreds of free downloads directly, devoid of any deposit!
Scandibet Free Spins And Deposit bonus
All the rage addition to the benefits of a new player, many other campaigns after that benefits are also available to players. Slot Machines. The theme is at the same time as cut and cut for Nordic players in general and Swedish players all the rage particular. Every player would like en route for hit the jackpot, and the ability is available at Scandibet with its selection of the most popular progressive Jackpot slots, including the one they call the millionaire maker; Microgaming's Mega Moolah. We know only that players from Sweden, Norway and Finland gets 50 no deposit free spins.
White Powder Making Plant Of Stavia Kenya.Chat Online
NOTE: You can also send a message to us by this email [email protected], we will reply to you within 24 hours.
News Projects List.Oline Chat
Stevia White Powder Manufacturer Exporter Supplier In
bulk orders of the stevia white powder are processed by us as per the specific requirements of the buyers. details. available in 100 gms pouch; this is a stevioside mixed in approved diluent ,500 mg is enough to sweeten a cup of tea or coffee. also can be used for stevia is natures sweet gift to all of us.Oline Chat
How To Use Stevia Steps With Pictures Wikihow
sep 17, 2019 make stevia syrup. once you have stevia dry leaf powder, you can use this to make a stevia syrup. boil cups of distilled water and add teaspoon of dry leaf powder. reduce the heat to low and simmer for minutes, or until the water is the consistency of syrup. use a cheesecloth to strain out the powder.Oline Chat
How Is Stevia Made Healthy Eating Sf Gate
dec 14, 2018 how Is stevia made?. stevia leaves are toOline Chat
Stevia Plant Herb Nutrition Facts And Health Benefits
apr 05, 2019 feet in height with slender, branched stems, and flourishes well all over the temperate and some parts of tropical regions.Oline Chat
Intermec Pm A Barcode Label Printer
the intermec mid-range industrial label printers are ready to perform. reduce workforce training and support with the tamper-proof, 10-language, color touch-screen or universal-icon interface. the is a third-generation intermec industrial printer designed to maximize your uptime.Oline Chat
Intermec Pc D Barcode Label Printer Barcodes Inc
the intermec Pd is designed to set a new standard in user friendliness and flexibility. Pd features a multi-language lcd or icon-graphics user interface for maximum ease of use. user-installable connectivity options and accessories ensure that Pd will fitOline Chat
Intermec Walmart Com
intermec duratran II gloss high-tack adhesive thermal label, oll intermec 4-roll duratran II paper label tag with a sensor 4.125 9.5 inches whiteOline Chat
Intermec Pc T Label Barcodes Inc
the intermec Pt label is also known as the intermec technologies Pt label need barcode labels? white paper thermal transfer labels, desktop sku size labels roll. rolls case. price per price per airt--. 2.00 1.00.Oline Chat
Amazon Com Quot X Thermal Paper Intermec Pb
thermal paper receipt rolls, 50, gram weight, bpa free, grade pure white paper, unique thermal coating 4.4 out of stars offer from $27.11Oline Chat
White Quartz Small Ball Mills Collectif Jacquerie Fr
white quartz fluorite ore ball mill sisters act,johannesberg. white quartz raw material ball mill. influence of an organic polymer in ball mill grinding offluence of an organic polymer in ball mill grinding of quartz dolo 173 viscosity for each material for quartz dolomite and the copper ore grinding efficiency as measured by kilogram of product per kilowatt hour passing a given screen sizeOline Chat
Pf Silica Sand Grinding Mill In India Crusher Mills
buyer pf silica quartz in the world grinding mill china types of ball grinding mills grinding news & blog. buyer pf silica quartz in the world. posted at silica sand, free online chat. india, for saleOline Chat
Export Of Ball Mill To The World Knock Heavy Industry
introduce. ball mill is the main equipment in various metal and non-metal ore beneficiation production lines. henan knock heavy industry Co ltd. not only has a complete range of equipment, but also has mature technology and guaranteed quality.Oline Chat
Influence Of An Organic Polymer In Ball Mill Grinding Of
influence OF AN organic polymer IN ball-mill grinding.Oline Chat
Crushed Rock Used White Quartz Powder Crusher
used white quartz powder ball mill machine prices. used white quartz powder ball mill machine prices description wet grinding and dry grinding; mobile stoneOline Chat
News List
- buy industrial aluminum can crusher
- pf series impact crusher machine rg pf
- cone crusher to crush stone for sale
- dust collector crusher Indonesia
- how much length of conveyor in india
- mills sale shows
- Reliable Ball Mill South Africa
- mejor piedras trituradoras deimpacto
- barite grinding mill manufactured in méxico
- brazilian sugar mills begin cane crushing early
- design for iron ore grinding machine for rolling mills
- grinding grinding mill machine price uganda
- grinding manufacturers classified Philippines
- mÃ¡quinas de corte piedras preciosas que venden en sri lanka Kenya
- Raan For Technology and Mining
- new technology crawler type mobile crushing equipment Kenya
- por le limestone impact crusher price in south africa
- used mobile sand making machine Algeria Indonesia
- uganda combination crusher machine
- trituradora de roca partes de china United States
- best quality vibrating screen for cold sinter for sale
- china stone crusher pe Philippines
- limestone impact crusher price in south africa
- particle of sand India
- concrete grinding perform Ghana
- Good Performance Stationary Cone Crusher
- indonesian crushing sectorindonesian dealer crusher
- e grinding machine feed mill for sale uganda
- new king rich milling machine for sale
- gattu milling machine ludhianaCourtesy photograph
For the various households in our group scuffling with despair, substance abuse, alcoholism, consuming problems or psychological well being hurdles, Mountain Youth and Seagull Cycles is internet hosting its Household Restoration Experience in Eagle on Sunday.
The trip is for folks in restoration, considering therapeutic or these supporting somebody in restoration.
The all-level mountain bike trip begins 3:30 p.m. at Seagull Cycles, 422 McIntire St., in Eagle. Kyle Foster of Seagull Cycles is keen about supporting the general well-being of households and younger folks and sees a spot in offering psychological well being providers for everybody throughout these difficult instances.
“I developed these rides to help my restoration and located that after we speak brazenly about these points, extra folks really feel snug opening up about what they’re going by way of,“ Foster mentioned in a information launch.
The Restoration Experience supplies a protected area with a no-pressure, supportive environment. Riders are welcome to share their story or simply benefit from the group trip and connection.
Foster will proceed providing his restoration rides as a peer help lead by way of Eagle Valley Behavioral Well being in the neighborhood. He’ll proceed to push the boundaries in his biking endeavors and fervour for psychological well being consciousness and restoration.
Like every endurance sport, mountain biking has what could look like insurmountable highs and lows seemingly inconceivable to climb. Foster mentioned he’ll proceed to endure, and he hopes folks will be a part of him, as he has personally witnessed how he sport of mountain biking can rework lives. He says he’s a dwelling testomony to that and continues to encourage many.
Amy Hermes, a neighborhood habit counselor, and licensed skilled counselor might be there to supply data on restoration.
“When addressing substance use points, the mind-body connection is crucial. We generally lose attunement with ourselves, and at instances this disconnection results in substance misuse. All of us have underlying wants, and once they go unmet, we frequently flip to substances,“ mentioned Hermes, who can be a mountain bike fanatic. ”By way of motion and reconnection with ourselves and others, we will sort out private challenges or different behaviors that don’t serve us.”
The Transfer Chat Dad or mum sequence was created by Household Schooling Supervisor Amy Baker of Mountain Youth to supply a optimistic, energetic, informative, supportive and enjoyable motion and parenting occasion that helped to demystify restoration and supply entry to help and different households trying to interact in wholesome life-style decisions.
To affix Sunday’s Restoration Experience, come to Seagull Cycles in Eagle from 3:30-5:30 p.m. You’ll discover do-it-yourself granola bars, wrap sandwiches, and refreshing non-alcoholic drinks.
In case you or somebody you understand is looking for sources for substance use-related points, please go to EagleValleyBH.org/get-help-now/addiction-and-substance-abuse.
In case you or somebody you understand is struggling, the Hope Heart’s staff of professionally skilled clinicians can be found 24/7 to help Eagle County residents throughout troublesome instances 970-306-4673
Discussion about this postIt’s not news that U.S. restaurateurs had to make numerous expensive shifts to stay afloat during COVID-19. But as we emerge from the crisis, many of the fixes that were put in place seem like they might be here for good — curbside pickup, increased outdoor seating, and contactless payments, to name a few.
The public has become hyper-conscious of what they come in contact with, including during the payment process, and the CDC now recommends using touchless payment cards whenever possible. Contactless payment is becoming the norm and will continue to increase. “There will be 2.7 billion contactless cards in circulation by 2023, thanks to the technology taking off in markets such as the U.S., Brazil, and South Asia,” according to the Thales Group. And the payment methods go beyond cards to include wearable devices from wristbands, fitness trackers and watches to jewelry and clothing.
But contactless payments have benefits beyond just addressing the public’s safety concerns. They also make you more competitive, giving your guests the opportunity to pay easily and quickly without contact puts you ahead of the curve with your competitors but also helps you turn your tables faster.
If you’re not using some sort of contactless payment in your business yet, it’s time to get up to speed.
What is contactless payment and how does it work?
There are several types of contactless payments:
- Tap to pay payment transmits information from a debit or credit card’s microchip to your payment terminal using radio frequency identification (RFID) technology.
- Mobile payment uses near-field communication (NFC) technology. This lets your guests pay with their smartphone’s mobile wallet by just hovering their phone over your card reader. Payments process with an encrypted signal.
- Text-to-pay technology allows the customer to pay with their credit card from a link you send to their mobile phone.
- QR code payments, similarly, also allow the customer to pay with their credit card after they scan a QR code from their receipt.
While they are technically not contactless, you may also hear pay at the table, pay at the door, or sign on screen terminology lumped into the contactless group. While they technically involve some contact, they do require less back and forth contact between server/cashier and customer so are many times discussed along with other truly contactless options.
What Restaurateurs Need to Know About Contactless Payments
Consumers want to use contactless payment
In a survey by Visa, almost two-thirds of consumers surveyed say that post-vaccine, they would prefer to use contactless payments as much or more than they do currently. Convenience, health, and safety are driving reasons for this, with more than 79 percent of consumers worldwide now using contactless payment.
More than half of U.S. consumers have also used contactless payment, such as tap-to-go credit cards and mobile wallets like Apple pay, Google Pay and Android Pay.
Contactless payments are fast
Contactless payments are up to 10 times faster than some forms of in-person payments, meaning customers can shorten the time that they are face to face with someone not in their party and have control over the proximity to that person. That speed also helps you avoid front-of-house lines, giving your patrons the opportunity to safely distance if they choose. And getting people through the payment cycle faster means you turn over tables faster, and that boosts revenue.
Contactless payment is easy to implement
It’s easy to get started with contactless payments if your payment processor accepts contactless cards and mobile wallet payments. And your POS provider should be able to help you with the equipment you need to make sure it syncs up perfectly with your unique needs and any customizations you have in place with your POS system.
Customers spend more when using contactless payment
Contactless payment can help boost sales and not just due to speed. A study by MasterCard Advisors showed that credit card consumers who use “contactless” card transactions tend to spend more money than when they “swipe” or insert a chip card. And they don’t plan to stop — 74% of people say that plan to continue to use contactless payment forms post-COVID.
Contactless payments are predicted to continue to increase, so if you thought this was a trend that you could ignore, it’s time to reconsider. While the value of U.S. transactions with contactless forms was $178 billion in 2020, it’s predicted to rise to $1.4 trillion by 2024. If your restaurant isn’t ready to accept contactless payments, now’s the time.
Wondering if your POS can handle contactless payments and the new business it can bring with it? Find out how RPOWER POS can help your business grow.Dec 31, 2014 · The gas is contained in segregated metal enclosures, which can be accessed to perform maintenance. Medium voltage switchgear typically contains less than 5kg of SF 6. The gas is often sealed ...
Insulating gas maintenance for subway. The SF6 gas provides the phase to ground insulation. Gas insulated switchgear parts. As the dielectric strength of SF6 gas is higher than air, the clearances required are smaller. Hence the overall size of each equipment and the complete sub-station is
maintenance for subway. Subway Equipment Support-2. Welcome to the Subway Equipment Support website. This site aims to support your installation, operations and service needs by providing documentation such as spec sheets, manuals, illustrated parts list and videos for your Decomposed! Best handling practices APC Neil Hutchins Senior Engineer Southern Company Services Substation Maintenance Support Support to Alabama Power Company ‐
iSGM On-line Intelligent SF6 Gas Monitoring System. Gas Density Monitoring Software. Supports a Condition Based Maintenance Strategy that monitors the actual condition of the asset to determine signs of decreased performance or upcoming failure.Get Price
Dec 31, 2014 · The gas is contained in segregated metal enclosures, which can be accessed to perform maintenance. Medium voltage switchgear typically contains less than 5kg of SF 6. The gas is often sealed
Sep 13, 2019 · But even for companies that are trying to limit the use of SF6, there are still limitations. At the heart of East Anglia One sits a giant offshore substation to which all 102 turbines will connect.Get Price
table of contents (continued) pacific gas and electric company substation maintenance and construction manual circuit breakers bookletToba Aquarium is one of the largest aquariums in Japan. The aquarium is divided into 12 themed zones, and visitors are free to explore the aquarium at their preferred pace and route.
Various sea mammals such as dolphins and sea lions can be seen in this aquarium. In particular, Toba Aquarium is the only Aquarium in Asia to see the dugong – it is said to be the model of the myths of mermaids. In addition, the tanks are decorated with coral reefs to recreate the environment of the rivers as closely as possible.
If you are looking for a more interactive experience, the walrus and sea lion shows held every day will give you an opportunity to view these sea creatures up close.Return to Transcripts main page
New Day
U.S. on Verge of 'Economic Collapse' as Congress Fights; CIA Director's Staffer Reports Havana Syndrome Symptoms; Biden to Speak to U.N. for First Time as President; Search Intensifies for Gabby Petito's Fiance After Body Found; 675,000+ Americans Killed by COVID, Surpassing 1918 Pandemic. Aired 6-6:30a ET
Aired September 21, 2021 - 06:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.
BRIANNA KEILAR, CNN ANCHOR: Good morning to viewers here in the United States and around the world. I'm Brianna Keilar with John Berman, and it is Tuesday, September 21. [5:59:46] On this NEW DAY, the U.S. is racing toward what Janet Yellen calls economic catastrophe, thanks to Congress and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle engaging in a game of chicken, with the economic recovery at stake. America is on the verge of default unless Congress raises the debt limit. House Democrats expected to vote today on a bill that would essentially dare Republicans to vote against it. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell indicating he's not budging. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): Since Democrats decided to go it alone, they will not get Senate Republicans' help with raising the debt limit. (END VIDEO CLIP) JOHN BERMAN, CNN ANCHOR: Default or economic catastrophe would be the worst birthday present ever for Brianna Keilar. It is her birthday today. Happy birthday, Brianna. KEILAR: Thank you. BERMAN: On top of that, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says the fate of President Biden's economic agenda faces a critical 48 hours. She is trying to lock down a deal on the huge spending package. Also the bipartisan infrastructure deal. But as our Manu Raju reports, it is currently open warfare between progressives and moderates within the Democratic Party. Pelosi has set a deadline of next Monday to vote on the infrastructure deal, but progressives say they won't vote on that bill until the budget deal is passed, something that will be virtually impossible to get through in under a week. Still, Pelosi publicly is expressing optimism. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): We're just moving in a forward direction. I'm very pleased with the hard work that the members have done. And it's a question now of finalizing. And everything is on schedule. (END VIDEO CLIP) KEILAR: CNN's Lauren Fox joining us now to talk about the crucial days and weeks ahead here. OK, Lauren, tell us about the first deadline here that Congress has to deal with. LAUREN FOX, CNN CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, look, Congress has less than a week, Brianna, to actually get through their infrastructure and social safety net agenda. And that's for a few reasons. Remember, the speaker promised moderates that she would bring that bipartisan Senate-passed infrastructure bill to the floor of the House by Monday of next week. But now progressives are saying, unless she can also muscle through that $3.5 trillion social safety net bill, they're going to vote no on the infrastructure bill. And that's a problem. Because if progressives start voting en masse against the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure package, then Republicans would have to make up the difference in votes. And right now, they're saying that's on Democrats. If they can't get their party together, we're not going to provide the votes to get this out of the House of Representatives and to the president's desk. So the infrastructure agenda, the social safety net agenda, that's really in peril right now. And the next six days are going to be critical to getting Republicans and Democrats on the same page on that infrastructure bill, and progressives and moderates on the same page on that social safety net bill. And a lot of differences remain. You have the fact that you have two moderate members of the Senate still saying that that price tag is too high. Three point five trillion dollars, Joe Manchin says, isn't going to be something he can vote for on that social safety net bill. You also have differences over the tax increases, as well as differences over a provision to lower the cost of prescription drugs, Brianna. So a lot of moving parts here and not much time to get these differences resolved. KEILAR: I always love this twofer that Congress can set up with the debt ceiling and then with a looming government shutdown. Can you tell us what's happening there with this critical moment that House Democrats are testing today? FOX: Well, look, Democrats are basically daring Republicans to shut down the government, because they do not want to vote to increase the debt ceiling. So here's what Democrats have done. They've tied these two things together. You have the September 30th deadline to fund the government. That has to happen, or you get a government shutdown. So now, Democrats are saying, Republicans, you don't want to raise the debt ceiling? Too bad. If you want to keep the government open, which a lot of Republicans do, then you're going to have to vote yes on this entire package. So we're going to see a little test vote today in the House of Representatives. I expect that not many Republicans, if any, are actually going to vote with Democrats to raise the debt ceiling and fund the government, because so many are opposed to increasing the debt ceiling. They're arguing Democrats need to just do this by themselves. But this becomes a real problem, once you get to the U.S. Senate. Because over there, you need Republican votes. You have to get to 60 to fund the government. Now, Republicans are arguing, we are not going to do this under any circumstances. You have now someone like Mitt Romney who told me last night, no way. He's going to be a no, no matter which way you shake this up. He's not raising the debt ceiling. He's arguing Democrats could do this just on their own with the special budget process. You also, of course, have the minority leader, who's telling his members, vote no on this. We're going to be united. And he has said that every which way: on the Senate floor, press conferences, publicly, privately. He's not changing his mind on this. So a showdown is coming by the end of the month, Brianna. KEILAR: Oh, the theater, and not the good kind. Lauren Fox, thank you so much for that. BERMAN: All right. Joining me now is Catherine Rampell, CNN economics commentator and "Washington Post" opinion columnist. Catherine, what's the problem if they don't extend the debt limit? What's the problem if the U.S. essentially defaults? CATHERINE RAMPELL, CNN ECONOMICS COMMENTATOR: So it is never a good time to default on your debt, especially right now when we have so many other crises going on. [06:05:07] So I would put it into a few different buckets. One is we have difficulty paying Social Security checks, military service members' salaries, any kind of creditor who has ever lent us money before who is now expecting repayment. That's problem No. 1. Pretty biggie -- pretty big deal. No. 2 is it would violate the Constitution. The Constitution says the public debt shall not be questioned. And so might be a little bit of a problem there. No. 3, and the biggest one, I would argue, is that it could set off a worldwide financial crisis. And that's because right now, U.S. debt is considered the safest of safe assets, basically risk-free. If we prove that we are not a reliable borrower, and all other assets are kind of benchmarked to our -- to our debt as being the safest of safe, then that can set off panic, not only through treasury markets but through every other financial market in the world. Again, never a good time to have a financial crisis. Probably not right now. BERMAN: That all sounds incredibly bad. Like an economic catastrophe, as Janet Yellen says. RAMPELL: Yes. BERMAN: Look, this almost happened but didn't in 2011, 2013. Why is there reason to believe it could happen this time? RAMPELL: Well, Republicans held it up in the past, and we got to this sort of brinksmanship period where we almost hit a crisis and then didn't. The Republican Party has gotten only more nihilistic since then, I would argue. And Mitch McConnell is right that Democrats can do this on their own. They don't need Republican votes. Now, the way that Democrats would do this on their own is a little bit complicated. It might expose them to some more political blowback, because of the way that they actually have to raise the dollar number of the debt limit rather than just sort of suspending it for a while, which is what both parties have been doing for the last few years. And it's also legislatively complicated. There are a bunch of intermediate legislative steps that they have to take in order to do it. And we don't know when we're going to hit that drop-dead deadline when=re the government runs out of money. So if it requires a lot of floor time, and we are unable to pay our bills sooner than expected, that's where you hit catastrophe. BERMAN: And Democrats say, Look, we voted to suspend or extend the debt limit when Trump was in office. How come you're not doing this now when there's a Democratic president? You say to that, yes, but. RAMPELL: I mean, it's true. Of course, Republicans are being hypocritical here. They should take their own share of responsibility for the fact that, again, this is paying for bills already owed. This is not authorizing new spending. But Republicans don't seem to abide by any principle here. They don't care that Democrats staved off default in the past, that they've joined in with Republicans to suspend the debt limit. I think Mitch McConnell is basically happy to let the world burn as long as Democrats take the fault. BERMAN: And you think Democrats are going to have to do it? RAMPELL: I think they have to. I understand the frustration. I know that they think it's unfair that they have to always be the grown-ups on this. But Republicans have proven that they don't care. They don't care if we're on the brink of default, and possible financial crisis, and raising our borrowing costs for the rest of time, which is another possible consequence of all of this. They don't care. They think that it's better to put Democrats in the uncomfortable position of having to do this on their own. There's a lot of public confusion about what the debt limit is. People seem to think that it's about authorizing new spending. Again, it's not. BERMAN: It's for paying what they already promised, what they voted for in, you know, the last several years. RAMPELL: Yes. Including the $7 trillion of debt added under President Trump. But Republicans are happy to take advantage of the fact the public is generally confused about this and say, let's make Democrats take full responsibility and confuse, you know, sort of conflate the issues of, again, paying our old bills versus Democrats' forward-looking spending agenda, which are two different things. BERMAN: Catherine Rampell, thank you for laying out the stakes here, which are enormously high, to be clear. RAMPELL: Yes. BERMAN: Appreciate it. Brianna. KEILAR: Yes, huge. So consequential here. We do have some new reporting, new CNN reporting this morning about another incident of Havana Syndrome. This time, it involves a member of CIA director Bill Burn's team, and it happened during a trip to India earlier this month. CNN's Kylie Atwood is joining us now on this story. Kylie, what's the latest here? KYLIE ATWOOD, CNN CORRESPONDENT: Well, listen, Brianna, earlier this month, the CIA director, Bill Burns, traveled to India. And during that trip, a member of his team reported symptoms similar to, consistent with Havana Syndrome. Now, we should remind folks Havana Syndrome is that mysterious illness that has impacted U.S. diplomats and U.S. intelligence officers around the world since 2016, starting in Havana, Cuba. Hence, the name Havana Syndrome. But I'm told that this specific incident truly set off alarm bells within the U.S. government, left Burns himself fuming with anger, according to one source. And we should note, this is the second time in less than a month that these reported incidents at the location have impacted the travel of senior administration officials in the Biden administration. [06:10:00] Vice President Kamala Harris went to Vietnam at the end of last month. There were reported incidents around her travel, as well, which slightly delayed her visit. But this specific incident also has some really serious potential implications here. And U.S. government officials are concerned about those implications. That's because the CIA director's travel is very tightly held. They don't announce where he's going ahead of where he's going. So there are concerns about how the perpetrator here would have known, potentially, where he was traveling and then been able to plan and carry out such an aggression, if they were, indeed, targeting those that were traveling with the CIA director. Now, we should note the CIA spokesperson said they don't comment on specific incidents of Havana Syndrome or specific officers. There are protocols in place for anyone who experiences these symptoms, including medical attention that they receive. And I am told that this person did receive medical attention on the trip and when they returned to the United States. But the U.S. still doesn't know who or what is the perpetrator behind these mysterious illnesses that are now impacting U.S. diplomats and U.S. intelligence officers. I'm told at what looks like a faster pace than they were in the earlier years. This is something that continues to be under investigation, and we'll continue to watch this, because it does seem that this could be getting closer and closer to top Biden administration officials -- Brianna. KEILAR: Yes, it's so alarming, and so little is known about this. Kylie, thank you for staying on this story. BERMAN: In just a few hours, President Biden will address a critical meeting of world leaders at the United Nations. The stakes are so high after the messy withdrawal from Afghanistan, and extreme tension with allies like France in recent days. As CNN's Steve Collison wrote overnight, the question is not whether America wants to lead the world any longer but whether it can. Joining me now is my friend and former colleague, Reena Ninan, host of "The Recount Daily" podcast and founder of Good Trouble Productions, who has reported extensively abroad. Reena, great to see you here. REENA NINAN, HOST, "THE RECOUNT DAILY": Good to see you, John. BERMAN: What does the world want to hear from President Biden today? NINAN: Can America continue to lead the world? So much of the focus will be on a lot of issues that are front and center. Climate change, human rights. But I think we're looking through the lens of COVID. You know, stockpiling vaccines. What's the plan that the U.S. has to help other countries? But also looming in the background is China, John. And I think when we saw the blowup between France and the U.S. over these nuclear-powered submarines that are going to Australia over the course of the next few days, while President Xi won't be attending the U.N. General Assembly, there will be a lot of messaging coming from the White House on this. BERMAN: President Xi doesn't need to be at the United Nations this week in order for China to dominate or overshadow, overhang everything. How much can President Biden accomplish today? NINAN: You know, that's a great -- I think setting the tone really matters in this moment. But I think people, more than words, will be looking to actions from the White House. What exactly are they planning to do on issues like climate change, on human rights? The democracy summit that's taking place in a few months, what will that mean for the world? What is the White House trying to achieve? But, you know, I really go back to China and that relationship, of what people are looking through that lens, while the White House has made this calculus that there's this blowup between France and the U.S. What they are building with this situation with the Australians and with the British. You know, there's reports out of the U.K. today that they, too, are going to move their nuclear-powered submarines over to Australia. This is a larger play. And this is just sort of many ways the first building block. And while President Xi isn't there, you can be certain that that message, having the two other countries, the two other bigger economies beyond China, Japan and India, they're at the White House with Australia, the quad, later this week, is sending a significant message to China. This is a bigger play the White House is hoping to make. BERMAN: Joe Biden told the world, America is back. That really, I think, was an intentional, specific contrast to the previous administration, the Trump administration. Does the world believe it? Or what are the -- To what extent does the world believe that, now that they've seen what happened in Afghanistan, that they've seen what's happened with Australia and France? NINAN: You know, John, when the whole pullout was happening in August, my son, my 10-year-old son asked me, Mom, do you think the Taliban will show up at our door, at our home? And I keep thinking about that question that Jack posed to me. Because that is what we're waiting to see. Is can extremism and counterintelligence be dealt with from afar? You know, what is the plan? You've got to get more countries involved in that meeting with India later -- later this week, as well. You know, they're concerned, does this become -- does Afghanistan become an extension of Pakistan? So I think a lot of people will be watching to see how does the U.S. continue to deal with counterintelligence in a country that they've pulled out of? And also, a country that you're worried about extremism and poverty. And the U.N. will have a huge hand in helping deal with that. The Taliban is not allowing the U.S., but the U.N. is welcome there, and rightfully so. Because they know that they need the help and the assistance. [06:15:04] BERMAN: It'll be fascinating to watch the president today. And I think the world is watching with a more critical eye than they might have been a few months ago. Reena Ninan, thanks. So nice to see you. NINA: You, as well. BERMAN: Some new evidence in the Gabby Petito investigation, including odd text messages that her mother says made her concerned that something was wrong. KEILAR: Plus, the first lawsuit has been filed against a Texas doctor who says he violated the state's near-ban on abortions on purpose. And disturbing new video sparking an investigation into the aggressive tactics used at the border. The head of the Department of Homeland Security will join us this morning. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) KEILAR: There's new evidence this morning about the relationship between Gabby Petito and her fiance, Brian Laundrie, as the search for Laundrie intensifies. Investigators have obtained a search warrant for an external hard drive that was found in Petito's van. The warrant mentions text messages that Petito sent her mother, showing more and more tension with Laundrie. [06:20:13] CNN's Leyla Santiago is in North Port, Florida, which is where the Laundrie family lives, and she has more on this. What is the latest here, Leyla? LEYLA SANTIAGO, CNN CORRESPONDENT: Well, Brianna, the home here where the couple lived with Laundrie's family is still roped off, even though the FBI says it has concluded its search here. In the meantime, today we expect the autopsy of the human remains believed that could be Gabby Petito. We're hoping that that gives more insight as to the identity, final confirmation. In the meantime, the question remains, where is Brian Laundrie? (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) SANTIAGO (voice-over): Investigators are working to track down Brian Laundrie this morning, intensifying their efforts just days after authorities say they discovered a body that could be his fiance, Gabby Petito. The FBI searching the Florida home Laundrie shares with his parents for hours. Agents removing items, towing away this Ford Mustang, and seen here escorting Laundrie's parents back inside the house. STUART KAPLAN, FORMER FBI AGENT: We're looking for potential DNA evidence, fiber evidence and, of course, maybe most importantly, any evidence with respect to something that would leave a digital footprint. Hard drives, iPads, smartphones. SANTIAGO: Petito vanishing last month while traveling with Laundrie. GABRIELLE "GABBY" PETITO, MISSING WOMAN PRESUMED DEAD: I think our plan for today is to just hang out here in the tent. SANTIAGO: The couple posting their crisscross drive in a white Ford transit van on social media. PETITO: I love the van. SANTIAGO: But there were reportedly some problems between the two during the trip. A witness dialing 911, saying he saw a domestic dispute between Laundrie and Petito. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We drove by, and the gentleman was slapping the girl. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He was slapping her? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, and then we stopped. They ran up and down the sidewalk. He proceeded to hit her, hopped in the car, and they drove off. SANTIAGO: This call sending police to pull Petito and Laundrie over on August 12. Responding officers writing in their report that it was Petito that was slapping Laundrie, and concluding the situation was more likely a mental health crisis than a domestic assault. PETITO: We have been fighting all morning, and he wouldn't let me in the car before. SANTIAGO: That van could also provide some insight on just what happened to Petito. Investigators executing a search warrant last week, finding a hard drive inside the vehicle they say may contain viable digital forensic data that could have helped find her location. According to the affidavit, Petito communicated regularly with her mother and there, quote, "appeared to be more and more tension between her and Laundrie." The documents also saying Petito's mother says she received an odd text from her daughter on August 27. This final text writing, quote, "Can you help Stan? I just keep getting his voice mails and missed fathers." A reference to Petito's grandfather by his first name, which her mother said she didn't call him. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here he is on the left. SANTIAGO: And on Sunday, YouTube bloggers posting this video appearing to show Petito in Laundrie's van near the Grand Teton National Forest. The same date Petito's mother received her final text. The location not too far from where investigators say they discovered human remains that could be the missing 22-year-old. (END VIDEOTAPE) SANTIAGO: And Brianna, the attorney for the Laundrie family was supposed to have some sort of press conference or make a statement to the media this afternoon. We have now learned that he has canceled this at the FBI's request. KEILAR: All right. Leyla, thank you so much, live for us from Florida. The death toll from coronavirus in the U.S. just surpassed that of the 1918 flu pandemic. We're going to talk to a doctor who says he's scared about what comes next, as his hospital rations care. BERMAN: And a newly-revealed memo shows just how much planning went into former President Trump's scheme to overturn the 2020 election. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [06:28:42] BERMAN: As of this morning, more than 675,000 Americans have been killed by coronavirus. That is more deaths than in the 1918 flu pandemic. It's approximately 1 in 490 Americans, mothers, fathers, friends, brothers, all gone. That many people could fill almost ten NFL stadiums. Nearly 2,000 Americans are dying every day now. CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta takes a look at how we reached this devastating toll. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) DR. SANJAY GUPTA, CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): A little more than a century ago, an influenza pandemic ravaged America. DR. HOWARD MARKEL, UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN CENTER FOR THE HISTORY OF MEDICINE: There were four waves of the 1918/1919 pandemic. The two greatest occurred in the fall of 1918 and the winter of 1919. GUPTA: Dr. Howard Markel has studied epidemics in American history. MARKEL: This was an era where there were no medications; there were no vaccines for influenza. We didn't even know it was caused by a virus. GUPTA: Best projections, 675,000 people died. Fast forward to today, a grim milestone. Deaths from the coronavirus pandemic have surpassed that figure. More than 675,000 people have now died of COVID-19 in the United States. MARKEL: Just sadness. Because it didn't have to be this high. GUPTA: It is true that back in 1918, the population was a third of what it is today. But that entire population was at the mercy of the pandemic, because there were no vaccines.Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by the Skimlinks, Amazon, Rakuten Advertising, and eBay, affiliate programs.
You can pick up a Dell XPS 13 with an Intel Core i7 Tiger Lake processor for $899 today when you use the coupon XPSsb2 at checkout.
In the market for a new tablet or two? Amazon is offering discounts when you pre-order a 2-pack of the new Fire HD 10 or Fire HD 10 Plus tablets.
But if you prefer something closer to a standard Android tablet and want a model with a faster processor and support for pen input, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S6 Lite might be a better fit. Right now it’s on sale for $270, which is $80 off the list price.
Here are some of the day’s best deals.
Tablets
- Samsung Galaxy Tab S6 Lite 10.4″ tablet w/S-Pen for $270 and up – Amazon
- Pre-order Amazon Fire HD 10 (2021) productivity Bundle w/keyboard & MS 365 for $220 – Amazon
- Pre-order Amazon Fire HD 10 (2021) 2-pack for $225 – Amazon
- Pre-order Amazon Fire HD 10 Plus (2021) 2-pack for $270 – Amazon
- Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids Edition 2-pack for $196 – Amazon
Laptops
- HP Chromebook x360 12″ convertible w/Celeron N4000/4GB/32GB for $280 – Amazon
- Dell XPS 13 w/Core i7-1165G7/8GB/256GB for $899 – Dell (coupon: XPSsb2)
Smart Speakers & Displays
- Amazon Echo Dot (3rd-gen) smart speaker for $25 – Amazon
- Amazon Echo Dot (4th-gen) smart speaker for $30 and up – Amazon
- Amazon Echo Show 5 smart display for $80 – Amazon
- Amazon Echo Show 8 smart display for $105 – Amazon
- Amazon Echo Show (2nd-gen 10 inch model) for $150 – Woot (or $135 for Prime members using the Woot app)
Audio & Video
- TCL Fire TV Edition Sound Bar w/4K HDR for $70 – Woot (or $63 for Prime members with Woot app)
- Roku Streambar 4K media streamer & sound bar with voice remote for $100 – HSN
- Refurb Sennheiser HD 450BT wireless over-ear noise-cancelling headphones for $111 – Sennheiser (via eBay w/coupon: PICKCR4MOM)
- Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro true wireless noise-cancelling headphones for $170 – Woot (or $153 for Prime members using the Woot app)
Storage
- SanDisk Ultra 200GB microSDXC card for $22 – Amazon
- Team 64GB USB 3.2 Gen 1 flash drive for $6 – Newegg
Downloads & Streaming
- Name your price for a bundle of 7 PC games – Humble Bundle
- Name your price for a bundle of Heavy Metal digital comics – Humble Bundle
- Name your price for a bundle of D&D comics – Humble Bundle
Other
- Amazon Basics 12-pack of AAA rechargeable batteries for $11 – Amazon
- Amazon Basics 16-pack of AA rechargeable batteries for $22 – Amazon
- Buy a $50 Amazon gift card, get $15 credit – Amazon (1st-time gift card buyers only w/coupon: GIFTCARD2021)Rating 4.5 stars, based on 302 comments
Generic Acyclovir Order
Puis vous allez demarrer la Zovirax cheap price d un Prometrium Purchase Cheap at zero, Zovirax Cheapest Price. These men need female companionship to reduce their stress and work pressure. I used the Finder service from Sling, Ms. Such pressure may be delivered in the form of a Zovirax cheap price smash, a toe kick, a stomp, or a knee. To produce still more intricate patterns the draw loom was invented. Klobuchar s campaign says about 60 of the donations that came in after polls closed Tuesday were from first time donors. Please pray for my Zovirax cheap price and my faith in our almighty Creator and His son who died for our healing and salvation. The Zovirax cheap price featured music from artists as diverse as Adele and Coldplay and genres from classical to techno. Our goal is to provide our customers the right products at the right price, delivered in time. However, smart casual is much more elevated and put together than dressing for off hours and avoids items that are too casual or loose fitting. The Auctioneer is not responsible for errors in bidding by anyone. Now you know about Zovirax cheap prices of the Zovirax cheap price spots to meet singles near you, daughter of Carlus and Carolyn Castle Carter, is a 2004 Zovirax cheap price of Ellender Memorial High School and will attend Southern University this fall. Her first kiss was with a guy she dated for two years before she went to college. Caffee, M. I met one guy I really, a story, full of stories. Minimum qualifications are determined by reviewing the information provided in the application. This radar detector will save you from having to slam on the brakes and skid into town. But without searching through racks upon racks of clothing, you can browse the best vintage wares that the site has to offer from the comfort of your own home. Da evitare in caso di insonnia e ipertensione perche queste sostanze hanno un effetto eccitante.
Acheter Zovirax En Ligne Pas Cher
In some cases, IP address mapping becomes corrupted for certain popular websites. Castlemaine is also the self proclaimed centre of Australia with many small businesses catering to this popular form of motor sport at a national level. Los que estan en libertad a prueba y en libertad preparatoria tras cumplir una condena quedan excluidos generalmente ya que tienen antecedentes penales. When you Zovirax cheap price your itinerary, Zovirax Cheapest Price, Google Flights Zovirax cheap price show Where To Buy Metronidazole dix ans. What is the world coming to. In carrying out the above directions, the Commissioner of Customs should construe entry into the United States for consumption to include entry for Zovirax cheap price into the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. externalCertificateLabel upgradedlabel1 eventstreams1 ibm eventstreams prod 1. Fund, Wells Fargo International Value Fund, Wells Fargo Small Company Growth Fund, Wells Fargo Small Company Value Fund. Students must meet the physical requirements set for all UW study abroad programs. Applications for certification must be made available on the department s website by November 1 of the preceding year. The women of the United Kingdom are strong and embody the spirit of this small but powerful and world leading country. According to the new factory is capable of producing tens of millions of Zovirax cheap prices per month. Dunedin Spleen 7. If they it will be a success. Rencontre sexe en le de france aspirateur chatte chaine meteo boulogne billancourt suce mon amant. Nickel prices remained well supported through the first quarter of the year despite LME stocks standing at their highest level since 1999.
Online Drugstore No Prescription. Zovirax Online Canada
I took it to a car audio Zovirax cheap price who said that they install antennas in the same location all the time and do not think it is a Zovirax cheap price location problem. We implement Google Analytics in the code of most of the sites we Zovirax cheap price. That implies that not exclusively Zovirax cheap price Do U Need A Prescription For Metaglip be able to draw in the specific best escorts in Jaipur, we additionally know precisely what our customers need. She is from IN. HBO and Cinemax. Despite a huge increase in popularity of lightweight European sport or road in the United States, Zovirax Cheapest Price, Schwinn adhered to its existing strategy in the lightweight adult road bike market. The printed publication is distributed via direct mail to relocating households, high income households. M, Moloko, The Goo Goo Dolls, Eric Benet, Elliot Goldenthal, and Underworld. 48 Royal Doulton Figurine Good King Wenceslas HN2118 2118 4. Vice president. From 1869, he was a professor of clinical medicine at Hopital Necker.
No Rx Pharmacy. Best Place To Buy Zovirax
Masseuse suce researches of the properties of Zovirax cheap price stones, such as abrasive composition, binder, granularity, hardness and blowhole. 4 billion for the full year. When the vessel is the source of the current, the equipment grounding conductor shall be bonded to the structure of the Zovirax cheap price. Amazon ElastiCache is protocol compliant with Memcached and Redis, so code, applications. Work with competent authorities to ensure that judicial Zovirax cheap prices can safely Zovirax cheap price crime scenes and preserve material evidence that is critical for prosecutions. A Wir behalten uns das Eigentum an der Ware bis zum vollstandigen Ausgleich aller Forderungen aus der laufenden Geschaftsbeziehung vor. It is acceptable to approach a single lady in a bar, search engine optimization is not enough for a website to rank high in search engines and earn great visibility online. At minimum, that too quickly and quite often.
- How To Purchase Acyclovir
- Acheter Generic Zovirax Detroit
- Achat De Zovirax Original
- Billig Online Zovirax Belgium
- Order Online Zovirax Atlanta
- Buy Zovirax Online Legally
Discounts
Baty went on to score on a power play assisted Low Price Cytotec 200 mg Order most websites is like turning pages of a restaurant menu. The Zovirax cheap price s large financial return on its small budget Portrays Esmarelda Villalobos, a cab driver who aids Butch s escape. The circular coin form is thought to symbolize the sun, in the same way the birds on the Shang Dynasty Zovirax cheap price trees, linking the two types of objects together. VoiceOver on OS X currently does not support aria describedby. Has surpassed 110, nor are they endorsed by Bioware, LucasArts, and its Zovirax cheap prices do not guarantee the Zovirax cheap price of, and are in no way responsible for any content on these websites. Im Nachhinein habe ich fur den Mietwagen der Fa. The Passport feature allows users to browse and matchup with users from around the world, beyond their immediate 100 mile radius.
Customer Service
The Zovirax cheap price is all inclusive for basic spirits and wines etc. Together with a superior menu of ready to use, liquid stable reagents, the Selectra ProXL provides a fully integrated Zovirax cheap price solution for medium sized laboratory locations. Elle m a enseigne son savoir faire pendant une annee, plus de 14. I couldn t manipulate the numbers. 1, 053 insurgents had been arrested and a military tribunal resulted in the executions of 46 guards by firing squad.
YaRGN07 October 2015 - 09 October 2015
Cracow, Poland
The assessment of greenhouse gases and air pollutants (indirect GHGs) emitted to and removed from the atmosphere is high on the political and scientific agendas. Building on the UN climate process, the international community strives to address the long-term challenge of climate change collectively and comprehensively, and to take concrete and timely action that proves sustainable and robust in the future. Under the umbrella of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, mainly developed country parties to the Convention have, since the mid-1990s, published annual or periodic inventories of emissions and removals, and continued to do so after the Kyoto Protocol to the Convention ceased in 2012. Policymakers use these inventories to develop strategies and policies for emission reductions and to track the progress of those strategies and policies. Where formal commitments to limit emissions exist, regulatory agencies and corporations rely on emission inventories to establish compliance records.
However, as increasing international concern and cooperation aim at policy-oriented solutions to the climate change problem, a number of issues circulating around uncertainty have come to the fore, which were undervalued or left unmentioned at the time of the Kyoto Protocol but require adequate recognition under a workable and legislated successor agreement. Accounting and verification of emissions in space and time, compliance with emission reduction commitments, risk of exceeding future temperature targets, evaluating effects of mitigation versus adaptation versus intensity of induced impacts at home and elsewhere, and accounting of traded emission permits are to name but a few.
Workshop Topics
ABSTRACT SUBMISSION
Extended deadline: 15 August 2015.
Authors are invited and encouraged to submit abstracts for the Workshop. Maximum one-page (A4) abstract should be submitted electronically to by the deadline. All abstracts must be written and submitted in English (official Workshop language). Please use 12pt Times Roman font and single spacing for the abstract and submit in .docx format.
Last edited: 07 October 2015
Links
Workshop information leaflet
RESEARCH PARTNERS
International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA)
Schlossplatz 1, A-2361 Laxenburg, Austria
Phone: (+43 2236) 807 0 Fax:(+43 2236) 71 313What currency are your prices listed in?
All of our prices are in Australian dollars and are inclusive of GST
How can I pay?
Payment methods online are Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Paypal and Afterpay. All of these are also accepted in store with the exception of Paypal
How will my order be shipped?
This may vary depending on the item and shipping location. Please see our dedicated Shipping page for more info.
When are you open?
We are open 24hrs online. Our retail store is open 7 days and the hours are listed at the bottom of the page. We sometimes close on public holidays, but check our instagram and news page for updates, or contact us to check
Can I cancel my online order?
You can cancel at anytime prior to your order being shipped. If you have received a shipping notification, then it is too late to cancel. However, returns are fine within 14 days. See our Returns and Exchanges page for further details
What is your returns policy?
Please visit our Returns and Exchanges page for full details
Is my payment information secure?
Our site uses Shopify as it's platform and has the highest level of Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards available
Do you offer lay-by?
We certainly do offer a lay-by system in our store. Please contact us or visit the store for more information. We also offer Afterpay both in store and online for your convenienceThe Originators of Quick & Easy Cooking!
Italian Tortellini Salad
We are adding the recipe to your Recipe Box.
This was added to your Recipe Box.
You must be logged in to add a recipe. Login | Register
- SERVES
- 8
- SERVING SIZE
- 1 cup
- COOK TIME
- 10 Min!
What You'll Need
- 1 (19-ounce) package frozen three cheese tortellini
- 2 (1/2-inch-thick) slices deli salami, 1/4-inch diced
- 1/4 cup sliced pepperoni, cut in half
- 1 (15-ounce) can quartered artichokes, drained well
- 1 1/2 cups cherry tomatoes, cut in half
- 2 (1/2-inch-thick) slices deli provolone cheese, 1/4-inch diced
- 1 cup black olives
- 1/4 cup diced red onion
- 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
- 1/2 cup olive oil
- 1/4 cup red wine vinegar
- 3 cloves garlic, minced
- 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
- 3/4 teaspoon salt
- 1/4 teaspoon black pepper
- 1 tablespoon lemon juice
What to Do
- Cook tortellini according to package directions; drain, rinse, and drain again.
- In a large bowl, combine tortellini, salami, pepperoni, artichokes, tomatoes, provolone cheese, olives, onion, and parsley.
To Make Dressing:
- To make the Red Wine Vinaigrette, in a small bowl, whisk together all vinaigrette ingredients. Pour over tortellini mixture and toss until evenly coated. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Before You Start Cooking!
- We love deli salad recipes, and we know you do too. Check out or Divine Deli Salad Recipes for more amazing options!
- If you're over pasta salad, though we don't know how you could be, here are some Easy Coleslaw Recipes that will help you mix things up.
- Tortellini salads is just one of many staple dishes from the Italian countryside! We've got a collection of No-Fail Italian Favorites that are sure to make you feel like you're in your favorite Italian paradise.
If you love these recipes, then you'll love this FREE eCookbook!
If you loved this Tortellini salad, we've got more amazing picnic-friendly recipes for you to enjoy this summer!
Up Next:
dcarr48 5432105
Apr 07, 2019
This is sooo good. Ya'll need to try this!!!!!
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
msdeb21
Jul 10, 2018
This is a delicious salad that can serve as a summer meal with all its meats and cheeses. I make this for our summer family get-togethers and I get compliments every time. Next time I make this salad I will add sliced cucumbers to get some use out of all my garden cucumbers!
-.Cannata & Darna Associates, LLC Accounting & Bookkeeping Services Toggle NavigationHomeAccounting ServicesBookkeping ServicesContactHomeAccounting ServicesBookkeping ServicesContactContact Us Name*Email AddressMessage*This site uses Google reCAPTCHA technology to fight spam. Your use of reCAPTCHA is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.SUBMITThank you! Your message was sent successfully. HomeAccounting ServicesBookkeping ServicesContact© 2016 Cannata & Darna Associates, LLC / PreviousNextPausePlayCloseToday is “Thank Your Mentor Day” and I want to weigh in on this subject by saying that Lance Mannion has been my mentor both “in” the blogosphere and yes, sometimes in “real life” and I shouldn’t dither about it or dance around this fact. I first met Lance when I was a graduate student working on a Ph.D. at the University of Iowa. Those were the “Reagan years” (well before the Americans with Disabilities act or good assistive technology) and as a blind person I was having a devil of a time acquiring trustworthy readers who could reliably read aloud to me the many hoary books that I was forced to read. One day, out of desperation I posted some sad looking xeroxed announcements on the bulletin boards in the university's gloomy "English-Philosophy Building" announcing that "blind grad student needs readers" and I even did that thing where you make pitiable looking pre-scissored "tear off tags" with your phone number as if you're going bankrupt and need to sell your furniture yesterday because you know the "repo man" is on his way over with a bad ass bolt cutter.
You can imagine my gratitude when the phone in my apartment rang and I found that the guy on the other end of the line was a book lover. Even better: he thought that the prospect of reading aloud from the works of Sir Walter Scott offered a splendid artistic opportunity to make an ass of himself. "I've always wanted to sound like a bunch of principled but utterly lost Scottish people" he said, adding, "especially lost and principled Scottish women."
Can you imagine being read to by both John Cleese and Eric Idle of "Monty Python"? Lance's readings from "The Heart of Midlothian" were salty, colorful, funny, and still somehow appreciative of the kernel of whatever is good in Sir Walter's writing. (Everyone do your own joke?) Lance Mannion drank my bad coffee and imitated Jeannie Deans as she gathers her wits and walks the length of Scotland to save a man from execution. As he read one could hear the decency in Scott's characters and that is, I assure you a tender and unexpected pleasure. Not everyone could bring this out while earning poverty wages from the Iowa Commission for the Blind. By God! The man had Scottish soul and that's as rare as Scandinavian sobriety.
That winter and spring, while Lance was reading to me, I began to have serious trouble with some faculty in the English department at the U of Iowa. Like I said above, those were the early eighties and disability advocacy and accommodations for students were still pretty much "hit or miss" even at a notable public university like Iowa. Briefly, a couple of English professors didn't want to give me extra time to hand in writing assignments as an accommodation. When I explained to them that the alternative method of reading I had to use was time consuming one of them said: "Well, you shouldn't be in my class."
Back then there was a fledgling disability services office for students at the university. They weren't very helpful. The fact that I was a graduate student seemed to trouble them. I went to the Dean's office. They said they'd get back to me. The Department Chair called me into his office and told me that in his opinion "I was a whiner". I in turn lost my temper and told him he was grievously uninformed and walked out of his office with a slam of the door.
I was sufficiently outraged that I hired a civil rights attorney to help me put some heat on the university. I dropped my classes. I discovered that other graduate students couldn't really understand what I was experiencing. I talked endlessly about how disability rights and women's rights and the African-American experience in higher education were linked. I made impassioned extemporaneous speeches at grad student parties and in the halls of academic buildings. I discovered that I could make people's eyes glaze over with nothing more than earnestness and principles. I saw first hand just how many future professors of America were disinclined to think about disability as a social or political category.
It was around that time that Lance Mannion said to me, "Hey, you're a writer. You have a graduate degree in poetry from the Iowa Writers Workshop. Just be a poet."
We were sitting in a student eatery called "Simmy's" which I suspect isn't in business anymore. We were eating high class grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup. Lance was among other things both an accomplished playwrite and fiction writer. It's funny how a leap in consciousness can happen instantaneously like the breaking of ice on a pond. Lance's common sense was an ice breaker. "Just be a poet." The way he said it, like a Scottish merchant, reasoned, unassuming--it was as if I was a student in Kyoto and Lance was the Zen master with a bit of Sir Walter Scott thrown in. "Just be a poet." Imagine that!
Probably everybody reading this knows that the word "mentor" comes to us from a character in Homer's "Odyssey". In that wonderful tale, Mentor is a king who knew Odysseus long ago and who in turn counsels Odysseus' son, Telemachus. Telemachus wants to know how he may find his father who has been missing for years. Mentor tells Telemachus how to be both patient and wise.
Shortly after Lance and I had our grilled cheese I heard from my attorney that the U of Iowa was going to be cooperative about my need for accommodations. I knew that I had won the victory but that the Ph.D. at Iowa was spoiled. I had a graduate degree and I was ready to follow Lance's advice. I went off into the world to write. Elsewhere on this blog I have given credit to my late friend the poet Deborah Tall for having been a steady influence on my writing. Lance Mannion has been equally important for me and he was a Mentor one day over twenty years ago when I needed deep and appreciative friendship.
It was no surprise to me to discover that in the emerging world of literary blogging my old friend was pioneering a new kind of fettschrift. (That's a fancy pants word for a kind of amalgamated literary anthology that seeks to pay tribute to a subject or person.)
I have always been a writer who likes to keep a notebook. Deborah Tall, David Weiss, and I edited a book that's still in print called The Poet's Notebook in which we reprint the journals of 26 American poets. I like the shy, jaunty, sleep deprived, nutty, reasoned and intemperate voices that turn up in notebooks.
When I discovered Lance's blog I saw how the freshness of the notebook could be put into the public sphere. The notebook is to the blog as the still picture is to movies. I was back in Simmy's with the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Again Lance was my mentor.
Over the years I had tried unsuccessfully to publish a series of editorials about disability and public policy in political journals like "The Nation" and "Harpers" only to be met with polite rejection in every case. The writer Lennard Davis has written succinctly in his book Bending Over Backwards about how the liberal academic left is no better at thinking about disability than any other group. One still sees very little in "The Nation" about the plight of people with disabilities.
The world of the blogosphere has in fact opened important and necessary dialogic spaces in public space and I'm grateful again to have had Lance as my capital "m".
Some day I hope to travel to Scotland with him.
S.K.
I so enjoy reading your blog entries - I'm glad you got into the blogosphere.
As I try to help my daughter navigate disability support services at a major university, I realize that we are only a little better off than we were in your college days. And, I also came to the sad realization that the liberal left, whom I had expected would understand and support disability civil rights, "gets it" no more than the far right.
Posted by: Janet | January 25, 2007 at 10:31 AM
Janet, I couldn't agree with you more. Stay in touch. And thank you.
Posted by: Steve | January 25, 2007 at 01:04 PM
Oh what does a Scotsman wear under his kilt....?
I got my sporran packed, laddie! I'm ready to go roamin' in the gloamin'. Come back to the five and dime, Jeannie Deanes, Jeannie Deans! You take the high road, and I'll take the low road and I'll be in Scotland afore ye...
I appreciate the post, but it's always been the other way round in my book. You've been the Alan Breck to my Davy, the Long John Silver to my Jim, the Jekyll to my Hyde. You put the Robert Louis in my Stevenson, the oats in my oatmeal, the highs in my highlands, and the single malt in my Scotch.
And remember, if it isn't Scottish, it's crap!
Posted by: Rob Roy | January 26, 2007 at 09:18 AM
And you posted this on Burns Night, too! Nicely played.
Posted by: Penny | January 26, 2007 at 09:36 PMAddress: 1755 Travelers Lane, Elyria OH 44035
Book Direct with the Owner at Courtyard By Marriott Cleveland Elyria with Accommodation Arizona in Elyria, for all your holiday and travel needs.Located in Elyria and with Black River Reservation reachable within 1.8 miles, Courtyard by Marriott Cleveland Elyria provides express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a fitness center, free WiFi and a bar. There's a restaurant. At the hotel, each room comes with a desk. Complete with a private bathroom equipped with a shower and a hairdryer, guest rooms at Courtyard by Marriott Cleveland Ely have a flat-screen TV and air conditioning, and selected rooms are equipped with a seating area. All guest rooms include a closet. Continental and Ã la carte breakfast options are available daily at the accommodation. Guests will find a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge and a business center at the property. The nearest airport is Cleveland Hopkins International Airport, 20 miles from Courtyard by Marriott Cleveland Elyria.accessibility.
Ever Been on a Virtual Accessibility Excursion?
Join us this April as we host the 2021 (Virtual) Accessibility Excursion to raise awareness about campus accessibility.
University Calendar Now Includes ADA Accommodation Information
NC State has added another way for the Wolfpack community to create a more welcoming and inclusive environment in one easy.
Students Moving Forward Begins Fourth Year
The 2020-2021 academic year will mark the fourth year of the Students Moving Forward (SMF) program in the Career Development Center at NC State University..Truck Scales - Inter-Deck
Interweigh Systems designs truck scales for measuring vehicles like rigs or tankers. Made for weighing an entire truck on a single or combined series of platforms, our Inter-Deck truck scale is designed for full support across the entire scale. Superior to other designs which incorrectly assume that the weight load is only down the outsides of the scale, Interweigh's technology optimizes truck scale design to make your scale last longer. Working from our extensive application history, Interweigh engineers use modern Computer-Aided Design and finite element analysis to calculate the optimum scale design needed to weigh today's vehicles. The result. Interweigh's Inter-Deck full-range Series of low-profile above-ground scales with the same life expectancy and accuracy associated with mechanical scales. Interweigh's Inter-Deck will be serving your needs long after the 5-10 year lifespan of other low-profile designs.
Is your weigh station or truck scale in need of calibration and repair? We provide the highest quality truck scale calibration service in southern Ontario.
Notable Features
Our steel deck truck scales feature a high-strength, all-welded steel construction providing an unparalleled strength-to-weight ratio. The four-way tread plate provides excellent vehicle traction. Welded construction, with over 600 feet of weld per module, assures durable, dependable weighing, year after year.
- Fabricated of high-strength safety plate to assure the longest life and heaviest load capacities available with steel deck scales.
- High strength deck plate with short unsupported spands reduces the potential ripple effect from overinflated tires by over 40%.
Bumber bolts keep the deck from hitting the pier coping. Additionally the rocker pin load cell design allows the scale to move independently. This protects the load cells from side load damage, which is common on truck scales and can damage other types of cells.
Our truck scales feature superior load cell design:
- Capacities up to 100 tons.
- Types: Above-ground or In-ground
- Deck construction in either mild steel or concrete.
- Lengths up to 140' and widths up to 12'.
Truck Scale Function:
There are two kinds of motor truck scales: above ground and in-ground. They are formed using a series of specific length sections mounted on pairs of load cells, which in turn are supported on a pier-type foundation. The load cells are then adjusted to allow the scale to weigh correctly along its length.
Advantages
Our truck scales offer the following advantages:
- Modular-deck construction for easy installation.
- Sections simply bolt together.
- Uses self-restoring rocker pin load cells, avoiding service adjustments.
- Various truck-in / truck-out software packages available
- Complete turn-key installations, as required.
Applications
Motor Truck Scales are used by:
- any industry that sells or pays for product by the weight onboard.
- truck stops that provide a service to its trucking clients.
- governments for verifying truck load limits on highways.
-Mobile gamers are to blame for micro-transactions in Dead Space 3
Pay to slay
| Dead Space
A quick note to the console and PC fans reading: if you're looking for someone to blame for the inclusion of "micro-transactions" in spooky sci-fi shooter Dead Space 3, blame us.
Blame mobile gamers.
According to the game's producer, John Calhoun, this upcoming survival-horror game will allow you to buy resources with real-world cash. This is in order to court smartphone players where in-app purchases are a "standard part of gaming".Blood money
Earlier this week, Eurogamer discovered that Xbox 360, PS3, and PC shooter Dead Space 3 will include micro-transactions.
Here's how they work.
The game features resources like tungsten, semi-conductors, and somatic gel, which you can combine in different ways to fashion new weapon parts, ammo packs, or suit upgrades.
You will find these bits and bobs dotted around the icy planet of Tau Volantis. But, if you're feeling impatient, you can top up on tungsten or source new semi-conductors with real money.From iPhone to Xbox
Calhoun told CVG: "There's a lot of players out there, especially players coming from mobile games, who are accustomed to micro-transactions. They're like 'I need this now, I want this now'. They need instant gratification. So we included that option..."
The producer was quick to clarify that "everything that can be purchased with real-world dollars can also be purchased with [in-game currency]" and that "we would never make a game you have to pay to win."
Please insert 800 Microsoft Points to kill scary alien dude
But, while these purchases might scare off veteran Dead Space players, they are intended to win over a whole new generation of players.
"There are action game fans, and survival-horror game fans, who are 19 and 20, and they've only played games on their smartphones, and micro-transactions are to them a standard part of gaming," Calhoun said.
"It's a different generation. So if we're going to bring those people into our world, let's speak their language..."
And that language is the language of money.News and Notes From Lindbergh
By Tom Holliday
On December 21 the staff gathered at Ken and Joan Palamarek's for a very enjoyable turkey dinner which was greatly appreciated.
T h e Lindbergh Curling Rink was the scene of a 1 i v el y annual Christmas party which was h el d December 12. On December 13 Santa came to visit the tiny tots and to present them with gifts and bags of goodies.
Elmer Bjornstad was a proud winner of a Texas mickey which was drawn New Year's Eve.
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Fakeley are the proud parents of a baby boy, Carl Russell.
A well attended party was held for Mr. and Mrs. Norman Young on their recent marriage and also Edith's termination from our Plant as of January 8th. Edith has been employed by the Company for 16 years. She will be greatly missed by everyone in the Plant. Mrs. Sharon Lungul will be her replacement.
Mr. and Mrs. Norman YoungAvailable to see patients of all ages every weekday.
Alexis Martinez is a board certified Family Nurse Practitioner by the American Association of Nurse Practitioners. After working as a Registered Nurse in Surgical, Cardiac, and ICU departments, FNP Alexis graduated from Texas Tech University with a Master of Science Degree in Nursing. Alexis is an active member of the Texas Nurse Practitioner Association. She is joining the family medicine team at Palacios Medical Clinic to provide expert consultation and healthcare for the entire family. Alexis is particularly passionate about promoting health and wellness in chronic disease prevention and care such as Diabetic and Geriatric illnesses; however, she is also able to manage care for a variety issues such as well women, immunizations, and routine/sports physicals. Her desire is to provide quality patient care and helping patients maintain a healthy lifestyle through open communication and patient centered approaches to disease prevention.
FNP Alexis is from Victoria, TX and enjoys spending time with her husband and 3 children. She especially enjoys going on fishing and hunting trips with her family. She is a Veteran and has proudly served four years in the United States Marine Corp. Semper Fidelis.To My Best Friend, My Love
These are the things I've never told you
But I wish I could
Because you need to hear them even more
Than I need to say them.
You are brilliant
You are kind, and smart, and valuable
You are attractive
And I am so lucky to have you.
You are more than what is in your head
And when you feel like you are not enough,
Know this:
You are so much more.
You are a fighter
And you are brave.
You have gone through so much
And I know that you can do anything
You put your mind to.
I know that sometimes it feels like nothing is right
And you have nothing to offer, but
THIS. IS. NOT. TRUE.
Even if you don't like anything about yourself,
I do.
I wish that I could tell you this
Look you in the eyes
Because I want to make sure you understand.
This is a love poem.
A love poem to you and to all your traits that I admire.
Someday, I hope you can love them too.
[R]
Login or register to post a comment.Generally, I don’t like to think about trading over the weekend. But towards the later part of Sunday I often start thinking about things. Sometimes, these thoughts and ideas are really compelling. So I began to note them down. Every now and then I write down 2 or 3 golden points from my thought processes over the week and the weekend.
Here I’d like to share some with you on every Sunday.
1. The Place for Stop Loss is Always the Same
Within a trend no matter where you enter, whether breakout of box or pullback … the market generated stop loss will always be the same
Trader Management is always the same. No matter where was your entry. You still have to manage the trade exactly as the market tells you to do.
“You should be able to answer this question instantly at any given time of the day.”someone from the internet
If you look at a chart and someone asks, suppose you were in this market, where will be your stop now?
For Example. e.g. If you’re trading the Setup 1 strategy and you are looking for Tz1. Whether your entry is early way up there near the purple, whether you entered on apple or pc or inside the box or break of the box or slightly late past wave 3… your Trade management will be the same… the later you enter, the wider the stop, the wider the stop the lower the lot size. You will have to manage your trade based on the information generated by the market. If price action trading, then the current price action decides it. If trading with indicators, the current indicators and the time frame dictate trade management.
2. NO GAIN WITHOUT PAIN
Get yourself to USED to experiencing the PAIN and the BURN. It happens on both sides of the Entry price. Whether you’re losing money or making money there is pain involved. Don’t learn to avoid pain. Learn to accept the pain and live with it.
3. Day Traders should always be looking to learn to get Bigger Lot Sizes
Learn and Train yourself to GET BIGGER …. forget 1% per trade… start from .25% and continue to increase your lot size. Keep going higher and higher. and don’t rely on scalping only. Learn to let your trades RUN…. get to 1:5 and 1:10 trades.One of the most prominent concerns of the people today all over the world is obesity. Over the past decade, many companies have made a lot of money by making “weight loss” products, most of which were just scams. The pure cambogia ultra has been able to stand out from the sea of competitors because it the product has proven to be really effective.
Most of the experts in the industry has also said that the product get its “stamp” of approval from the market when the popular physician Dr. Oz broadcasted it on the TV show. While there is still debate over this statement by certain experts, it has been seen by the rest of the world that most of the reviews posted by the real life users have admitted to losing weight visibly after trying out the popular pure cambogia ultra. Much research has been done by different authorities to make sure that this product is more than just a hype as it claims to be.
Today, the product proudly boasts of real clinical test data tests that have proven to the world through science that it really does work. It has been highly recommended by physicians and weight loss experts to be used by obese individuals who have turned into couch potatoes. For such individuals, mobility is very difficult and hence sliming cannot happen through a strong workout regime. The product has also been appreciated highly for helping those working adults who work 9 to 5 jobs, sitting in front of the desk and working at the computer.
It has been revealed to the public very recently that besides helping individuals to lose weight, the real reason behind the product’s popularity has been the fact that people lost weight in spite of continuing with the same unhealthy eating habits. For more information please visit
About purecambogiaultrakaufen
The purecambogiaultrakaufen is the go to web site that offers all professional details about the weight loss product. individuals can also get weight loss tips and discount offers.
Media Contact
Wolfsburg, Germany!Need to find a recycling collection or service for the office? Search Australia's most comprehensive business recycling database to find one near you, along with free resources like signage and waste reduction guides.
Using Business Recycling
material
Find a recycler
Search Australia's most comprehensive online database that helps small to medium businesses find recycling collection and support services for the workplace.
Perform a search
Using the search form above, simply type your postcode or suburb, select the material you want to dispose of from the dropdown menu and click the Search button.
Tips
- Our Choosing the Right Recycler Checklist and Factsheet outlines the key questions you should ask a potential recycler to help you ensure they are doing the right thing environmentally and legally.
- Download our business card to keep the phone number handy or let your colleagues know who to ring for recycling help at work.
Want to list your recycling services?
Reuse and recycling service providers may submit a list of the materials that they collect and process, for a free online listing. This can be done in a two stage process by filling in the on-line registration form.
For details of the terms and conditions of BusinessRecycling, please read the Privacy Statement and Disclaimer.The Hawthornes featuring Laura Paigo
Doors at 7 / Music at 7:30
$15
18+
Formed in 2021, the Hawthornes is a group of established Capital Region musicians with decades of musical verve. They played their very first gig at the Hollow just a few months ago to a sold-out crowd. For their return to the Hollow, the Hawthornes- Laura Paigo, Nick Ferrandio, Jeff Sohn and Leo Kachidurian will be joined by Todd Nelson and special guest Teresa Burns Parkhurst. The band plays an eclectic mix of classic and contemporary pop music featuring the songs of Linda Rondstat, Bonnie Raitt, the Carpenters and Neil Young alongside contemporary artists like Little Big Town, Amy Winehouse and Lukas Nelson.Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
You’re reading Entrepreneur United States, an international franchise of Entrepreneur Media.
Virtually every business is made up of different teams that serve the organization as a whole. These teams could be sales, customer service or project management, but each one has its own method of measuring efficacy.
Let’s say you’ve specifically built systems to track impressions, likes, clicks and other critical metrics, and the data looks positive – sales should be skyrocketing. Your brand should be thriving. But, you’ve hit a wall. Why?
Have you forgotten about your digital marketing team? Though they are an essential part of any business, marketing teams are often separated from the others. They cover many important functions, from content creation to SEO optimization, which are vital to a company’s success. So, if you’ve found yourself in a stagnant position, perhaps it’s time to pull this team in closer.
Good fences don’t always make good neighbors
Separating team members based on their skill set is an age-old method of business organization. It just makes sense, after all, to keep those in the same wheelhouse together as a group. Every team in your business has its own Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) that determine success — but how do these different KPIs work together to support your overall mission?
Things are simpler when teams are separate, right? The marketing team can be evaluated based on unique determining factors that are entirely separate from sales, customer service or project management. Everyone is accountable for their specific team’s results.
But this method is also limiting your success by isolating data.
What if the sales team isn’t the reason for decreased profit? What if it’s the separation between teams in itself? What if your silos have become impenetrable fortresses, and amongst the sea of department-based KPIs, everyone has forgotten that we all have the same goal?
Related: Why Attribution Is All That Should Matter in Digital Marketing
Aligning the goal
No matter the team’s skill set or wheelhouse, there is always a shared goal. For many companies, separating teams from one another leads to tunnel vision.
If we separate the people, the goal and the measurement, we are destined for failure. Keeping your company focused on the overarching goal is the best route to success. It’s as simple as that.
While it’s possible — and sometimes necessary — to divide teams up based on skills and activities, it is vital to ensure that we understand how each team is contributing to the end goal. It is also important for each of those teams to deeply understand how their KPI ties in with other teams within the organization.
Let’s say, for instance, the social media team is killing it — at least as far as the numbers are concerned. They’re getting all the likes, impressions and click-throughs. If that’s your measurement of success, then it would be easy to believe your social media team is top-notch.
In reality, all the engagement in the world is worth very little, if those engaging are not also buying.
Related: Why I Quit My Safe, Well-Paying Job To Start a Tech Business Out of My Basement
Holistic measurement is key
One of the key issues with separating your marketing team from the rest is that you are also separating your measurement of those teams.
When you measure a social media campaign, you need to be holistically measuring it up against all your other sales channels. Focusing only on those upper areas of the sales funnel will not give you a clear picture of what your business is achieving in the market.
When we understand what each team is supposed to be delivering, we can also tie that up with how our customers buy. We know, for instance, that people don’t necessarily go onto Facebook to make a purchase. That doesn’t mean that their engagement on those platforms can’t lead to a conversion, and that is really what we should be measuring.
To properly tie in all the pieces of the puzzle, it is necessary to measure each team in isolation, but then also as a whole. This way, you will start to truly understand the value each component has with the end goal of sales conversion always in sight.
Having separate teams is just fine, but ensuring a united goal and holistic measurement of the contribution to that goal is key.
Related: 3 Steps to Set Up Sales KPIs That Actually.4.5 / 5 5 4.6 / 5 3.9 / 5 4 reviews Best Android wallets for Android, with an all-star team of pros and cons You don’t have to buy a wallet to enjoy Android.
We’ve put together a list of top Android wallets that are both affordable and easy to use.
Read more.
1.
Pocketknife Pocketknife is a new, low-cost Android wallet with a variety of design choices.
The company has been developing Pocketknife since 2012 and is now building its latest version of the wallet, Pocketknife 2.0.
Pocketknives are small, lightweight wallets that use the latest technology and design to protect your Android phone, tablet, or smartwatch from thieves.
PocketKnives can also store data, like text messages and email, in the wallet’s built-in memory and are waterproof, making them ideal for those who use their phone outdoors.
Pocketkeys are easy to set up on your phone.
You simply hold the wallet to your phone and tap its icon to activate the app.
PocketKeys work with most Android smartphones and tablets.
The wallet also has a large number of pre-installed apps, such as Gmail, Calendar, and Weather.
Pocket keys are made of stainless steel, which means they don’t corrode easily, and they last up to three months.
If you’re worried about your wallet’s security, PocketKnife 2.1 is available for free, but the company recommends you buy a separate wallet for security.
2.
Pocketbook Pocketbook is another low-price Android wallet.
Like Pocketknifes, Pocketbooks can be configured with any Android smartphone and tablet.
Pocketbooks also support Dropbox, Google Drive, Box, Box 2, Box 3, and more.
PocketBooks are built to last for years and feature features like USB Type-C charging, NFC, NFC reader, and NFC reader support.
PocketBooks can also be configured to scan QR codes and have built- in NFC security.
If PocketBook does get damaged or stolen, PocketBook will replace it with a new one.
Pocket bookers come in a variety with varying prices.
For $39.99, Pocketbook 2.3 has a 128GB card slot and an NFC reader and has an NFC password sensor.
3.
Pocketbuddy Pocketbuddys are also low-priced Android wallets.
Like the Pocketknife and Pocketbook, Pocketbuds come in many different designs.
PocketBuds can also scan QR Codes and have NFC reader functionality.
They’re not waterproof, though, and PocketBuddys can’t be used in water, which makes them ideal if you’re traveling in the wild.
Pocket buds can’t store data on their own, but they can be used with other apps, like Gmail, Google Maps, and Box.
Pocket Buds can be purchased individually or as part of a bundle with a Google Wallet.
4.
Nook Paperman Nook is another popular Android wallet that can be easily customized to your needs.
Nooks are thin and light, but can also hold a variety a popular accessories and apps.
NOOKs come in four different sizes and can be customized to fit your needs with a screen that’s as thin as a credit card and can hold an iPad or iPhone.
Noodles can also read QR Codes.
You can customize your Nook with the Nook App, which can be downloaded from the Play Store.
You also can install and configure the NOOK App on your Android smartphone or tablet with a simple command line command.
5.
Paypal Paypal is a low-dollar Android wallet, with a built-up selection of services that includes PayPal, PayPal Express, and PayPal Plus.
Paymacs are small wallets that can hold up to $50 worth of money, making Paymaks the ideal device for those on a tight budget.
Paypals can also support PayPal Pay.
PayPals are designed for small transactions that happen on a monthly or bi-weekly basis.
They can also accept Paypal Direct Payments, which are a new way to send money to a friend or family member.
PayPaypals are available for $3.99.
6.
Trello Trello is another Android wallet company that offers an easy-to-use, flexible way to track your business expenses.
Trellos allow you to track every aspect of your business, including salaries, revenue, and expenses.
You have the option to view your finances in one of several layouts.
Trella, Trello’s sister company, offers a flexible layout that lets you view all the different pieces of your company in a single view.
You’re also able to set a time limit on how long you want to track each piece of your account.
Trelids are not waterproof or splash resistant, but you can easily wipe them clean with a washable wipe.
7.
Instacart Instacarts are another low cost Android wallet option.
They come in three different sizes: Small, Medium, andThese ‘just for fun’ accounts are ideal for studying the best way to play games that can be new to you and improve your gambling abilities. Nevertheless, should you do revert to gambling, don’t get down on yourself? An inexperienced waitress took our orders, and when the meals were delivered, we did not get precisely what we had ordered. Wound up a two-hour session from betting the minimum $3 some $50 ahead, and the wife came and received me for dinner. Before you realize it, you have dropped $250 on chasing the large jackpot and have misplaced an hour or two of your time in addition to the money. As a part of a visit to a conference in Marquette, MI, we determined to take an extra pair of days and spend a while at Kewadin Casino in Sault Ste Marie, MI.
This time for some motive, it wasn’t good. We might at all times had good experiences at Dream Catchers Restaurant. It was defined that though we ordered rice with our meal, we wound up with a baked potato because they did not have any rice. The design is greatest, along with I’ve for no motive acquired this fall short. Here is the perfect we saw. Investing just isn’t an ideal science, and even the very best investor with several years of expertise and data can not qualify to call himself excellent. You are capable of making important decisions in your life swiftly without taking the assistance of anyone. Listed below are a few ideas that can assist you in improving your skills.
Here are a record of Regularly Requested Questions in their manner quickly or do a bit rude. Of course, most loyal people will tell us that we’re both too early or too late in the season. Vici Gaming is a well-known skilled player from Malaysia. Coaching for a career provided by the organization simply comprises professional coaching using smart and rightful learning in a relevant subject or professional course. They continue to make refinements to the software, and on this one, you could react in roughly 10 seconds, or the machine สล็อต decides you want to “hold” and goes on to the next participant. Discovered a multi-player blackjack machine and settled in.SlotPRESCOTT, ARIZONA –-(Ammoland.com)- themselves.”
The “Champions of Hunter Education” program will solicit nominations for outstanding youth hunting instructors that go above and beyond in mentoring novice youth hunters and providing hunters’ education. Six instructors per year will receive a free hunting firearm from GalleryofGuns.com as commemoration of their efforts.
In addition, one essay per year will be selected from all essays written and entered by the youth hunting students for consideration to the IHEA. The winning essayist will be awarded a $5,000 “Future Leaders of Conservation” scholastic scholarship.
About GalleryofGuns.com:ie, visitors to GalleryofGuns.com can enjoy the easiest and most convenient method to search, find, and buy the firearm they are looking for.
what is the address to send the scholastic scholar ship?
thank you
john haberl
cycling
Gravel ride along the Grass
Gravel bikes provide a new experience on Massawepie Traverse By Phil Brown I already owned a road bike and a mountain bike. Did I really need a gravel bike? Was the latest cycling trend just a lot of industry hype? After initial … [Read more...] about Gravel ride along the GrassORIENTATION ISSUE The State budget crisis puts financial aid at risk Despite massive state bud-get deficits that forced hundreds of thousands of dollars to be cut out of financial aid budgets of private universities throughout Connecticut, Fairfield University has minimized the losses from the cuts but is still vul-nerable as the state legislature en-ters special session to pass a bud-get by the end of June. As reported in The Mirror on Feb. 20, 2003 (available online at), state budget deficits amounting to about $2 billion over the next two years resulted in a 15 percent cut to the Connecticut Independent Colleges Students, or CICS (pronounced "kicks") grant program. Fairfield's share of the shortfall was just un-der $300,000, but the university re-couped money for the program by redirecting resources to financial aid after cutting the football and ice hockey programs earlier this year. Susan Kadir, director of the Financial Aid program, was cau-tiously optimistic about the current budget deliberations in Hartford. "The Appropriations Com-mittee has recommended to the legislature that they do level fund- BY ETHAN FRY ing for CICS," said Kadir. If such funding is approved, said Kadir, CICS money will be distributed based on the number of Connecti-cut residents who attend each school on a full-time basis. Based on current budget de-liberations, Kadir said that Fairfield still stands to lose $100,000 in funding, and that number could go up to $400,000 if more cuts are made. Judy Greiman, president of the Connecticut Conference of In-dependent Colleges, was also op-timistic. "While you never know what will happen until the negotiations are all over and the budget is finally signed by the governor, I think that our message has gotten through and that many of our supporters in the legislature have been asking that our cut be minimized," Greiman said. "We will keep working over the next few weeks to make sure that we hold onto the money." Greiman also noted that the budget passed by the democrat-led legislature and subsequently ve-toed by Gov. John G. Rowland "in-cluded an additional $3 million in CICS funding than had been in the governor's original budget." "If the governor had signed this budget," Greiman said, "the program would only have sus-tained an $800,000 cut rather than the originally proposed $3.8 mil-lion cut. Because of the veto, there will need to be a special session to complete the budget work." Asked if students or parents could do anything to help mini-mize the budget cuts, Greiman said, "Letters to legislators con-tinue to be helpful. Students and their parents can go to our Web site to send letters to the six key lead-ers and the state budget chief en-couraging them to keep our money in the next budget." The Web site is http:// capwiz.com/theccic/issues/alert/ ?alertid=2010546&type=CU Overall, Kadir said the finan-cial aid staff is doing everything they can to minimize the effect of the budget cuts, but it is an uphill battle. "We're never funded enough to give grants to all students dem-onstrating need," said Kadir. "Un-fortunately, this year the funds went quickly." Student ID continues to become more useful on campus BY KEITH WHAMOND From buying sushi at the Stag diner to getting into a dorm building right before the 11 p.m. cut off, the Stag Card is one of the most vital of all the accessories used by a Fairfield University student. Soon, Fairfield will add one more func-tion to the already long list of Stag Card uses: printing papers at the library. Starting this fall, the University plans on having students use their Stag Card whenever they print a document from the Nyselius Library, and eventually from the many computer labs on campus. The plan is to install a "printer man-agement system" to control the amount pa-per used by each student for printing docu-ments. A card reader will be installed on all the printers in the library, which will require every student to swipe their card each time they print a document from one of the li-brary computers. Budget permitting, the card readers will also be installed in each of the computer labs on campus by the fall. Mirror file photo Being carded: Dining dollars can be used in places like the Stag for food purchases. "Currently, it's a work in progress," said Michael Tortora, the coordinator of Informa-tion Systems for Student Services. "Students will print their paper from the computer, swipe their card, and the paper will print." Students will have an as-yet undeter-mined set number of printouts per semes-ter. After the student has gone over that limit, the student will be charged a "nominal" fee to their Stag Bucks credit, according to Tortora. The Stag Card has taken on a number of different roles over the recent past, with its functions growing more and more seem-ingly each semester. Three years ago, the Stag card was lim-ited to building access and food at the caf-eterias and snack bars. Now the card is usable at vending ma-chines, and money has been split into two categories: Dining Dollars, which is for food at the establishments on campus, and Stag Bucks, which can be used for spending in the bookstore. In addition, Fairfield will inaugurate the vending of newspapers for the Stag Card next semester. Newspaper machines will be set up in Jogues and Loyola halls, allowing students to swipe their cards in order to re-ceive a complementary newspaper. Some of the newspapers available in the offer include The New York Times and the Connecticut Post.<<
Change the font or font size in Numbers on Mac
You can change the font and font size of text and replace a font everywhere it occurs in your spreadsheet..
Tip: You can add buttons to the toolbar for changing the font and making selected text bigger or smaller.
Replace fonts
To change a font everywhere it occurs in your spreadsheet, spreadsheet that uses fonts not installed on your computer, a missing font notification appears briefly at the top of the spreadsheet. spreadsheet, then later install the missing font, your spreadsheet continues to use the replacement font until you replace it with the font you installed.Back Posted By: Siraj Back Singer / Category: Muhammad Ali Sajjan List Add Videos Add videos and get SAWAB / Blessings Download PDF Video Sufi Poetry Video Audio MP3 Posted on: 06:21 PM 20th May 2017 Views: 22102 Download Video No: 4212 Category: 139 Rate: Send Video to friend ads HTML Link: BB Link Share#4 Duke v. #5 Mississippi State
Well, we know ONE official (or set of officials) that won’t be moving on. ’cause that was a clear offensive foul. But, Vic – remember what the Caterpillar said to Alice: “Keep. Your. Temper.” ’cause that T just hamstrung any comeback MSU had in its tank. The Escaping Devils say, “Next!” Writes Mechelle:
She was also the only player on either side to play all 40 minutes — the first time this season that Stevens has done that — and Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie joked about it afterward.
“I guess I forgot that I never took her out,” McCallie said, “but she was absolutely fantastic. If you saw Azura play in December, she couldn’t play 20 straight minutes. She would have been just dying to come out.”
Sunday, the only people who were dying for Stevens to leave the game were on the Mississippi State side, to get some relief from having to guard her. Stevens — whose first name is pronounced AZ-er-ray — acknowledged she was “very nervous” before Friday’s NCAA opener, and thinks that showed in her play. However, it’s not as if she didn’t help Duke a lot in a 54-52 victory in which every point and rebound counted. She had 11 points and nine rebounds against the Great Danes.
#11 Miami v. #3 Iowa
Everything was flowing for the Hawkeyes. Hard to believe this is Iowa’s first trip to the Sweet Sixteen since 1996.
#2 Baylor v. #10 Arkansas
Great crowd came out to support Baylor. Not much of a game... unless, of course, you were a Bears fan.
#2 Kentucky v. #7 Dayton
What. A. Fun. Game. Were you yelling at your tv as much as I was? Flyers swoop into the 16 for the first time, Wildcats go off to practice free throws.
#1 South Carolina v. #8 Syracuse
Another great crowd. This is what folks are talking about when they say athletes want a “championship feel.” They don’t care that it’s the opposition’s fans… they just don’t want to play in an arena where they can hear their sneakers squeak. The Gamecocks move into the Sweet Sixteen looking ready for bear. From Mechelle: Depth, Dozier lead Gameocks
South Carolina guard Asia Dozier recalls attending Gamecock women’s games when she was in junior high school, and not having any problem getting a good seat. Dozier, a Columbia native whose father and uncle are twins who played basketball at South Carolina in the 1980s, realized she had a chance to help improve the atmosphere at Colonial Life Arena.
“I probably came to my first women’s game here in seventh grade,” Dozier said. “At halftime, they used to announce to everybody who was in the upper deck to come down and fill in the empty seats close to the court. Now to see the fans rush in when the doors open, it’s a complete turnaround. It’s an amazing feeling to know we played a role in changing the fan support here.”
#3 Oregon State v. #11 Gonzaga
Gonzaga handled the pressure, handled the OSU home crowd, handled their business and, behind the great game by freshman Wolfram, another “mid-major” makes the Sweet Sixteen.
#1 Notre Dame v. #9 DePaul
No surprise, the Blue Demons made the Irish uncomfortable for a bit — but Notre Dame recovered and dumped DePaul, advancing to the next round.
#4 Cal v. #5 Texas
After a strong start got derailed by injuries, Texas was dismissed by some. They’re out to prove folks wrong. They faced Cal on Hess Court and triumphing, 73-70, reaching the Sweet Sixteen for the first time in 11 years. From Michelle:
McGee-Stafford was the centerpiece of a dominate-the-paint strategy on both ends of the floor that propelled fifth-seeded Texas to a 73-70 win over No. 4 seed Cal at Haas Pavilion on Sunday and into the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2004.
“This is how we start our legacy,” McGee-Stafford said. “We were able to do something that hasn’t been done in over a decade and it just goes to show that hard work eventually pays off.”
From Graham: Five Observations From Sunday
Half of the Sweet 16 is set. Here are five takeaways from Day 3 of the women’s NCAA tournament.
1. You come at the king …: You probably know how the rest of the famous line from “The Wire” goes. No. 11 Gonzaga wasn’t whistling “The Farmer in the Dell” or anything else in the final seconds of its second-round game against No. 3 seed Oregon State in Corvallis, Oregon — although Gill Coliseum was probably about as quiet as a deserted street at night — but the basic premise is the same.
The Pacific Northwest is still property of the team from Spokane. Changing that goes through the Bulldogs.
Take a breath, ’cause up next:
#7 FCGU v. #2 Florida State
From the Cape Coral Breeze: FSU next for streaking FGCU women
From the News-Press: Notes: FGCU knows task gets tougher against FSU
#8 Princeton v. #1 Maryland
From Graham: Key classes fuel Terps, Tigers – Maryland, Princeton power on after losing stars Alyssa Thomas, Niveen Rasheed
Arguably the loudest ovation of the day inside the Xfinity Center on Saturday was not the one that greeted the man who works in the Oval Office. That had nothing to do with politics or partisanship on a day that saw President Barack Obama take in his niece’s game. Abraham Lincoln could have walked in during the opening game between Princeton and Green Bay, when the stands were still more empty than full save for concentrated patches of orange and green, and the reception would have paled in comparison to that a few hours later when Alyssa Thomas appeared on the video board during the game between Maryland and New Mexico State.
A year removed from her final college game, the best player in Maryland women’s basketball history is a hard act to follow.
So, too, is Niveen Rasheed, still perhaps the best player in Princeton history two years after she last played college ball.
#10 Pittsburgh v. #2 Tennessee
From the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: Pitt women’s basketball team hopes to reach ‘Summitt’ of dreams at Tennessee
From the Knoxville Sentinel: Mike Strange: Pitt women’s improbable story leads to Knoxville
Also from KSN: Tennessee coach Holly Warlick makes impression on Pittsburgh coach
From the Chattanooga: John Shearer: Remembering Meeting The Pittsburgh Women’s Coach
#5 Oklahoma v. #4 Stanford
From the Oklahoma Daily: Women’s basketball to battle Stanford in second round
From the Stanford Daily: Card to play Oklahoma for Sweet 16 Berth
From the Santa Cruz Sentinel: Stanford women to face physical Oklahoma in NCAA Tournament on Monday
#5 Ohio State v. #4 North Carolina
From the Columbus Dispatch: Buckeyes, Tar Heels like to run
The NCAA tournament mountaintop that the Ohio State women’s basketball team intends to reach will take on a slightly steeper grade at 6:30 Monday night when the Buckeyes face North Carolina on its Carmichael Arena home court.
Fifth-seeded Ohio State (24-10) stopped 12th-seeded James Madison 90-80 in a fast-paced first-round game on Saturday to get a shot at the fourth-seeded Tar Heels (25-8), a traditional power out of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
From OSU The Lantern: Alston, Mitchell fueling Ohio State women’s basketball in NCAA Tournament
From the Daily Tar Heel: UNC women’s basketball wins for ‘mama bear’
From the New York Times:.
#8 Rutgers v. #1 Connecticut
From NJ.com: Some reward: Rutgers now faces Geno Auriemma and UConn, his basketball machine | Politi
From Keith Sergeant: Rutgers women’s basketball team to President Obama: ‘We busted your bracket!’
From UConn: Top-Seeded UConn Set to Face Eighth-Seeded Rutgers in NCAA Second Round on Monday
From the Courant: Effort, Unselfishness Are The Keys To UConn’s Success and Rutgers Works To Return To UConn’s Level, Courant
From the Register: UConn women well aware of what Rutgers brings to the table, Register
The Knicks lost *again*, so from the NY Times: Rutgers’s Coach Is Used to Winning, but Not When She Faces UConn, NY Times
From NJ.com: NCAA Tournament 2015: Can the mighty UConn women’s basketball team be beat?
From NorthJersey.com: Tall task in Storrs for Rutgers women,
#6 South Florida v. #3 Louisville
From the Courier-Journal: USF a familiar foe for U of L women
Also from the C-J: USF’s Courtney Williams to test U of L women
From the Oracle: Bulls charge to second round
From the AP’s Mark Didtler: Louisville and USF look to advance to Sweet 16
”The one thing that we take great pride here at Louisville is the ability to play different ways for different opponents,” Cardinals coach Jeff Walz said. ”We’re quite aware we’re not going to be able to play that same way defensively, so we’ll have to figure out a new game plan and move on from there.”
#11 Arkansas-Little Rock v. #3 Arizona State
From the Merced Sun-Star: Sun Devils in for tough test against Trojans
From FoxSports: UALR-Arizona St. Preview‘ attention was the reaction of UALR’s players: Nothing.
”You can tell that nothing really bothers them,” Arizona State forward Sophie Brunner said. ”They just make things work.”
From the Examiner.com: Women’s NCAA second round matches ASU and UALR in Tempe Monday nightFull Name
Christopher Anderson
Job Title
Audio/Visual Manager
Company
Georgia Aquarium
Bio
Christopher Anderson is originally from Milwaukee,WI and has been in the Telecommunications, Audio/Visual world for over 20 Years. From Mega Churches to Hospitals, and entertainment venues Chris has continued to stay in the forefront with his knowledge and Expertise. In his spare time he enjoys sports, reading, and anything electronic related.
Speaking At
White Sox' Liam Hendriks hopes to play with Craig Kimbrel again
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
Hendriks hoping to play with Kimbrel again in 2022 originally appeared on NBC Sports Chicago
If it were up to Chicago White Sox closer Liam Hendriks, Craig Kimbrel would be on the roster come 2022.
"For me personally, I hope Craig's back because he's such a good person to be able to lean on," Hendriks told the media after winning his second consecutive AL Reliever of the Year award.
The White Sox made a splash at MLB's trade deadline, landing Cubs closer Craig Kimbrel. at the time, Kimbrel was one of the best relievers in the game with 0.49 ERA in his 39 appearances prior to the deadline.
However, Kimbrel struggled and notched a 5.90 ERA with the White Sox in final months of the season. The White Sox picked up Kimbrel's option for the 2022 season but there are reports the White Sox could deal Kimbrel in the offseason.
Hendriks noted that he believed his struggles were overblown, noting all season have ups and downs but Kimbrel's low points came during his two months with the White Sox.
Looking at the season as a whole, Kimbrel finished with a 2.26 ERA.
But Hendriks also noted his desire to see the team add players with World Series experience to help the White Sox get over the hump and into a World Series run. Kimbrel fits that bill, winning a World Series in 2018 with the Boston Red Sox.
"It's just a privilege to be able to work with him day in and day out and talk baseball and talk off field stuff and just kind of pick his brain about everything he can," Hendriks added. "It's definitely a big bonus being able to have a guy like that.
"But yeah, obviously for him, I'm glad he got picked up and hopefully we're able to keep him and we can turn this into a bit of a thing with our bullpen going into next season."
Download
Download MyTeams Today!Head of Search Engine Optimization
- Remote, CA, United States
- Employees can work remotely
- Full-time
Job Description
We're looking for a Head of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) to join Procore's Digital Marketing Center of Excellence. In this role, you'll be responsible for developing and executing the strategy for short-term and long-term Search Engine Optimization growth. As the Head of SEO, you will grow our visibility in organic search engines through content, technical SEO, and backlinking. Successful candidates have strong technical experience and understand the tools and technologies required to test, track, and measure search rankings. can be remote or based in any of our US offices. We're looking for someone to join our team immediately.
What You'll Do:
Drive the acquisition of traffic, customers, and conversions through organic search
Work cross-functionally on complex issues building relationships to drive executive alignment
Own and develop our SEO roadmap, including determining the objectives for and approach to delivery
Lead content development and web optimization projects
Design SEO best practices across marketing, product, sales, and support by developing guidelines and being a spokesperson to evangelize
Support and provide SEO guidance across demand-generation activities, including asset creation and campaign design
Create strategies to expand into new categories and keywords as our product portfolio grows
Expand our international rankings and create strategies to establish Procore in new markets
Work with internal and external resources to create content strategies and publish to drive relevant traffic and increase rankings
Research, diagnose, and resolve technical site issues.
Advise on site architecture, tagging, and site speed improvements.
Create and execute a strategy to expand backlinking
What we're looking for:
12+ years in SEO, including content, architecture, page performance, tagging
Strong understanding of website and content architecture and tech stacks
A domain expert with keyword research, strategy assessments, and competitive analyses
Extensive experience with web analytic and SEO tools (e.g., Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Screaming Frog, SEMRush, AHRefs, etc.)
Expert in technical SEO, including how crawl errors, redirection, duplication, and site speed, impact website performance
In-depth understanding of how search engines work, SEO optimization techniques, principles of sound SEO strategies, and all key and recent industry changes
Knowledgeable of the B2B lead generation strategies.Orthodox Church Fathers: Patristic Christian Theology Classics Search Engine
Letter II. For 330.
Easter-day xxiv Pharmuthi; xiii Kal. Mai; Aera Dioclet. 46; Coss. Gallicianus, Valerius Symmachus; Proefect,1 ,' .'3 .'4 ?'5 .'
2. Let us678 ; also, for their craftiness, and errors, and sin laden with death, they are called a `generation of vipers,' as John saith9 . Now having thus fallen, and grovelling in the dust like the serpent10 ,11 .' .28 .'29 .30 .' Afterwards, because there were men who used his words, but chose to hear them as suited their lusts, and dared .'36 ..
In today’s issue of Science magazine, psychology Today (published by Elsevier) looks at some of the latest trends in psychology.
For more than 20 years, the magazine has been covering some of psychology’s most interesting and provocative issues, and this year’s issue is no exception.
The magazine has focused on a number of the topics that are most often covered by psychology Today: how we learn and remember information, how we develop new skills, and the way we think about the world.
The topic covered this year, of course, is self-regulation, and it is the theme that is most hotly debated by psychologists.
As you can see, the article is a long one, covering topics from how we acquire information to the importance of learning new skills and how we apply these to the workplace.
There is also a good overview of some of Psychology Today’s other special issues, such as the book “Learning and Teaching”, which covers topics such as learning from mistakes, learning how to learn better, and self-awareness.
In all, the book covers some of what psychology Today covers, and you can read a summary of the book here.
Here’s a look at some other articles from Psychology Today.
Psychology Today (psychologytoday.com) psychologytoday.co.uk (1) What you need now, today, psychologytodaymagazine.com,today,today-magazine,self-regulation article The following are the key findings of the article: People with low self-regard (also known as low selflessness) are less likely to act in a manner that contributes to their own distress.
In other words, the more low self‐regard, the less likely they are to act with self‐control in situations where they are at risk of distress.Portland Book Festival
Dangerous Places: Women and Power
WomenComing this November: “New Year’s Eve at Grandma’s House”
Join the 2nd Act Players this November for a unique look at the American immigrant experience in this all-new, two-act drama, New Year’ Eve at Grandma’s House. An Italian-American family gathers to celebrate New Year’s Eve 1960, its first without the family patriarch. The country is changing with the election of the first Catholic president […]10 bundles- 35 long sticks per bundle – Sandalwood, clove, camphor, spices. (The best of Shoyeido’s Daily Incense!) A fragrance inspired by the image of white clouds in a blue sky.
Made from a decades-old recipe, White Cloud’s high quality, earthy-sweet scent helps bring a moment of inner peace. Appropriate for casual enjoyment and formal gatherings alike.Using music to improve wellbeing in Immigration Removal Centres
The Verne is a formidable Victorian military fortress on the island of Portland, of the Dorset coast. For many years a prison, it’s now one of the UK’s 10 Immigration Removal Centres. The men held there don’t know how long their detention will last or what their future holds, and this uncertainty is perhaps the greatest of the stresses they have to bear.
Meanwhile, just down the hill is a small housing estate where people have difficulties of their own and services for young people are badly needed.
The WOMAD Foundation has supported Music in Detention to bring UK-based musicians from Zimbabwean and Indian backgrounds into the detention centre and the local community, using music-making to improve wellbeing among both these groups, and understanding between them.
Working separately with the detainees and young people, they helped them create songs and music that would speak to themselves and each other. Rhythms, melodies and ideas from around the world found a home in the local community.Before the drone-metal band Sunn O))) performed at 9:30 Club in March, with their towering wall of amps rattling the innards of every person in the crowd, they had some beer. And before that, they made some beer.
Specifically, Sunn O)))’s Greg Anderson visited Right Proper Brewing Company’s production house in Brookland to help put the finishing touches on “Soused,” a collaboration between Right Proper, Richmond, Va.’s Stone Brewing, and Sperryville, Va.’s Pen Druid Brewing. The beer was named after and inspired by Sunn O)))’s 2014 collaborative album with ’60s pop singer turned avant-garde musician Scott Walker.
For those who aren’t that, er, tapped into the world of craft brewing, musicians and brewers making a beer inspired by an album might seem like a strange collaboration. But for all those involved, it makes sense. “Soused” is just one example of what has become an indisputable trend in the D.C. region and the wider craft brewing world: the intertwined relationship between suds and sound.
With “Soused,” Right Proper’s head brewer Nathan Zeender says, “it wasn’t like a flavor-interpretation of this Scott Walker [and Sunn O)))] song,” but rather using ingredients that speak to the dense, solemn, and sparse tone of album. In this case, it involved a traditional Nordic yeast.
Close to 20 of Right Proper’s beers over the years are directly inspired by Zeender’s musical tastes, which he says tend to skew toward “meditative droning music, jazz, and a spattering of other stuff.” The “Ornette” and the “Duke” take their names from significant jazz musicians. The “Invisible City of Bladensburg,” influenced by the music of guitarist John Fahey, and the “Bee’s Made Honey in the Lion’s Skull,” inspired by the instrumental group Earth, are a little more esoteric.
Elsewhere in the D.C. area, craft breweries are working with bands as a way of further cementing the relationship between beer and music. “Music and beer are both forms of art,” says Brandon Skall, co-owner of DC Brau, which has partnered with both local metal mainstay Darkest Hour and local ska heroes The Pietasters on different beers. “You’re both operating in the constructs of your environment… creating your own songs, it’s not that different from creating your own beer.”
The environment that Skall speaks of isn’t limited to a specific beer. It can impact an entire brewery’s identity, like at Atlas Brew Works. “With Atlas, our whole sort of design aesthetic is steampunk, with the idea that that’s very much a mix of art and science, as is the brewing process,” says Justin Cox, CEO and founder of Atlas.
Last summer, instead of creating a single summer beer, Cox says Atlas instead decided to make a series of beers for the season. “We were kind of thinking of flavor profiles and concepts for beer, and we ended up kind of having a music theme for the naming of beers,” he says. They ended up with three beers: the “Should I Stay or Should I Gose,” the “Rye, Rye My Darling,” and the D.C. punk-inspired “Dance of Days” pale ale.
“We’re always trying to think of some clever, punny names for our beers,” Cox says, “but there was a lot of those bands being played in the brewery at the time, and I think that kind of sparked our juices on the naming front.”
Like Right Proper’s “Soused,” Atlas developed a metal-themed beer earlier this year, for Decibel Magazine’s Metal & Beer Fest in Philadelphia, using ingredients specifically suited for a black saison. “We called [it] HaSaWoDo, which is short for ‘Hail Satan Worship Doom,’” Cox says. “We wanted something that was kind of light and airy, as some metal can be, but also—we made it black, that’s super metal. And it was 6.66 percent ABV.”
While brewing requires a lot of science and hands-on craftsmanship, Right Proper’s Zeender says, it is a process that thrives on instinct and experimentation, much like composing a song. In that sense, tipplers and concertgoers can start to understand the similar work that goes into making beer and music.
Or, that logic could be complete bullshit.
“There’s no real good logic as to how the connection is made,” Zeender says, “but I’m inspired by the music in the act of brewing.”Google Play Pass expands to Canada, Australia, and 7 more countries
Google Play Pass was first launched in September 2019 as a subscription service that provides apps and games without ads or in-app purchases. It was exclusive to the U.S.A. Finally, the service is expanding to nine new countries. Once available, it will be provided with a free one-month trial. After the end of the trial period, it’s $4.99 per month,
The new regions include Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Spain, and the UK. These countries will receive Play Pass this week. Users can also opt for the new yearly subscription option. Google is adding the new yearly subscription option that costs $29.99 per year.
For comparison, the Google Play Pass competitor, Apple Arcade, which is only for games, costs $50 per year (or $4.99 per month). Moreover, Google says over 150 titles have been added to the Play Pass over the past few months.
Source: Google BlogBlogging is one of the most prominent kinds of on the internet interaction and also can be utilized to promote several service endeavors. A blog site is a casual online discussion or merely informational website published over the Internet containing generally distinct, normally created diary design text access. Blog posts are usually shown backwards sequential order, hence the earliest message appearing at the top, and also the most up to date blog post appearing at the bottom. A blog site is often upgraded and also can be surfed by classification or search phrase.
There are various benefits of blog writing. While it is true that social networking websites like Facebook and Twitter allow you to reach out to a target market more effectively, they do not aid you to develop a trademark name, and also your visitors do not share the exact same interests as you do. On the other hand, blog sites work for producing long term partnerships with your target market, as well as therefore can be important in constructing a faithful target market and also raising exposure of your company. The secret to success is to start out with a topic you are passionate about and after that construct a trustworthy network of fans who want the topic. If you are able to do this, after that you have an excellent possibility of earning a considerable on the internet revenue from your article.
One of the major benefits of blog writing is that it is reasonably affordable to start a blog and you can constantly include advertisements on your blog to produce added earnings. However, also when you have a loyal target market who excitedly reviews your blog, it is very important to constantly drive traffic to it. To do this, it is best to target your audience with paid advertising and marketing. PPC, also known as Pay Per Click, is the very best way to attract brand-new website traffic to your blog. Paid marketing campaign will certainly enhance your traffic quantity substantially, particularly if you have a multitude of highly targeted, interested subscribers. These campaigns will likewise drive targeted visitors to your internet site which, subsequently, will generate even more leads.
Blogging likewise offers numerous various other benefits for small businesses. Among the most valuable devices readily available to small companies is the WordPress blog site system. Blogging is simple to establish, and also several blogging platforms consist of an online help facility for no charge. WordPress also includes a wide variety of motifs that are easy to tailor, and also the majority of blog sites include some content monitoring system (CMS), which permits the owner to maintain everything organized by motif. This improves the process of maintaining the blog site, as well as ensures that whatever is constantly running smoothly. Additionally, the CMS makes it simple to publish new blog sites, as well as manage the different page settings.
One more benefit of blogging is that it allows local business to create material specific to their particular market. For instance, many individuals utilize blog sites to speak about their interests or rate of interest areas. When an individual gets into blog writing, they will certainly quickly discover that there are numerous blog sites on any kind of provided subject. In addition to using info about their own blog sites, readers will likewise want to check out blogs composed by others in their sector. A blog writing training course will certainly present visitors to these blogs, and also give them pointers on exactly how to preserve the blog effectively to ensure that site visitors will certainly keep coming back.
Many blogs provide visitors ways to discuss short articles. These permit blog owners to share information with others, and also provide their site visitors the chance to voice their viewpoints too. When a blog site becomes popular, several companies will certainly work with experts to handle their blogging internet sites, as well as enable readers to leave feedback on articles or any other topic.
Finally, blogging is typically made use of to attract new clients. When a person has a blog site internet site or blog web content on a particular subject, they can conveniently welcome possible consumers to read their posts. This can be done on a variety of degrees, ranging from simply leaving a remark to starting on a new thread. A blog writing program should present viewers to the various ways to get started on a new thread, along with describing why it is important to have this approach for pulling in new clients.
Altogether, blogging can be a fun as well as intriguing means to share information with others on any type of subject, particularly when it is done effectively. With all the different techniques offered to blog writers, it can often seem a bit frustrating to determine which ones are best matched for each and every person. Nevertheless, by checking out a top quality blog post on a specific topic, it will certainly make it simpler for the blog writer to identify what methods function best. The process will certainly likewise assist give beginners ideas for producing their own blogs, or expand an existing article. For those who intend to make money from blogging, discovering exactly how to do this requires time and effort, once it is learned, it will certainly be a lot easier for a blog writer to produce a profitable post and also make money from their efforts.
Blog writing has ended up being the talk of the town. Every person you find out about understands or has become aware of blogging. Blogging is the brand-new method for individuals to share themselves, and have their state online. Some like to blog as a type of journaling, while others appreciate putting up day-to-day access or various other types of blogs. Blog writing is likewise coming to be prominent with organization individuals who are trying to raise their on the internet exposure. Here are some ways that you can blog that will aid you to market your blog site or make more money blogging.
Blogging can be an effective tool for marketing your blog in numerous different means. One method which blogging can be beneficial to your business is via influencer advertising. If you currently have a huge following of followers after that you can utilize this complying with to market your blog to those fans.
Influencers are people as well as business who can assist you to market your blog site via blogging. To get started with blogging you will certainly require to find a system where you can organize your blog. There are a variety of different cost-free blogging platforms online. You should acquaint on your own with these systems and determine which one will best fit your demands.
As soon as you have picked the platform you wish to hold your blog on, the following action is to select a topic to discuss. If you have currently developed a blog site after that you might wish to stick to that subject. Nonetheless, if you are beginning an all new blog then you ought to think about producing a specific niche within that topic and also choosing a topic around that specific specific niche. Visit this site
A great way to begin blogging and make an earnings through blog writing is to utilize a WordPress plugin to turn your individual article right into a Google focused web link. WordPress supplies several cost-free plugins that can be utilized for this function. One of the most preferred plugins for WordPress is the Google Analytics plugin.Northwest Voices presents creator and poet author workshops and readings in collaboration with the Longview Public Library and Washington State Arts Fee. The Singapore Art Week, which incorporates Southeast Asia’s leading honest Art Stage Singapore, has grown from power to strength over its four editions with a myriad of art, inventive, and life-style occasions. Maryland counties and municipalities might apply for A&E District designation for specific areas the place there is a threshold of arts and entertainment activity and a need to encourage funding and extra arts exercise through the A&E Districts program’s tax-associated advantages. Within the Arts & Entertainment part, The Advocate brings readers all the newest news on Hollywood, Broadway, and past. Our shut associates at an arts & entertainment-centered boutique want to add an associate to work with emerging tech corporations in digital media, ecommerce, and leisure, as well as well as chefs, eating places groups, authors, and actors.
Arts & Leisure Atlanta is a neighborhood activation and economic growth venture for Downtown Atlanta. Caswell County Civic Heart , Yanceyville, NC – From Broadway to Ballet and Bluegrass to Pops, the Civic Center’s yr-spherical calendar of attractions, performances, artwork exhibitions and children’s packages entice audiences from across North Carolina.
9, at the Fox Events Middle, in downtown Redlands. We welcome builders to build and renovate, and artists to stay here and pursue creative dreams. ARTS shed mild onto a life that felt so dark and hopeless. The location is good for events, resembling arts events, music festivals, big high exhibits, sporting events and gala dinners.
Today, in my life, I really feel completely great and I’m so grateful for ARTS. The Singapore Artwork Week, which incorporates Southeast Asia’s main honest Artwork Stage Singapore, has grown from energy to power over its 4 editions with a myriad of art, inventive, and lifestyle events.
The Prizery, Cultural and Performing Arts Center , South Boston, VA – Residence of the skilled Summer Theatre, the Prizery performs host to performers from throughout the world in the 250-seat Chastain Theatre, reveals art within the Robert F. Cage Art Gallery, gives venues for events and leases,Â homes the Crossing of the Dan Revolutionary Struggle exhibit, and presents a variety of lessons – from music to art.How‘ the XAMPP CP visible, click on SHELL (top right)
Input (or copy and paste) this command and press enter
If you have a different user for your database other than ‘root’, then make sure you use the appropriate one. You will be asked to provide your database password; enter the current password(or just press enter if your DB has no password) and let the Shell do the magic.
The process might take awhile and that depends on the size of your database. Upon completion, the SHELL would have created a file named “all-db-dump.sql” in your “DRIVE:\xampp\’ directory. This file contains all your databases.
Now, your database backup process is done, you can close the Shell now.
STOP all XAMPP services (Apache, MySQL/MariaDB, Tomcat e.t.c) and quit the control panel as well.
Furthermore, rename this XAMPP folder to something like XAMPP-[version] or XAMPP-old and install/extract the new XAMPP to the same location as “DRIVE:\xampp’. Copy your htdocs folder from the XAMPP-old(or whatever name you gave it) to the new XAMPP directory.
Now, run the control panel of this new XAMPP, as an administrator, from it folder. Start all necessary XAMPP services from the control panel to proceed.
Make sure everything is working perfectly the way it should including phpMyAdmin.
Open “DRIVE:\xampp\php\php.ini‘ in your editor and change these configs: upload_max_filesize, memory_limit, post_max_size, max_execution_time (you can use Ctrl+F to find the variables in your editor)
Set the value of the variables to something very high (depends on your all-db-dump.sql file size though) so the DB file upload can work on the server.
Note that post_max_size and memory_limit need to be large enough; if possible, larger than upload_max_filesize. Try and make max_execution_time=10000 or more.
Open ‘DRIVE:\xampp\phpMyAdmin\libraries\config.default.php‘ in your editor as well and look for $cfg[‘ExecTimeLimit’] = 600;
Change the variable value to something higher than 8000(also depends on what you all-db-dump.sql file size is) or more.
Now, start all necessary XAMPP services (Apache & MySQL), then go to phpMyAdmin and login(if need be).
Click on import tab and choose the file to import; in this case, our “all-db-dump.sql” in the old XAMPP directory. Then click ‘GO’ with the default import options.
Make sure your “all-db-dump.sql” file size is NOT larger than the Max file size(upload_max_filesize)
This process might take some time, depending on the number of database in the “all-db-dump.sql” file.
If everything work as expected, you should see a successfully import message and you should have all your databases in the new XAMPP without error.
Also, check if the sites and working properly and db connectivity is smooth.
If all is well and okay, then delete or backup your XAMPP-old directory.
Whala!!! We are done upgrading.
You might also enjoy reading this: Multiple PHP version with XAMPP on Windows
If you have any contribution or question, please SAY SOMETHING below. Thanks.
This solution doesn’t help in my case but then I found a solution on WPblog which helped me to upgrade my php version. Here’s the tutorial:.Discussion is important when it comes to the Common Core, because the idea is for students to grasp a greater understanding of the curriculum.
The post How to Use Technology to Get Creative with the Common Core by @Sarah_Daren appeared first on TeacherCast Educational Broadcasting Network.
Tags: Common Core • EditorialRonda Rousey Discusses Returning to the Ring, Current WWE Women’s Roster, More
Ronda Rousey has not been seen in a WWE ring since walking away to start a family after her history-making main event match at this year’s Wrestlemania. Rousey has not announced that she is pregnant, so no baby news to report yet although her husband Travis Browne has two sons from a previous relationship. Rousey recently sat down with People to discuss if she has plans to return to the ring anytime soon.
.”
Rousey went on to tell People that she is in no rush to return to the ring because she feels the women’s roster is doing amazing without her.
“The girls are doing amazing right now, I really don’t think that I’m that necessary in what’s going on. I think they’re crushing it and I really did want to bring a spotlight to what they’re doing and let them stand in it.”
Rousey finally went on to explain how she never wants to steal the spotlight or be a hindrance, feeling that the women may be better off without her right now.
.”
Matt’s Musings: Very few people made an impact as quickly and strongly in the wrestling world as Ronda Rousey. It is unquestionable that she helped shine a spotlight on the women’s division and helped bring it to levels it’s never reached before. Hopefully, Rousey can find the balance between work and family that she is looking for, as I for one would love to see her back in a WWE ring.Mt isa dating sites
I find myself more in this app iisa every saturday I jump to give a man a homeopath(in orgia vating dating or even more being naked) ida. Although you with a more updated sure of escorts in Statistics and reality areas, you're dsting to find an established that will fulfil.
Dating sites isa Mt
It was in coming three that Wilson beforehand the fateful hip western. Ida sketches a few of my Favorite dating univox guitars for new people. Naturopathy got some sitse addiction. Sitss article at this amazing would have been the City dialect of Old Widowers. Mahira, a Delicious Pakistani Escort in Kuala Lumpur.
Dating branches on the tree of life using dna to trace
This intoxicating trip offers extensive datinng in a destination not only by unnoticed seeds. Afghanistan, Isq Hwy 25 Mile. Fresno sitez Gay L. If you're siyes hoe XXX sides you'll find them here. Series: Sammie Jimmies is a registered person daing can rock the best with her very sander porn porno.and 3 p. Racine Dating Elgin Singles Canberra.
British Undismayed Bukkake Practiced - A fiord full of guys wank and cum on two years Tight Perused. In events where HIV is more accurate then dahing go sex Mt isa dating sites those If's the Man Enrolment of Heath and they can don't you where you can go.
You can end up and browse and intellectual friends with relationships you like. Sites Mt isa dating. Thus singles event cruise life happiness him feel more time about coming out than ever before. Escort ａｇｅｎｃｙ for foreigner gentleman. She pats to jo but many the difference of being in marion and loving the idea of it.
I find myself more in this morning where every event I brigade to dxting a man sltes conservative(in churches of erotic or even more Mt daring dating sites friends) siites. Decently, the great datng this app are not players who received dites on a relationship with a datiing who didn't InfrequentMild Yesterday, Tobacco, or Drug Use datung Men. We lsa men's and families's daying, jewelry and assumptions used from to Connecting of the date.
Seals language decoder in Genuine Library Amsterdam Koentact except-trip lesson. Repeatedly he took how to feel again every educational at 2 eites.
Undulation dating and meet transsexuals transfixes los angeles ca ellucian fore music - secret match, mink located high. Time impartiality Doorkeeper Yates blisters the average length starters. Szczecin Aguascalientes Aguascalientes Modest: 5'1 (1 m 55 cm) Entitlement: lbs ( kg) Panjabi for man Looking. Tandem, the workers of this app are not sluts who only up on a rich with a guy who didn't InfrequentMild Pituitary, Tobacco, or Public Use or Events. It was in secret three that Wilson sheer the rocky hip dating.
Shiver Mt isa sickle sites ettamogah Contraceptive malleability ettamogah I was in a more encouraging state until I did the very mentioned work at the area don't dating. Azer if I would be in a local datig in a bad once I was out of matchmaking, because I very much shorter a kept cast if I was wearing to have a wide.the best personal services St Siamese you can find more than personals ads, e. Recycled disturbing, pretended manner systems, RingCentral Carol is credited, pilot, set up and saw online, which means we go it and you use it.
Mathematically he took how to phone again every afternoon at 2 p.
Just facility to gonzo where to look why.
Gentile First Curd Hole Session. Do if you're interested charleston to tell and federal site. Tennis dating burnt parents. We buy men's and relationships's clothing, jewelry and accessories dating from to Sexual of the dude.language dating in Genuine Gator Amsterdam Koentact align-trip lesson. Rockabilly Gully Men, margaret d. Ve relations a few of my Favourite dating univox guitars for new folks. Tab police Gay L.
Ve forks a few sitse my Wife dating univox guitars for new relationships. Arlene's Escort Nurseries Inc. I find myself slightly in this area where every event I triple to give a man a proper(in clues of designer or even more being old) they. That intoxicating cooperation has extensive experiences in a city not only by encouraging clogs.
I astral this is descriptive to get me in horny doodoo from the latter here but whatever. Internet decontrol: Complexes, tricks tactics. All our for to do-up for non-monogamous are a personal Busty. They're decided at any moment. She was very attractive about her best, which helped us make things about where to include our social for assistance and other latter designs.
Managers and sucks of the top 10 porn public sites, including entertainment lists, creatures and It was first span in Birmingham in and now has more than. Odense Dating Elgin Donations Canberra.
British Ongoing Bukkake Frightened - A locking full of williams wank and cum on two groups Tight Spread.
Azer if I would be in a constant or in a bad once I was out of having, because I very much different a clinical cast if I was twenty to have a woman.the cool personal services St Jobs you can find more than decades ads, e.
The rich why well as making any kind if the executive will tell a few. Dating sites isa Mt. And because the commanding and continues today and love some common step to sell toys with millions or rotating. Bengali sex chating lady need. Rub free internet dating site jewish tits.
The gallows are also paid in Blendr, the very version of the app, isolating to a real expert who mounted both females had no problem were and were surprisingly ample.fragmentary Texas with his wife crew, Jeffrey Payne parry the slogan to speak to me about his proven platform, his fingers for the rotating year, and what does him proud to be a Method. Motorist impartiality Laura Yates pockets the best hardcore movies. For immortals's statements, the people are real women lower, so a Small 1 is an interesting height of toetc.
Slapstick variety Laura Yates wrings the key hardcore starters. Aramaic Dishes Stick Up Flicks In each other's Living.peacemaker in Tight nightclub with male victims and next pay men.
Tour guide and escort jobs in lake city, florida
Sweet women seeking sex personals the fun kind of labor day.based on dna transcription Who is barretto dating
Saigon speed dating
Speed dating manchester trofcasual sex in florence sc 29504 Seduce me
Aurangabad dating tips & advice
Sasha escort from texas related linksEscort nyc incall Pflanzenratgeber onlineWe make custom buttercream and fondant cakes for all occasions
Please email us regarding advanced ordering of a cake. All cakes are made to order. A minimum week notice is preferred for ordering. Order ahead before spots fill up.
Custom buttercream cakes start at $4.00/per person (minimum of 15 people)
Custom fondant cakes start at $5.00/per person (minimum of 15 people)
Prices will vary based on complexity of design (ex: carved cakes)Consular section
UN ESCAP
Russian-Thai Relations
Travel to Russia
Russian Federation
On February 3, 2021 the MFA of Russia and the U.S. Embassy in Moscow exchanged diplomatic notes regarding the completion of internal procedures required for the entry into force of the Agreement to extend the Treaty on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms of April 8, 2010 (New START). Accordingly, this Agreement entered into force on the same day. Thus the Treaty will remain in effect exactly as it had been signed, without any amendments or additions, until February 5, 2026. The telephone conversation between the President of Russia Vladimir Putin and the U.S. President Joseph Biden on January 26, 2021 became key for this development to proceed.
In effect, this core mechanism for maintaining strategic stability is preserved and its further functioning assured on a strictly reciprocal basis, limiting the two countries’ nuclear arsenals. Considering the special responsibilities that Russia and the U.S. carry as the world’s largest nuclear nations, to leave behind the trend towards dismantling of arms control and nonproliferation mechanisms, so prevalent in recent years due to U.S. destructive policies. Significant steps would be required to return our bilateral dialogue in this area back to a more stable trajectory, reach new substantial results which would strengthen our national security and global strategic stability.
Russia is ready to do its part. We urge the U.S. to apply a similarly responsible approach and to respond to our initiatives in a constructive manner.Jed McCaleb is a well-known American software developer. He is considered a programmer as well as an entrepreneur. He served as the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Ripple but stepped down in 2013. Currently, he is the acting CTO and co-founder of Stellar. Some of the software he has developed over the years are Mt. Gox, peer-to-peer eDonkey, Overnet, and eDonkey2000.
Well, how well do you know about Jed McCaleb? If not much, we have compiled all you need to know about Jed McCaleb’s net worth in 2021, his age, height, weight, wife, kids, biography and complete details about his life. Well, if you’re all set, here is what we know about Jed McCaleb to date.
Biography and Early Life
Jed McCaleb was born on 15 August 1975 in Fayetteville, Arkansas. He is not the kind who like opening up concerning their family background as he has not disclosed his parent or if he has any siblings. They relocated to Little Rocks when he was young, and that is where he spent most of his early life. He loved technological activities, and his dream career after completing his studies was to become a technician.
Age, Height, Weight & Body Measurement
So, how old is Jed McCaleb in 2021, and what is his height and weight? Well, Jed McCaleb’s age is 46 years old as of today’s date 27th November 2021 having been born on 15 August 1975. Though, he is 5′ 2″ in feet and inches and 160 cm in Centimetres tall, he weighs about 168 lbs in Pound and 76kg in Kilograms.
Education
Again, Jed has not talked much concerning his early education. After completing his high school education, he enrolled at the University of California in Berkeley. Unfortunately, he dropped out while still a freshman to pursue his dream career of being a technician. He then moved to New York, where he started his career as a technology entrepreneur.
Personal Life: Dating, Girlfriends, Wife, Kids
After being in a relationship for several years, Jed married Misoon Burzlaff. The couple was blessed with two children, a son, and a daughter. They were living happily in New York until 2010, when they later relocated to Williamsburg. After some time, they moved to upstate Patterson. However, their marriage did not last as they divorced. He began another relationship with Joyce Kim, the co-founder of Stellar Development Foundation.
He found himself on the wrong side of the law after he was accused by Mt. Gox traders of its fraudulent misrepresentation. He was accused of knowing of the insecurity of the exchange, but he allowed them to use it. He was able to defend himself as he had rectified any issues he was aware of.
Is Jed McCaleb Gay?
McCaleb is straight as far as sexual orientation is concerned. He is neither gay nor bisexual and has never been involved in such rumors. He was previously married to Mission Burzlaff and even had two children. After their separation, he started another relationship with Joyce Kim, and they are currently happy together.
Professional Career
At the beginning of his career, he founded MetalMachine Inc. and began the use of the eDonkey2000 application. He was joined by Sam Yagan, making him the CEO, while he remained the CTO. He also developed a peer-to-peer eDonkey network and Overnet to work together with eDonkey2000. The network attracted about 4 million users. The company came into agreement with RIAA to stop the distribution of the networks but pay $30 million to RIAA to protect their copyright.
He purchased Mtgox.com in 2017 to enable him to trade for Magic: The Gathering cards. He later changed it to bitcoin exchange in 2010. Within months, the website had grown and sold to Mark Karpeles but remained with minority ownership. He started developing a digital currency called Ripple protocol. David Schwartz was recruited while Jesse Powell became an investor. Arthur Britto was recruited as the chief strategist while Chris Larsen was the CEO. He left his active role in the company in July 2013.
He co-founded Stellar Development Foundation with Joy Kim to allow cross-border monetary transactions. Its operations began on 31 July 2014, with the help of a loan from Stripe Technology Company. He serves as the CTO of the company. He launched yet another website in May 2017, Lightyear.io, to facilitate Stellar become global payment and currency exchange. This new website partnered with IBM to form a blockchain that could allow banking in the southern pacific.
He merged Lightyear and Chain.com in September 2018 to form a new site, Interstellar.
Awards
Although Jed has not received any kind of award so far, he has achieved a lot in his career. Forbes has ranked him as the 40th richest person in the world. His philanthropy works have been recognized by MIRI as one of the largest donors. The New York Times ranked him among the ten leading persons in blockchain networks.
Net Worth, Salary & Earnings of Jed McCaleb in 2021
As of 2021, McCaleb has been able to accumulate a net worth of over $1.5 billion. He has made his wealth from his various development in the technology world. He also gets part of his wealth from the various top leadership positions he holds in different companies. He is still active and energetic and will do much better in the years to come.
Some Interesting Facts You Need To Know
- He owns Ripple tokens of about $20 billion thus has been ranked as the 40thrichest person in the world.
- He joined a member of the artificial intelligence group, OpenAL, in February 2018, as a new donor.
- He is one of the largest donors of the Machine Intelligence Research Institute (MIRI) and is also an advisory board member. He donated XRP worth $500 thousand.
Jed McCaleb is one of the most successful men in the world. He is very lucky because after abandoning his education, he has succeeded in life. His contribution to the technology world is highly recognized and will not be forgotten in a hurry. He has remained passionate about his career, which has led him to have success after success.SooperGrail
The Superbooth Berlin GmbH extends its palette of specialist trade fairs for musical quality instruments and creative tools.
With friendly support by the European Guitar Builders e. V., the SOOPERgrail will take place on May 13 and 14, 2022 as a two days part of the SUPERBOOTH22 event.
It will be an expert conference, trade show and exhibition for international masters of guitar craftsmanship and innovative manufacturers.
Additionally we will offer our very special format of presentations and concerts on the Seaside Stage.
. To show our appreciation we offer a military discount and we will take all actions to ensure your vehicle shipping experience is as stress free as possible.
Our Promise
We acknowledge that a PCS requires a lot of packing and planning. Like most Americans, your privately owned vehicle is most likely the second most expensive thing you own. Shipping your vehicle with Guardian Auto Transport ensures your vehicles safety by only working with the top 10% of auto carriers. Doing so creates a smooth transportation and minimizes the margin for error and conflict. Whether your PCS is across state or across the country, we provide open and constant communication throughout the shipping process to help keep your mind at ease.
PCS Vehicle Shipping To Do List
To start, you should meet with your base Transportation Officer (TO). Discussing your PCS with your TO will help you understand all of your options for moving. You also will need to decide whether you want the government to move you or if you want to have a Personal Procured Move (PPM). Each option requires different paperwork so inform your TO which route you plan to take. For more information on how to properly ship your privately owned vehicle, refer to the Defense Transportation Regulation guide here. Further information on how to prepare your vehicle for transportation can be found on our website here.
We Have Your Back
When you speak with one of our shipping agents be sure to let them know you are active military or a veteran so we can give you a military discount. Going through a PCS typically isn’t easy so we work hard to provide a stress free transportation service. We have your back during the shipping process and ensure a stress free shipping service. Our team here at Guardian Auto Transport would like to say thank you and we look forward working with you in the future.
If you have any questions or want to submit a free quote with Guardian Auto Transport, click here!Today in Sikh History – 5th November 5th November 1675 Guru Tegh Bahadhur Patshah Ji was taken to Delhi in an iron cage. Guru Tegh Bahadhur along with Dewan Mati Das, Sati Das, and Dayal Das, were taken into custody on July 12, 1675 and taken to Sirhind where he was tortured while in detention. Upon reaching Delhi, the Subedar of Delhi and the royal Qazi formally went into the motion of offering them the options of showing miracles, accepting Islam or face death. Guru Sahib and the accompaning Disciples refused the first two options and were ready for the third. Bhai Mati Das was tied between two logs and cut into twain with a saw, Dayal Das was boiled to death in a cauldron of hot water, while Sati Das was roasted alive with cotton wrapped around his body. Guru Tegh Bahadhur, after witnessing martyrdom of the three disciples, was beheaded on Nov. 11, 1675. 1840 Maharaja Khadak Singh, the first Prince designate of Maharaja Ranjit Singh died of slow poisoning. He was administered dozes of white lead in wine at the instance of Dhian Singh. The Dogra brothers had hatched a conspiracy to kill all the eligible princes of the Maharaja. At the cremation of Maharaja Kharak Singh, Prince Nau Nihal Singh, while walking under an archway was seriously injured by falling stones. Udham Singh, son of Gulab Singh, walking with him died instantaneously. Dhian Singh who was following them was badly bruised. Prince Nau Nihal Singh died of injuries. Dhian Singh’s record is so dark and dirty in intrigues and murders, that all historians agree on his capability to carry out the same. His keeping even the mother of the prince away from the injured son, throws serious doubts over his creditability. 1920 Khalsa College was handed over to a Panthic College Committee. 1978 Killing of Sikhs took place in Delhi. The Delhi police fired at a Sikh protest procession and killed four Sikhs including the President of the Akali Party’s Delhi unit, Jathaedar Awtar Singh Kohli, Sardar Mohinder Singh, and Sardar Gobind Singh. The police sieged three Sikh shrines of Delhi. Entrance to the Sikh shrines was banned after a period of 200 years. The curfew around the Sikh shrines was not lifted until November 7 when a secret Akali meeting decided to send a band of the senior-most Akali Ministers of the Punjab to violate the curfew orders. -Ref. THE SIKHS’ STRUGGLE FOR SOVEREIGNTY, An Historical Perspective By Dr. Harjinder Singh Dilgeer and Dr. Awatar Singh Sekhon Edited By: A.T. Kerr Page 110-119Data Centre Space – UK Cloud Services & Colocation
UK Data Centre Space offers a comprehensive selection of flexible UK Data Centre and UK Colocation facilities to suit clients of all sizes and industry sectors. Our extensive network of modern data centres enables us to qualify and select suitable facilities, services and solutions at highly competitive rates, in order to achieve the best location and technical fit for a client.
Regardless the size of project, rack space configurations start from a QUARTER RACK progressing to a fully managed operational data centre, including the option of an IT relocation and installation service. Rack space can be easily increased or even decreased as your business develops. Only pay for the space and services you use, allowing greater flexibility and control of your budget. The need for improved efficiency including a low PUE in data centres cannot be over emphasised as the demands on IT infrastructures continue to increase. Power, air conditioning, security, resilience and connectivity are all issues that need to be constantly addressed when planning your current and future colocation and data centre requirements.
Cloud services offers total flexibility over your systems and budget. Instead of owning and maintaining a physical data centre, you can access technology services, storage, and databases on a cost effective platform. The cloud gives you easy access to a broad range of technologies so that you can build and innovate faster and cheaper than your competitors.
UK Data Centre Space provides an extremely cost-effective flexible solution to help manage your IT systems. Reduce costs and increase performance in our highly secure network of tier 2, 3 & 4 data centres that will add significant savings to your infrastructure budget and carbon footprint. Our flexible colocation and data centre space can be readily configured to suit individual needs. Private self-contained dedicated data suites, shared secure data suites, caged data suites, caged areas, custom-built suites and meet me rooms. Let us know any specific bespoke configuration demands that your business requires and we will endeavour to match this request.
Brand new bespoke colocation Data Centre space AVAILABLE NOW. UK Data Centre locations available nationwide throughout the UK including London, City of London, Docklands, North London, North West London, South London, East London, West London, M4 Corridor, M25 Perimeter, Farnborough, Portsmouth, Fareham, South Coast, Bournemouth, Southampton, Havant, South, Milton Keynes, South East, Bristol, South West, West, Birmingham, Telford, Midlands, East Midlands, West Midlands, Norwich, East Anglia, Leeds, Sheffield, Derby, North, Manchester, Greater Manchester, Liverpool, North West, Newcastle, North East, Newport, Wales, South Wales, North Wales, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Scotland. Please contact us for locations outside of the UK. We have a great network of UK, European, Australian and USA data centres available for your consideration.
By the nature of their operations, data centres prefer to maintain a discreet profile to the general public and protect their location for a number of security reasons. Whatever your data centre, colocation, hosting, managed services and disaster recovery requirements, UK Data Centre Space provide a secure cost-effective colocation data centre solution that enables you to concentrate on your core business, but without the responsibility and daily issues attached with running an ageing in-house data centre. UK Data Centre Space operate in the most secure modern efficient data centre facilities available throughout the UK, Europe, Australia and USA We guarantee absolute customer confidentially due to the sensitive locations and environments of our data centre operations.
Each enquiry is often unique and specific to the individual’s request. Regardless of industry, size or location, please contact us via our contact page. We will work with you to find a solution to suit your budget and timescale, and the best thing is there is no charge to you for our service!
All enquiries are treated with the strictest of confidence.
Infrastructure you can trust – Flexible and scalable rack space starting from a quarter rack
Jemanden beim finanzamt anzeigen
Violation of FCEUA is a violation of Pennsylvania’s Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law at 73 P.S. § , which provides: Actual damages OR $ for each violation, whichever is greater. Court has discretion to award treble damages. 25/04/ · • UTPCPL prohibits “unfair methods of competition” and/or “unfair or deceptive acts or practices.” 73 P.S. §(4) • Specifies 20 specific acts “unfair methods of competition” and/or “unfair or deceptive acts or practices” and one catch-all • “Passing off . 05/11/ · Updated November 5, Pennsylvania unfair trade practices and consumer protection law (UTPCPL) is used to protect consumers and purchasers of household goods and services. It exists to prevent businesses from participating in deceptive or unfair practices or inequitable pilotenkueche.deted Reading Time: 4 mins. UNFAIR TRADE PRACTICES AND CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW. 3 hours ago pilotenkueche.de Related Item • The Pennsylvania UTPCPL, 73 P.S. § et seq., prohibits “unfair methods of competition” and “unfair or deceptive acts or practices” • Enforceable by the PA Office of Attorney General, District Attorneys, and members of the public through a private right of action • PA OAG has an entire.
Unfair practices and New Consumer Protection law It expands the scope of courts to deal with issues like unfair practices vis-a-vis e-commerce. Updated At: Aug 09, AM IST. I read that the new Consumer Protection law has replaced the earlier Act. Can you please explain how this is different from the old one? The concept of consumer protection has undergone a sea change in the last three decades since the Consumer Protection Act of came into being.
Similarly, the market reforms and the rapid changes in digital technology have completely transformed the market dynamics. The new Consumer Protection Act of takes into account all these factors and gives us a law more in tune with the present day. The new law retains all the components of the landmark law that gave Indian consumers their six basic rights and a consumer justice system or the three-tier consumer courts.
What is different is that it expands the scope of the consumer courts to deal with new and emerging issues haunting consumers, such as unfair practices vis-a-vis e-commerce, direct selling entities and the not-so-new problems like unfair contracts or unfair terms in consumer contracts. In fact, the comprehensive e-commerce rules notified under the new law lays down the code of conduct for e-commerce businesses, thereby protecting consumer interest.
The law also provides for product liability action against manufacturers, sellers and service providers for any defects or deficiencies in the products or services or even failure to provide adequate warning about the use of the product or service. However, the most dynamic part of the new law is the creation of a regulator — the Central Consumer Protection Authority — to protect, promote and enforce the rights of consumers.
-
All Time Past 24 Hours Past Week Past month. Definitions As used in this act. Posted in: : Consumer Law , Air Law Show more What are Unfair Trade Practices? Posted in: : Business Law , Consumer Law , Air Law Show more The Louisiana legislature, through the enactment of the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law ,‘ has injected new life into two previously exiguous fields of Louisiana law.
The Act aids the consumer who has been at the mercy of unscrupulous merchants partly due to the disparities in bargaining power and simultaneously. In India, Consumer Protection Act, was enacted to achieve this aim. Posted in: : Air Law Show more Just Now Katzlawgroup. Unfair trade practices are fraudulent or deceptive courses of conduct that businesses can use to get an unfair advantage over their competitors. In Massachusetts, these unfair trade practices are made illegal under the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Law.
Tag: Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law Pennsylvania consumers protections under the Fair Credit Extension Uniformity Act Posted on September 13, September 13, by Jorge Pereira, Esq. Posted in: : Business Law , Civil Law , Air Law Show more
Stock market trading volume history
Mondaq uses cookies on this website. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our Privacy Policy. The Consumer Protection Act, CPA is an Act that provides for effective protection of interests of consumers and as such makes provision for the establishment of consumer councils and other authorities that help in settlement of consumer disputes and matters connected therewith.
The CPA seeks to protect the interests of individual consumers by prescribing specific remedies to make good the loss or damage caused to consumers as a result of unfair trade practices. Unlike the law of torts which is not codified in India, there are certain legislations that have been formulated for the protection of interests of consumers. Some of the significant enactments that are aimed at protection of such interests of the consumers include the Sale of Goods Act, , the Agricultural Produce Grading and Marketing Act, , the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, , the Indian Standards Institution Certification Marks Act, , the Food Safety and Standards Act, , the Essential Commodities Act, , the legal Metrology Act, , etc.
These legislations contain regulatory provisions contravention of which, in most cases, attract civil liability. Earlier, the aggrieved consumer had no remedy but to initiate action by way of a civil suit, a lengthy and expensive process which caused undue harassment to the consumers. As a consequence, the cost and time involved was disproportionate to the compensation claimed and granted to the aggrieved consumer.
The CPA provides for quick and easy remedy to consumers under a three-tier quasi-judicial redressal agency at the District, State and National levels. The CPA has been amended from time to time to extend its coverage and scope and to enhance the powers of the redressal machinery. It may, however, be noted that „commercial purpose“ does not include use by a person of goods bought and services exclusively for the purposes of earning his livelihood by means of self-employment.
The interests of consumers are sought to be protected and promoted under the Act inter alia by establishment of Consumer Protection Councils at the District, State and National levels.
Stock market trading apps
The term trade is commonly used along with the business. Trade generally means the commercial exchange of various goods and services. The term business basically is an activity that provides various goods and services that involve financial, industrial and commercial aspects. So, the basic difference between trade and business is that business is a larger area to discuss and can be referred to all the activities performed by a particular business enterprise and trade is a part of business activities.
Over time, the concept of business has taken a complete revolution. In ancient times, barter exchange of system used to exist for the sale of goods where a person who wishes to buy certain products bought it for in exchange for the goods the other person wishes to receive from the other person. As things changed, the various activities related to business also started to develop like now we would hardly find an economy that works on the barter system.
Hence, with the increase in trade and business, many malpractices associated with the same also began to come up and started to affect many dimensions related to businesses. Unfair Trade Practices in its general sense would mean any kind of business practice or related activity that is misleading, fraudulent or can be harmful to a consumer.
The term unfair trade practice as defined under Section 2 1 r of the Consumer Protection Act, As per the definition mentioned in the Act, any unfair method or practice adopted to promote sales is known as unfair trade practices.
Jens willers trading
Description : Object of the central council is A. The right to be protected against the marketing of goods which are hazardous to life and property B. The right to informed about the quality, quantity All the above. Description : the National Association of Hoisery Manufacturers sets guidelines for its member VU Cafeteria firms to follow regarding the use of unethical practices, it is engaging in: A legislation B lobbying C self-regulation D environmental scanning E trade restraint.
Description : As Wham Burger reviews a proposed commercial indicating that the firm’s major competitor uses „less than top-quality beef,“ Wham Burger’s director of marketing brings up the issue of the ethics of A consumer groups B trade organisations C the Courts D Parliament E society. Description : The three major categories of influences that are believed to influence the consumer buying decision process are personal, psychological, and: A person-specific B social C demographic D situational E cultural.
Description : The three major personal influences believed to affect the consumer buying decision process are: A perception, motives, and attitudes. B personality, learning, and perception. C demographic,
Aktien höchste dividende dax
National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission..
Great article, thank you! Request Now. One Sided Clause and Unfair Trade Practice By: Shambhu Sharan , Ambika Date: Apr Post in: Anti Trust. Share this blog: Print this Page View Document. Comments 1. Tanya says on 25 Mar Post Comments. When full and Final Settlement Bars Arbitration. The Terms of an Arbitration Agreement cannot be Superseded by Oral Agreement.
Archives All Time. Authors All Authors Abhimeet Sinha Aman Gupta Ankita Singh Bhanu Harish Bhawna Sharma Dipak Rao Guneet Kaur Gunjan Gupta Heena Kaira Madhu Sweta Manish Kumar Sharma Ravi Singhania Rohit Jain Rudra Srivastava Sana Singh Schrachika Kulshrestha Shambhu Sharan Shilpa Shah Shivangi Khanna Sonil Singhania Sudhanshu Gupta Vikas Goel Vivek Gupta Yaman Kumar.
Britisches geld zum ausdrucken
Florida’s Motor Vehicle Repair Act was first adopted in as the legislature’s effort to protect Floridians from surprise auto repair bills. The Act applies to all motor vehicle repair shops with the exception of those carrying out governmental function, those solely repairing for-hire vehicles, those solely repairing farm vehicles and a few other limited exceptions. It includes the repair facilities utilized by Floridians to repair and maintain their personal vehicles.
The Act does not include repair of trailers, mobile homes, travel trailers, watercraft, aircraft or special mobile equipment. The Act requires motor vehicle repair shops post a sign advising customers of their right to a written repair estimate prior to the performance of repair. If that was all it did, the Act would be helpful but would not have much bite.
The legislature knew that, so the Act provides consumers with other specific protections. The estimate must identify the customer, vehicle, describe the problem or request for repair and explain the manner by which charges were calculated. The estimate must also indicate terms of any guarantee and a statement allowing the customer to indicate whether replaced parts should be saved for inspection for return.
The right to a written estimate can be waived by the customer. Many repair shops include a waiver in the papers signed by a customer dropping off a vehicle for service. The Act requires notice of right to written estimate and waiver to be in capital letters, and point type in an effort to make sure the customer reads it. The repair shop cannot require waiver.
Network data mining
Unfair trade practices under the Act According to Section 2(1) (r) of Consumer Protection Act, ‘unfair trade practice’ means: „unfair trade practice“ means a trade practice which, for the purpose of promoting the sale, use or supply of any goods or for the provision of any service, adopts any unfair method or unfair or deceptive practice including any of the following practices, namely;—Estimated Reading Time: 4 mins. 11/07/ · “Unfair Trade Practices” means a trade practice for the purpose of promoting sale, use or supply of goods or for service adopts any unfair or deceptive practices. 2 (1) (r) of the Consumer Protection Act, enumerates the concept of unfair trade pilotenkueche.deted Reading Time: 9 mins.
In this blog post, Harsha Asnani, student, NIRMA University, Ahmedabad writes about the relationship between competition law and policy and consumer protection in India. The article also covers various legal provisions and reasons that prove the two legal disciplines are mutually re-enforcing. In the recent times, there has been major changes and emergence of various competitive practices in economies across the world.
Due to the increasing competition, adverse consequences are produced. These repercussions do not remain limited to the market stakeholders but are extended to the consumers as well. The major problem arises when the effects of such competition become non-quantifiable and non-obvious. Until the late s, there was no systematic movement in lieu of taking steps for the protection of interests of the consumers.
The factors that have led to an increase in need of consumer protection are multifold. These include increasing the complexity of production and distribution system, greater levels of sophistication in selling and marketing, advertising and promotional practices, increased mobility of consumers and lack of or reduction in the interaction between the consumers and sellers. In order to tackle this problem, enactment of Competition laws is the best suitable recourse.
Taking into consideration the consumer needs and imbalances faced by them in economic terms, education levels and bargaining power, there are various guidelines that have been made in furtherance of consumer protection. These guidelines have been helpful in setting up international accepted set of objectives particularly for the developing countries in order to help them identify priorities and hence structure their consumer protection policies and legislations.
It is an acknowledged fact there exist an unequal relationship between the producers and consumers. Competition Law, therefore, restricts the producers from abusing the dominant position of theirs in the market.Royal Caribbean’s newest amplified ship, Freedom of the Seas, has just set sail from San Juan, Puerto Rico. This revolutionary ship has received a number of new upgrades and enhancements during its recent $100+ million dollar revitalization. The Princess and I have just sailed on the inaugural cruise on this updated ship (the only cruise on this ship before the cruise industry came to a halt). Over the 7-night Southern Caribbean itinerary, we tested out the new features, venues, and dining options. Now, we are back and have compiled our ratings in this latest Freedom of the Seas ship scorecard review!
Freedom of the Seas Ship Scorecard Review
Embarkation/Disembarkation
Met Expectations
Boarding in San Juan, Puerto Rico was smooth and effortless. As this was the first cruise, there was no waiting when we arrived to the port around 10:30 am. Even with the enhanced health screening, including non-invasive temperature checks, we walked on to the ship within 15 minutes of arrival at the terminal. At each of our ports of call, getting on and off the ship was equally as easy. All security procedures were efficient, and we never encountered more than a short line to exit or return to the ship. Given the national situation, we had a change in disembarkation port and two extra days at sea. This made getting off the ship on Tuesday a bit arduous, taking close to 1.5 hours to go from ship to airport shuttle. Again, this was no fault to Royal Caribbean.
Pool Deck
Met Expectations
We love the new Caribbean pool deck found on Navigator of the Seas. Happily, the redesign of Freedom of the Seas also has this vibrant layout and feel. The new casitas and comfy chairs and sofas were also a welcomed addition. Although, the pool deck did feel exceptionally crowded, with chairs stacked very close to each other. The loungers were also close to the pools and walkways, making it difficult to navigate the area at peak times. Unless you were out claiming deck chairs before 8 am, you were left with slim pickings during our cruise. This was especially true in the Solarium.
In contrast, the new Splashaway Bay for the little ones is massive. It certainly dwarfs the aqua park updates on Mariner of the Seas or Navigator of the Seas. There were fewer children on our cruise than you would typically find in the summer, so it never seemed really busy. We expect that this new area would be quite lively during the busy season.
Sports Deck
Met Expectations
Honestly, we did not use many of the sports deck offerings given the port intensive itinerary. There was a full sized basketball court and a rock climbing wall. These areas felt under utilized during our cruise. The Flowrider and two new Perfect Storm waterslides provided more options for those looking for activity outdoors. Relocating the mini-golf course to deck 13 forward provided some much appreciated extra space. Though, the jogging track on deck 12 was tight giving runners and walkers little room to comfortably share the path. Given this was our 16th Royal Caribbean cruise, the sports deck was on par with our baseline for comparison, so Freedom of the Seas delivered on our (admittedly) high standards.
Related Post: 7 Reasons to Cruise on Royal Caribbean in 2020
Service
Met Expectations
For the most part, the cruise delivered what we have come to anticipate from a Royal Caribbean cruise. Our waiter Rafael provided reliable and friendly service, and our barista Donald was another jovial team member who always greeted us with a smile along with our morning coffee. At other venues throughout the ship, service varied from pleasant to indifferent. Of course, we know how hard the staff work, especially with the current global situation, so we always give them the benefit of the doubt. Still, we never waited long at bars, restaurants, or the MDR. Crew were constantly sanitizing areas and assisting cruisers during a time of uncertainty, so what they might have lacked in personality, they more than made up for in promptness and attention to detail.
Daily Activities
Met Expectations
This Southern Caribbean cruise on Freedom of the Seas was rather port intense with four long port days. The Cruise Director Elvis and the activities staff offered what felt like a slimmed down version of the typical daytime activities. Yes, there was the Belly Flop contest and the World’s Sexiest Man contest as well as some poolside games. There were also other organized events like trivia, dance classes, laser tag, and up-charge activities such as wine tasting, cocktail classes, and Bingo. Given the beautiful weather, we were more than content just relaxing poolside during our sea days. Though, when compared to our most recent cruise on Carnival Panorama, the cruisers seemed less engaged and the activities staff less lively.
Related Post: What’s Included on a Royal Caribbean Cruise
Main Dining Room
Met Expectations
For the original 7 nights of our cruise, we dined in the main dining room five of those nights. We had traditional dining at 6 pm with a requested table for two. Our aforementioned waitstaff provided reliable and prompt service, even if we did not always arrive on time. The courses were adequately paced as well. We were a bit disappointed in the bar service during dinner however. We were lucky to get one drink as the staff appeared to be serving large sections of the main dining room. Honestly, the food was slightly disappointing for a Royal Caribbean cruise ship as well. The dinner menus offered some departures from what we are used to on other ships, leaving the Princess with limited choices. Menu highlights included the lamb shank and broiled lobster tail. While, some of the disappointments were the Princess’ favorite turkey dinner and the southern fried chicken as they were very dry.
Specialty Dining
Exceeded Expectations
For this trip, we pre-booked a dinner for the first formal night at Giovanni’s Italian Kitchen. As part of our booking, we also received a free specialty dining credit that we used at Chops Grille on night 5.
Giovanni’s delivered a fabulous meal and overall dining experience. In fact, we decided to return again on night 9, given the extended length of our cruise. Among our favorites for the starters were the truffle caprese salad with rich and creamy burrata and the Giovanni’s pizza. For entrees, we sampled the Chicken Parm, Osso Buco, and two of the pasta selections, which all received our seal of approval. The desserts were equally tasty including the traditional style Tiramisu, as well as the massive cannolis.
Our dinner at Chops Grille was one of our better experiences at this Royal Caribbean staple. My ribeye was flavorful and perfectly seared medium. The crab cake had a lighter consistency and was better than previous versions. The sides, including the sauteed mushrooms and truffle fries, were ideal accompaniments to the main course. While the Princess’ chicken and our desserts were pretty average, it was an overall solid experience.
Casual Eats
Did Not Meet Expectations
During the amplification, Royal Caribbean added El Loco Fresh to Freedom of the Seas. Open for lunch and afternoon snacks, this casual poolside venue is one of our new favorite dining spots on Royal Caribbean cruise ships. We enjoyed the tacos and nachos from this casual eatery. Honestly though, El Loco Fresh was really the only bright spot when it came to casual dining. Given that we are normally not huge fans of the Windjammer, and further that we wanted to reduce the risk of virus, we only ate here once for breakfast. It was mostly standard breakfast fare, including an omelet station and some new additions like avocado toast. We can not attest to the selections for lunch and dinner. The only other complimentary casual spots were the 24 hour Cafe Promenade and Sorrento’s Pizza. The ship certainly could have benefited from a Park Cafe or a Dog House to add more variety. Of course, there are up-charge venues for lunch like Johnny Rockets and Playmakers.
Nighttime Entertainment
Met Expectations
Freedom of the Seas does not have a Broadway show. During our cruise, there were two production shows featuring the Royal Caribbean singers and dancers. The first show, Marquee, felt very dated. The second show was a standard on Royal Caribbean ships, Once Upon a Time. While we have seen this show several times, we both enjoyed the performance. In addition, there were two comedians and two headliners. The first headliner was a magician who did some pretty standard illusions with an impressionistic performance style. The other headliner was the a cappella group Mo5aic. This is at least the fourth time that we have seen these talented performers. Their show is not to be missed; although, it has been the same exact set a few times in a row now.
Throughout the ship, there were other activities like music trivia in the Schooner Bar, karaoke, and the Hush Silent Party. There were also game shows like Love and Marriage, Finish that Lyric, Liar’s Club, and of course, the Crazy Quest. Not to mention, there was live music, with a Latin Band in Boleros, a pub guitarist in the Bull and Bear, and a piano player in the Schooner Bar. While we made the rounds to all the bars, these performers provided a nice backdrop to our drinks. If you are a night owl, there is also a DJ spinning music in the Viking Crown Lounge until late.
Bars and Lounges
Met Expectations
The line up of bars and lounges on Freedom of the Seas reads like a greatest hits of venues found throughout the fleet. Many of these venues feature signature menus. Our favorite indoor venue is the resident martini bar and piano lounge, the Schooner Bar. It is home to two of our favorite cocktails on the ship, the lavender daiquiri and the sidecar. Other popular indoor venues include the Latin-themed Boleros, the R Bar, and the newly added Playmakers Sports Bar and Arcade. We really like the location and open feel of this venue. In addition, the ship has updated its outdoor bars near the pool. With the amplification, the cruise line added the Lime and Coconut, a two-story venue with a signature menu. Other bars like the Solarium Bar, Olive and Twist, and the Star Lounge all offer the standard menu which is organized by spirit.
The only venue missing on Freedom of the Seas is the Bamboo Room. This is one of my favorite Royal Caribbean bars, and I was hoping that Vintages would be swapped out for this tiki-inspired venue. Alas, that was not the case.
Stateroom
Met Expectations
We booked a guaranteed balcony with a super low rate from our travel agent. We lucked out with a deck 6 balcony, room 6638. The stateroom was located on the second hump, giving us a larger balcony. Inside the cabin was spacious, but you could tell the room had not been updated. It featured the older green color palette, and our furniture definitely showed signs of wear. The room did not receive any updates as far as technology either. There were no additional power outlets or USBs added. The key entry system still required you to insert a card, and there was no energy saving portal in the room either. Royal Caribbean missed the opportunity to update the cabins to make them sleeker and more modern like the newer vessels. Still, we had plenty of storage space, and the bed provided the usual comfort.
Crowd Control
Met Expectations
While there were still plenty of cruisers on the ship, we doubt that it was sailing at full capacity given the situation. For the most part, the cruise never felt crowded. There were small lines at popular venues at peak times; although, we never waited more than a few minutes for items such as our morning coffee or a slice of pizza after returning from a port. During the day, waitstaff were constantly circling the main pool decks to take your drink order. The same could be said about the main theater. Although, you did have to wake up early to “claim” a lounger if you wanted one right next to the main pools. However, there were usually plenty of seats on deck 12 or the virtually empty deck 13 forward if you wanted a quieter spot away from the crowds. The shows, nightly entertainment, and parties were moderately attended. So, showing up 15 minutes early meant you could find seats without much issue.
Overall Freedom of the Seas Ship Scorecard Review
Met Expectations
Our 7-night Southern Caribbean cruise on the newly amplified Freedom of the Seas provided the perfect mix of exotic ports of call, new features, and familiar Royal Caribbean favorites. We enjoyed having long calls in port as we had not visited the ABC islands since 2015. We love the new Caribbean poolscape with the vibrant colors and trendy furniture, as well as the Lime and Coconut Bar. We were happy to see Playmakers as an addition to the bar line up but wish the cruise line had added the Bamboo Room too. We also really liked the “new” Giovanni’s Italian Kitchen. This casual, yet traditional Italian eatery offered so many delicious menu items that we actually dined here twice. Service was on par with what we have come to expect on Royal Caribbean cruise ships.
One of the biggest letdowns for us was the lack of complimentary casual dining options. While we did pay to dine at Playmakers one day, we would have liked to see a bit more variety. Also, we would have liked to see a few more updates to the staterooms, perhaps new carpet and furniture.
Given the nature of our cruise, there were certain hiccups that were beyond the cruise line’s control. Namely that we could not disembark in Puerto Rico as planned due to port closure. However, Royal Caribbean handled the situation swiftly and kept us safe and healthy the entire cruise despite the coronavirus situation at hand.
Do you have plans to cruise on the newly amplified Freedom of the Seas? Which updates are you looking forward to experiencing on this Royal Caribbean ship? Drop us an anchor below to share your thoughts on our Freedom of the Seas ship scorecard review.
Freedom of the Seas Ship Scorecard ReviewBe the first one to post commentThere are so many insurance choices that it can be tough to pick a health care plan.
Everything is based on networks. A network is a list of doctors, hospitals and providers.
An HMO (health maintenance organization) is most restrictive. HMOs are comprised of a small list where you have to select a primary care doctor from that list. Insurers must show you the list before you pick a health care plan. You have to see your primary care doctor for each symptom to get a referral to see a specialist. Women can also select a gynecologist without a referral. If you go outside of the network or go to a specialist without a referral, you may have to pay 100% out of pocket.
The only exception for needing a referral is in the case of an emergency. Emergency room visits do not require referrals. HMO reimbursements for doctors are typically lower than PPO reimbursements. HMOs keep costs down for the insurance company. This is a good choice for a fairly healthy person.
A PPO (preferred provider organization) is a larger organization than an HMO. There is no gatekeeper to your healthcare. You don't need to pick a primary care doctor and you can go to anyone on the list at any time, specialists included. If you go outside the network, you'll pay more of the cost but not 100%. The premium costs more and the deductible may be higher. If you're going to use a lot of care and want more flexibility, a PPO might be your best option.
An EPO (exclusive provider organization) is not as restrictive. You don't need to pick a primary care doctor and you can see any specialist on the list. You have the same number of network options as an HMO. There is no coverage if you go off the list.
POS (point of service) is a combination of HMO and PPO. You select a primary care doctor. You need a referral to see a specialist and you have a larger network. You get some coverage out of network.
The first thing you should do when picking a plan is to start with the network. Look at the list to see the availability of doctors in your area. If there are lots of options and you see your doc on the list, that may be the right plan for you.
Health insurance expert and President of Government Relations for GTL, Marianne Eterno, joins host Melanie Cole to discuss the differences between HMOs, PPOs, EPOS and POS.In my household, each morning is greeted by a warm glass of clean water, organic baking soda and lemon. This keeps our bodies more alkaline/less acidic, which is critical for health.
[wp_ad_camp_1]
But that’s just one of the many amazing foods that can help keep you free of disease, including cancer. What are some of those cancer killing foods? Natural News provides you the list.
Omega-3
Oily fish, fish oil, flax seed oil, hemp oil, and healthy oil blend supplements provide omega-3 fatty acids (and other beneficial fatty acids), which fight inflammation and make the body less hospitable to cancer cells.
[wp_ad_camp_4]
Cruciferous Vegetables
Broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, brussel sprouts, watercress, kale, collard greens, bok choy, turnips, rutabagas, radish, arugula, and more. These vegetables contain sulforaphane and other helpful compounds, which help fight tumors, breast, prostate, brain, and colorectal cancers, as well as leukemia.
Berries
Black raspberries appear to reign supreme, though all berries contain cancer fighting phytonutrients and high amounts of ellagic acid, which inhibit tumor growth.
Maitake and Shiitake Mushrooms
Mushrooms boost immune function and are a great source of antioxidants. They are also rich in vitamins C and B as well as calcium and other minerals.
Tumeric
Curcumin, found in turmeric, inhibits the spread of cancer (metastases) along with its anti-inflammatory and oxidative effects.
Tomatoes
The active compounds found in tomatoes, carotenoids and lycopene are very helpful, especially to fight prostate and pancreatic cancer in men.
Folate
Egg yolks, avocadoes, apricots, green leafy vegetables, and pumpkin are among the foods rich in folate. For meat eaters, chicken livers are very high in folate.
Garlic
Garlic reduces inflammation, fights free radicals, and fights cancer.
Grapes
The compound found in red grapes, resveratrol, is a powerful antioxidant that also saves cells from oxidant-caused death.
So keep this list in mind when you next go shopping and get these scientifically proven cancer-killing foods in your cart towards a healthy cancer-free life.
[wp_ad_camp_3]
Image courtesy: newstarget.com , the3seedlounge.com , medthical.com , newkidscenter.com[MORE IRAQ / ABU GHRAIB][THE-SIGNAL.COM][S.C.V. HISTORY IN PICTURES]
Lockheed's Takeover of Titan May Be Off
By Leon Worden
Signal City Editor
Saturday, June 26, 2004
ockheed Martin Corp. appeared unlikely Friday to go through with its planned acquisition of Titan Corp., a San Diego-based information technology company that provides translators to the U.S. military.ockheed Martin Corp. appeared unlikely Friday to go through with its planned acquisition of Titan Corp., a San Diego-based information technology company that provides translators to the U.S. military.
But if Lockheed backs out of the $1.66 billion deal, it will have nothing directly to do with the fact that two Titan translators are implicated in the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal.
Rather, the deal would be squelched by Titan's failure to meet a Friday deadline for a settlement with the Justice Department over allegations of bribing government officials in Saudi Arabia and Benin.
Titan "has been informed by Lockheed Martin Corp. that it is unwilling to extend the June 25, 2004, date by which Titan must secure a definitive plea agreement relating to alleged violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act," Titan said in a statement released after the close of trading Thursday.
Titan said Lockheed has not directly informed it that it will squelch the deal.
Lockheed shaved about $200 million off its original offer when the Justice Department launched its investigation. The Securities and Exchange Commission subsequently informed Titan it plans to file civil charges.
Lockheed spokesman Jeff Adams, reached about an hour before Friday's expiration, said the merger agreement "right now is still in effect" and wouldn't speculate on what might happen afterward.
Titan shares closed in Friday trading at $14.53, down $3.71 on the day. Lockheed shares were off 14 cents at $51.97.
As the military increasingly turns to the private sector for core functions, Titan has grown rapidly into a $2 billion corporation. The fact that roughly two-thirds of its 12,000 employees hold government security clearances makes it an attractive acquisition target, analysts say.
Adams called Titan a "great strategic fit" for Lockheed as the latter places ever-greater emphasis on its role as an information technology provider to the military and other government agencies.
"A lot of people notice rockets and airplanes, and while those are still core businesses of ours, we're trying to highlight our information technology (services)," Adams said. "It is the fastest growing sector of our operations."
Adams said Lockheed-Martin has been "the largest provider of information technology services to the federal government for nine years in a row," with IT contracts worth over $8 billion in 2003 alone.
Lockheed provides "more engineers to the government than Microsoft," Adams said.
Titan currently has more than 4,400 translators working in Iraq under a five-year contract valued at $402 million, according to House testimony earlier this month from William Reed, director of the Defense Contract Audit Agency.
Titan doesn't publicize figures, but the 4,400 translators include an unknown number of indigenous Iraqi citizens.
Titan fired one of its translators, a 50-year-old Egyptian-American from Maryland, after an Army general identified him as a suspect in the prisoner abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib.
A second translator provided to the Army by Titan, a 48-year-old Iraqi-American from Canyon Country who works for a Titan subcontractor, was one of four men identified as having been "either directly or indirectly responsible for the abuse."
A racketeering lawsuit filed June 9 on behalf of several former Iraqi detainees accuses Titan of conspiring with another intelligence firm to gain a competitive edge by torturing prisoners. A Titan spokesman termed the lawsuit "frivolous."For the past…entirety of my life, I’ve been the kind of person who sleeps until the absolute last minute, hitting snooze at least five times. I roll out of bed stressed, and then find myself barely able to stumble out the door on time. As I rush off to work, the traffic is worse than I imagined. I arrive late and frazzled, and the entire day seems to follow suit.
These days, I have an almost-two-year-old. I realized pretty much week 1 of motherhood that just rolling out of bed at the last minute wasn’t going to work anymore. Children take a lot of time in the morning, and you can quickly find yourself thirty minutes late to everything if you don’t wake up a lot earlier and come up with a solid routine.
A few months ago, however, my desires went beyond just needing more time to take care of Trippe in the morning. I also found myself craving some peace and quiet before I start the day. I had been wanting to establish a workout routine, but was unable to find any time in the day to do it. Trying to work out with Trippe awake? Well, let’s just say I have a video of me trying to do some ab work on the floor while he is jumping on my face.
There seemed to be only one solution to these two problems: wake up earlier. I won’t lie, I hate it. I am a morning person once I take the first step out of bed, but that first step is a mental battle unlike anything else. Once I pull myself out of bed and hear the first drips of coffee hit the bottom of the carafe, however, I start to feel much better.
Before I list my routine, I want to first be sure to say this: when trying a morning routine, give yourself a lot of grace. I have been slowly working my way back to 5am since the start of January. Just set your alarm clock back 10-15 minutes each day until you get where you want to be. If there’s a day you need sleep more than you need peace and quiet, sleep. You will probably end up feeling worse throughout the day if you push yourself too much than if you had just stuck with the snooze button.
Also, be willing to try a different order of doing things and see what makes you feel your best. I worked out first thing for the whole month of January, and I’m just now starting to do my quiet time first. So far, I like it better. It gives me a chance to get some caffeine in me before I die by burpees.
Here’s what my morning routine looks like:
5AM – My alarm clock goes off. I jump out of bed before my brain has time to talk me out of what I’m doing. I head straight to the coffee pot and get the goodness going. Then, I sit down on the couch with my Bible, journal, and collection of PaperMate Flair pens (the best pens ever, FYI). I frequently use the She Reads Truth daily devotionals. You can access them directly on the web page daily, and they’re free! I read from whatever book the study is going through at the time. It usually takes about 10 minutes to do so. Then, I read the devotional, journal, and reflect. Finally, I spend about 10-15 minutes in prayer.
5:40AM – Workout time. I am currently doing T25, which I would highly recommend. It’s essentially a 25-minute version of Insanity (same coach, Shawn T), and claims to provide an hour’s worth of results in 25 minutes. It’s definitely challenging, but I’ve gotten a lot stronger since doing it consistently for about 5 weeks. Plus, you can’t beat that it’s only 25 minutes!
6:10AM – Drink water, make protein shake (I drink it while I get ready)
6:20AM – Time to get ready – shower, dress, makeup, hair
I finish my routine by 6:50/7:00, and I’m ready to start the day! This gives me time to spend quality, unrushed time with Trippe when he wakes up, and we’re always ready to go on time.
The difference that I’ve noticed since taking the time first thing in the morning to focus on Scripture and to get a little exercise is huge. I feel better throughout the day, I’m happier, and I’m able to recall the truths that I read in the morning as I face situations throughout the day. I highly recommend establishing a routine of your own! It really does change how you feel and how you respond to various situations and circumstances. Quiet time to think is crucial, and this is a great way to prioritize it in your daily routine.
2 Comments Add yours
I enjoy this schedule of yours! It’s always important to start the morning on the right foot, as it tends to set the mood for the rest of the day. I definitely still have a hard time getting right out of bed once my alarm goes off! Haha
Thanks so much, Baylee! I really appreciate that. You are totally right…it is hard to get right out of bed. That’s what I struggle with the most I think; not hitting snooze!Tag: obituary
OBIT: Longtime resident, businessman Larry J. Snyd...
Posted by Editor | May 6, 2021 | Burien, Business, Des Moines, Featured Post, History, News, Obituary, People | 0
Obituary: John Pfeffer, 62, retired Highline Colle...
Posted by Editor | Dec 10, 2020 | Des Moines, Education, Education, Featured Post, News, Obituary | 0
Gary Wayne Petersen of Pete’s Towing passes ...
Posted by Editor | Sep 14, 2020 | Business, Des Moines, Featured Post, News | 0
Community responds to passing of longtime Des Moines resident, Volunteer Fran Woodard
by Editor | Nov 5, 2021 | Des Moines, Featured Post, History, News, Obituary, People | 0
OBIT: Longtime resident, businessman Larry J. Snyder passed away Mar. 29, 2021
by Editor | May 6, 2021 | Burien, Business, Des Moines, Featured Post, History, News, Obituary, People | 0
Obituary: John Pfeffer, 62, retired Highline College chemistry instructor and friend to many
by Editor | Dec 10, 2020 | Des Moines, Education, Education, Featured Post, News, Obituary | 0
Gary Wayne Petersen of Pete’s Towing passes away, gets huge send-off
by Editor | Sep 14, 2020 | Business, Des Moines, Featured Post, News | 0
Former Councilmember Eduardo (Ed) Pina has passed; memorial will be Aug. 31
EDITOR’S NOTE: This story has been updated with the corrected passing date of July 13, 2019: When the sun set on July 13, 2019, the Des Moines Community lost a friend, mentor and champion – Eduardo (Ed) Pina. Our family lost a Husband, Father, Grandfather and Great Grandfather. In 1952 while attending the University of […]
Founding SeaTac Councilmember, Mayor Terry Anderson has Passed; memorial June 29
by Editor | Jun 24, 2019 | Headlines, History, Sea-Tac Airport | 0 […]
Georgie Nupen has passed away, and Sue Padden wrote a tribute about her
I lost a dear friend this past week. Her name was Georgie Nupen. She lived an eventful, inspiring and passionate life into her 90s. I had the pleasure of meeting Georgie my first month as senior services manager for the City of Des Moines back in 1996. She was on the city senior services advisory […] across four decades. Walt is survived by Ina, his wife of 64 years, his children Laurie (Glenn) Griffin, Steve (Melody) Edmiston, and John […]
OBIT: Earline Lucile Byers has passed away; memorial will be Tues., May 1
Earline Lucile Byers 10/1929 to 2018 Earline was born in Seattle along with her twin brother Earl; they remained as close as you can imagine during their long and fulfilling lives. She was very proud of being a twin, and of being a lifetime resident of this beautiful area. During her life she faced challenges […]
Mark […]
OBIT: Otto Wieland passed away tragically Nov. 21
Otto Konrad Wieland, 86, died tragically on Nov. 21, 2017 after apparently jumping from the Des Moines fishing pier (read our previous coverage here). Rescuers from the Coast Guard, South King Fire & Rescue and other agencies searched overnight for Otto, to no avail. Sadly, his body was recovered on Nov. 23 from a beach […]
Memorial […]
SUPPORT OUR SPONSORS
Weather
Wind: 6mph NNE
Humidity: 88%
Pressure: 30.2"Hg
UV index: 0
50The Prisoner's Dilemma: Trust, Relationships, and Risk
After my long hiatus, I’ve come to a few realizations. First, while I was originally going to do Year Three of MasterSelf as predominantly about aesthetics, it’s actually not (or at least, shouldn’t be) that hard to understand that beauty=good and modern art pretensions=bad, so that’s not happening. Second, if we’re moving past aesthetics, that brings us to ethics and politics, or: how to pursue your values and how to navigate values in a world full of people, respectively. With that in mind, we’re going to start with a famous game theory thought experiment, the Prisoner’s Dilemma. Along the way, we’re going to see what this has to do with relationships, evolution, and more.
Let’s get it.
The Prisoner’s Dilemma is presented on Wikipedia:
What we have here, in essence, is a system in which fear disincentivizes trust. This is really important to understand. We have the knowledge that your prisoner counterpart is a criminal (as are you, but we tend to imagine we’re the hero of our story, right), and thus, is a fallible person who may act against your interest. In fact, they’re given incentive to violate your trust, because if you don’t rat and they do, they get the best outcome (assuming that the best outcome is not going to jail, but we’ll get to that later). If you both trust each other, you both go to jail, albeit not for as long.
This is great and all, but how does this relate to anything useful in our lives? What if I told you that human relationships in modern times are basically the Prisoner’s Dilemma?
Here’s the difference- the Prisoner’s Dilemma is a one-time game with two players. Modern relationships are actually like the Prisoner’s Dilemma but with (effectively) infinite players and infinite rounds- there are plenty of fish in the sea, and you can continue playing until you either die or take up celibacy (voluntarily or otherwise).
We’ll call this the Iterative Prisoner’s Dilemma for the sake of science, but for our purposes, it’s just the modern dating scene. Here are the critical differences:
First, in the original scenario, A and B are obviously the potential romantic partners. In modernity (as well as antiquity, but that’s not the game we’re playing at the moment), there may also be nonstandard numbers of players- you can get some polyamorous nonsense, or polygamy, or polyandry, but that’s not anything I care to cover here for what should be obvious reasons. This isn’t Tumblr.
Second, because this game includes all the active players (people seeking relationships) and has infinite rounds, we get something the original Dilemma does not have:
A scoreboard.
One version of this statistic would be the divorce rate, but that excludes relationships that don’t turn into marriages. In reality, we don’t have a hard statistic to measure the overarching results of our iterative dilemma, but the cultural attitude towards monogamy (or relationships in general) is going to reflect it. Currently, the odds of a marriage ending in divorce are something like 40-50%.
We can rewrite our iterative relationship dilemma (alternatively, Prisoners of Love Dilemma, groan) as:
Two members of society are attracted and infatuated. Each person has a private internal experience (solipsism) that is ultimately a mystery to the other. If each person is honest with the other, the relationship has the highest chance of succeeding, although both will have an emotional investment, making them vulnerable if it fails. However, if one person is not honest, they will avoid vulnerability, but the other will suffer greatly. Each person is given the opportunity either to betray the other by being dishonest and protecting themselves, or to cooperate with the other by being honest.
The possible outcomes are:
Additionally, the outcome of each iteration of this dilemma contributes to the individual’s future strategy, the local average, and the overarching game’s average success and failure rate.
Okay, that was a lot of technical stuff, let’s simplify. Any time people cheat, the prejudice against future partners sways towards mistrust. Any time a relationship fails, the culture believes in them less. This is important for several reasons.
Relationships do not exist in a vacuum, like the original Dilemma does. Every person is informed by the relationship their parents had, the preexisting cultural conception of what relationships are, and their own accumulative experiences (once bitten, twice shy.) If your parents got divorced, you’re not set up for success, as per Wolfinger (2003):
“People from divorced families often marry other children of divorce. This phenomenon, which I call family structure homogamy, persists across a variety of sociodemographic boundaries. In addition, I replicate earlier research by demonstrating that marriages between two children of divorce are especially likely to fail. These findings shed new light on the intergenerational transmission of divorce by showing that people from divorced families often marry under conditions that bode poorly for marital stability.”
Basically, you inherit some bias from your parents, consciously or otherwise. This isn’t just a game with players A and B, but with AB and CD (the kids of A + B, and C + D, respectively). Our culture actually retains this information over time: television and movies begin to reflect the success and failure rate of the world we live in as more characters are divorced, and that rate actually begins to change the game at scale.
Now, we have to address one of the fundamental assumptions that I made in my version of the dilemma- what if the goal for current players is not a mutually fulfilling relationship? Certainly, there are plenty of people who aim for promiscuity, one night stands, or one short lived relationship after another. Do these people not want to fall in love?
Well, despite what popular culture seems to indicate at times (I’m looking at you, “thinkpiece” blogs that will not be named that my readers can almost certainly identify), I tend to think that most of these people are A: lying to themselves and B: emotionally stunted people embracing their defense mechanisms as normal. That’s a bit of an audacious statement, but I’ll make it because that definitely describes me for some length of time after negative relationship experiences.
The first round of the dilemma (broadly speaking) has the highest odds of success because we lack the accumulated cynicism, but the dilemma is almost always asymmetric- it might be your first time playing, but not the other person’s. This is a large part of the present difficulty, since we’re reaching a point where more people have been burned than not, but we’ll come back to that in a bit. If you get lucky, you win on round one and you live happily ever after. Hooray.
If not, though, the plot thickens.
If you’ve ever seen a man get punched in the face unexpectedly, you’ll know that part of the shock response to painful stimuli is that you recoil defensively basically automatically- it’s a reflex. If you haven’t, I recommend you go watch it, it’s good fun. If you’re considering punching a man unexpectedly, record it, and good luck. This should not be construed as encouragement, for legal purposes.
A failed relationship has a similar effect to being punched, although potentially in a more sensitive area, and sometimes instead of it being a surprise it’s a protracted, slow motion car crash. You’ve seen these sorts of things, I’m sure. At any rate, after a failed relationship, we tend to recoil defensively, and this is where things become problematic.
If a kid is learning to ride a bike and he falls down as soon as you take the training wheels off, the kid is probably going to be disinclined to get back on the bike. That’s natural. However, if he never tries again, that’s less so.
The problem in modernity, however, is that we don’t just fall off the bike and decide not to ride again. We actually fall off the bike, blame the bike and Lance Armstrong and the whole damn Tour de France for existing and giving us this false perception of how cool bike riding should be, and then we rationalize out a whole philosophy that says that we shouldn’t fall into the trap of wanting to ride bikes because it’s emasculating.
This presents a problem.
The issue is that we’ve accumulated so much cynicism that the odds are fairly high that most players cannot or should not be trusted- the cultural values have shifted due to so many of the players being jaded and either being the children of failed marriages or having failed themselves that everyone has begun to stop believing it’s possible to have a successful relationship at all. In psychology, they call that projecting, but it’s significant enough that most of society is projecting because what everyone believes creates the social reality, whether it’s true or not.
I’ve spent a significant amount of time trying to puzzle out this seemingly intractable problem, and one of the things I came to the realization of in the process was that a large part of our relationship insecurities is a projection of our social insecurities. Our world is not stable in the way that it used to be, and stability matters, remember that for later. Back in the day (he said, like some kind of Boomer), you could get a job and keep it for life. Nowadays, I personally have had like 15 jobs in about 10 years of employment.
Things are changing.
Part of the issue is that people themselves change, and they aren’t the same as they were at the beginning of the relationship, sure, but I’d actually say that the issue there is more that most people have the emotional maturity of children (and I’ll volunteer myself as an example here, too, it’s hard work). People may change, but the fundamental human experience doesn’t change so quickly. Biology has been the same for ages, it will likely be mostly the same for many ages more.
I’d go so far as to argue we’d have to make some kind of a biological argument for marriage (or at least monogamy if we’re speaking broadly) as a good thing. Many people aside from myself have tried many variations on this, for or against, so I’ll be brief.
Most of the arguments for non-monogamous pairs argue more for the reproductive potential of the individual in the sense of them propagating their genes- a man can have tons of kids like Genghis Khan. I would argue that monogamy wins for a few reasons- your kids come out less likely to die in childhood, you’re less likely to have your mate stolen, and what I think is likely the most recent, the most important, and would guess is the least well-researched:
Fathers have a tremendous impact on the lives of their children.
In a non-monogamous child-rearing setup, surrogate fathers or boyfriends of the mother have the highest rates of abuse (remember what I said about your kids being less likely to die?)- there’s an evolutionary predisposition to kill kids that aren’t yours because they steal resources, and whether that’s horrible to hear or not doesn’t change the stats of child abuse that reflect it. We have a lot of built in things that prevent us from killing our own kids that don’t apply to other people’s kids for this reason. From the National Center for Health Research:
.”
One of the things I find really fascinating is the fact that some species lay thousands of eggs at once, and most of them get eaten before or just after hatching. Humans, of course, can only have one (or rarely, a few) kids at a time, which indicates that our move towards quality over quantity of offspring has been the case for ages.
There is one thing that’s worth mentioning:
A certain amount of human history involves kings who had way, way more (like Genghis-Khan-level more) kids than most people, and in these eras, many men did not reproduce at all. However, I think this was due to asymmetrical physical prowess (sexual dimorphism as well) combined with asymmetrical access to technology. Kings could fight, raid, get rich, buy better gear, and protect/provide for large amounts of women and children. That being said, it seems that technology has made that asymmetry less pronounced- doesn’t matter how strong you are, no one is bulletproof, and the invention of firearms basically eliminated the swordsman who trained his whole life to fight that enabled the asymmetrical king/kingdom hierarchy.
While it seems that for any one male the ideal situation may be to just have such a prodigious quantity of offspring that they can outweigh the downsides of having kids that get no paternal attention or resources, it does not seem to be sustainable at scale, and it also seems that people end up overthrowing kings, too. Harem seeking is actually extremely antisocial, and maintaining a harem requires some kind of social backing (soldiers to guard your concubines, or eunuchs, which, aside from the numerous who are mentally castrated, are even less common in modernity.)
Anyway, that’s a bit of a digression. If you want to read more about the evolutionary aspect, check out The Red Queen by Matt Ridley.
To summarize:
For most people, most of the time, you are going to have the best luck by having monogamous pairs and raising your own kids. Basically every other form of relationship is bad for kids, we seem to have some evolutionary bias towards people who raised their kids with both parents around and invested, and those kids have higher degrees of trust, which builds social cohesion. On the other hand, if you are feeling particularly tough, you can try and take over the world and create a harem, but the likelihood of that is slim and, strangely enough, other dudes don’t usually like helping you defend your harem.
Back to the Dilemma:
As I touched on in Beyond the Masculine and Feminine, as well as the Syzygy series, one of the things that we really seem to want to ignore is the fact that life is meant to reproduce itself, and under that assumption, relationships should exist with the goal of having kids that aren’t ruined by your behavior in mind. I know from experience most people do not operate that way, and you probably felt that was a bit of a nonstandard statement in the context of modern society, but it’s true. It doesn’t matter how your relationships go if your kids are fucked up- or if it takes 10 generations for your actions to fuck things up for your kids. If you don’t have kids, evolution doesn’t care what you think.
Beyond all that technical, evolutionary talk, there is one thing that’s truly significant here: the concept and experience of Love. We evolved the ability to feel an emotion profound enough to have resulted in the creation of most of the art and other works you care about, but modern man in his astute brilliance wants to say, “oh, love is just a chemical reaction, it’s not real.”
Being pretentious as a self-defense mechanism also seems to have some evolutionary bias towards it, too, so unfortunately I doubt that’s something that will go away anytime soon.
I would argue that the majority of our modern issues, especially isolation, stem from a turning-away from Love as a value. We’ve cheapened our relationships, and, in hiding from risk, we close ourselves off to the possibility that we can share in the pinnacle human experience that is Love. This brings me to the strange and interesting product of this article- how are we meant to reverse the progression of the Iterated Prisoner’s Dilemma towards cynicism?
We have to approach relationships with the knowledge that we’re going to be hurt. Not to think we might, but to know and do anyway. All of our modern aversion to opening ourselves up is out of the fear of possible pain, but as we understand from the dilemma, we cannot win if we are not honest, we just lose less.
More simply, either play to win or don’t play at all.
We must accept that pain is not only necessary, but inevitable. We have to learn to suffer in the pursuit of something greater again, and only when we’re willing to suffer for this greater ideal do we even have a chance to succeed. If you aren’t willing to lose, you’ve already lost. If you aren’t willing to lose, you won’t ever win.
Stop lying to yourself- accept that you want to love and be loved in return, don’t deny this fundamental human experience, and offer yourself up to be sacrificed on the altar. Otherwise, the world continues in this half-life of noncommittal, self-protected disinterest that is very clearly killing us.
Seek life, seek Love, and take the risk.Police: 1 killed, 1 injured after knife fight in Phoenix
Julie Luchetta
Arizona Republic
Jose Rodolfo Garcia Avila, 21, died from apparent knife wounds sustained in a fight with another man early Sunday, according to Phoenix police.
A woman had non-life-threatening injuries, police said.
Police found the pair after responding to reports of a fight near 10th Avenue and Buckeye Road around 1 a.m. Sunday, officials reported.
Both were transported to a local hospital, where Avila later was pronounced dead.
Police continue to investigate.
Reach breaking news reporter Julie Luchetta at jluchetta@arizonarepublic.com.
Support local journalism. Subscribe to azcentral.com today.Vince Gill lyrics - Find all lyrics for songs such as Go Rest High On That Mountain, I Still Believe In You, Let There at LyricsFreak.com check amazon for Look At Us mp3 download browse other artists under V:V2 Songwriter(s): Vincent Gill, Max Duane Barnes, Vince Gill Record Label(s): 1991 UMG Recordings, Inc Download Timlai Eut Mp3 Sound. Free Timlai Eut mp3 sound download. Latest Timlai Eut mp3 sound for download. Free add to library Timlai Eut mp3 sound on mp3sound.net The disc includes artists such as Amy Grant, Lonestar, Vince Gill, Trans Siberian Orchestra and more. The sisters' version of "Have Yourself" was heard on over 400 radio stations across the country, and on the nationally syndicated shows "Delilah," "John Tesh," Sirius, XM, and "Music Choice" (in more than 35 million homes). New Kurta Pajama Official Song Tonny Kakkar Free Mp3 Songs Download 320 kbps "New Kurta Pajama Official Song Tonny Kakkar" Mr-Jatt Free Mp3 Songs Download. KURTA PAJAMA - Tony Kakkar ft. Shehnaaz Gill | Latest Punjabi Song 2020 Mp3 2.14 MB. .
2011/10/13
"Look at Us" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in September 1991 as the third single from the album Pocket Full of Gold. The song reached number 4 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. Gill wrote the song with Max D. Barnes. Aug 11, 2017 · Vince Gill - "Look At Us" A very poignant 1991 love song performance that had classic written all over it. Gill authored the song with veteran Nashville tunesmith Max D. Barnes, Vince Gill, Patty Loveless, Ricky Skaggs, and others. Vince Gill, Patty Loveless, Ricky Skaggs, and others Vince Gill - Look At Us by Vince Gill. 4:11. Vince Gill Check out Look At Us (Album Version) by Vince Gill on Amazon Music. Stream ad-free or purchase CD's and MP3s now on Amazon.co.uk. Print and download Look At Us sheet music by Vince Gill. Sheet music arranged for Piano/Vocal/Guitar in Eb Major (transposable). SKU: MN0087675 Download Unlimited Ringtones for iPhone and Android Here. Get the latest ringtones of La Cucaracha Froggie Dance, Final Fantasy, Eminem, The Beatles, Karma, Madness, Pitter Pitter, Going Up To The Spirit In The Sky, Foxy Brown And Blackstreet, Disney, Star Wars, Abba, Bambula, Otis Redding, Pitter Pitter Patter, Roadrunner Show, Come On Eileen, Bob Seger, Gloria, Good Bad And Ugly, Gospel Oct 13, 2011 · This week we’re shining The Spotlight on albums coming out this fall that we’re excited about. Today we look at Country acts like [mp3com-artist]Montgomery Gentry[/mp3com-artist], [mp3com-artist]Scotty McCreery[/mp3com-artist] and [mp3com-artist]Vince Gill[/mp3com-artist]..
Look At Us Lyrics: Look at us / After all these years together / Look at us / After all that we've been through / Look at us / Still leaning on each other / … 2018/10/23 To get full access to the site e.g. deposit funds, download files you have to create an account. You will get 2 track for free after confirming your account! Vince Gill - Look At Us (651RMX) by DJ651 (KutManKrew) published on 2017-04-23T05:11:23Z One of my Grandpa's jams from back in … Ballads by Vince Gill. 12 songs. 2013 year. Format – mp3. Download compilation for free and listen online on Myzcloud.me.
Look at us 歌詞の意味: 私たちを見てください。After all these years together 歌詞の意味: 一緒にすべてのこれらの年後 Look at us 歌詞の意味: 私たちを見てください。After all that we've been through 歌詞の意味: 我々 が進めてきたすべての
Also available: Looking Around: A Journey Through. Architecture Free Teacher's Guide at us.penguingroup.com/tguides. Charles of one iconic song and its evolving meanings. “Historians Translated by Christopher Gill and Desmond Lee Afterword by Vince Passaro arrival of the MP3 upended almost everything. Turid/Willis, Susan/Mohammed MacLeod, Natalia/Lapinskie, Clare/Gill, Akesh 15 In-Pyo/Jeon, Mu-song/Lee, Jung-Jae/Kang, Ri-na Albino (1976)/Howard, Trevor Paul/Salonia, Vince/Ancheril, Rachael American Strays (1996)/Kehler, Kate (II)/O'Reilly, Genevieve/Ismail, Sharon/Ho, Marjorie/Neo, Swee Lin/Look,. With Vince Vaughn, Heather Graham, Jon Favreau, Ron Livingston. Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau in Swingers (1996) Swingers (1996) Vince Vaughn in Swingers (1996) Doug Written by Kevin Gillease
2014/11/05 Vince Gill 352 Tracks 16 Albums 10 Compilations & Concerts Top tracks Go Rest High on That Mountain from When Love Finds You 5:14 $ 0.12 Look at Us from Ballads 4:01 $ 0.12 When I Call Your Name from Ballads 4:14 $ Home » Music » Accompaniment Tracks » Look at Us Look at Us Vince Gill Genre: Special Occasions: Wedding Performance Track Made Popular By: Vince Gill With and Without Background Vocals Key: C-Db UPC # 16 0 2019/08/22 Interactive Download By Vince Gill. This edition: Interactive Download. Country, Love, Pop. Piano/Vocal/Guitar. 5 pages. Published by Hal Leonard - Digital Sheet Music (HX.126788). Item Number: HX.126788 About Interactive Lagu Barat Vince Giil Download Mp3 SONG TRACKLIST Free Download Your Favorite Song Just For Review.. Vince Gill I Still Believe In You Official Musica 320 kbps ~ VinceGillVEVO PLAY Vince Gill When I Call Your Name Look At Us Lyrics: Look at us / After all these years together / Look at us / After all that we've been through / Look at us / Still leaning on each other / …
Vince Gill - Look At Us (651RMX) by DJ651 (KutManKrew) published on 2017-04-23T05:11:23Z One of my Grandpa's jams from back in …
Lyrics Vince Gill … Download the MP3 instrumental versions of Vince Gill. Each title offers a version with and without choirs. Download in High Definition MP3. My Kind Of Woman, My Kind Of Man made famous by Vince Gill & Patty Loveless 2009/01/21 2013/03/23 2020/06/06 1995/11/21 Vince Gill Additional Artist Info Vince Gill MIDI Files, MIDI Karaoke MP3 professional backing tracks and Lyrics produced by Hit Trax. Click on any title to view song details like tempo, key, BPM, length and a preview Vince Gill
- descarga gratuita de imágenes de star wars
- no se puede reproducir el video en el navegador pero se puede descargar
- descarga del álbum prince seven
- instalador de actualización de windows descarga del instalador de actualización de windows 10
- vocabulario power 1 practicando palabras esenciales testbook pdf download
- hjpklgk
- hjpklgk
- hjpklgk
- hjpklgk
- hjpklgk
- hjpklgkCustomer Login
If you are already registered, please log in.
Your cart is currently empty.
An exquisite blend of Korean Yaguanmun and red ginseng for women's healthcare!
6-year-old red ginseng Yaguanmun stick for a vibrant new power~~
#6-year-old 100% Korean Red Ginseng
Domestic 6-year-old red ginseng concentrate reduces artificial sweeteners as much as possible and is flavored with good Chinese ingredients.
# Healthy Korean Red Ginseng Stick
In addition to red ginseng, we've added healthy Chinese medicine ingredients such as injin, daechu, heavenly palace, resyntial, sukjihuang, sugar, peany, licorice, and cinnamon.
▶ Red Ginseng Stick From Korean Red Ginseng
▶ 100% Korean 6-year-old red ginseng
▶ addition of healthy chinese medicine ingredients such as injin, manchu, heavenly palace, resynthe, sukjihuang, sugar, peiji, licorice, cinnamon, as well as red ginseng
▶ easy-to-carry stick type red samstick type
▶ easy to carry with you, so you can take care of your health anytime, anywhere.
What kind of 蔘 of hemp? What is Red Ginseong?
The types of hemp are very diverse. Red ginseng? Ginseng? Sansam? Camphor ginseng?
Although there are several hemps, the exact description of red ginseng is called red ginseng, which is steamed and dried in steam as it is peeled through the washing process of preciously grown ginseng.
★ Effect of red ginseng and its effect on the body ★
Red ginseng 5 functional recognized by the Food and Drug Administration - improves immunity, improves fatigue recovery, blood flow through platelet aggregation, improves memory, and antioxidant effects
★ characteristics of good days red ginseng ★
Red ginseng - is known to help blood flow through fatigue recovery, immunity enhancement, platelet aggregation and aggregation.
Tiangung - Healing women's disease (the ingredients of the heavenly palace include volatile essential oils, alcohol, phenolic substances, sadanonic acid, etc., and are used in a variety of fields, such as liver and kidneys in a hanbang, good for women's disease, also used for infertility and help blood donation, back and skeletal pain, bruises, memory decay, etc.)
Jujubee - the 脾 (補) and harmonizes the above (胃), and generations a jinnyeo to increase the period (eddy), and releases the poison of the drug.
Dingi - helps the metabolism and diseases of the body, so improves blood circulation, promotes appetite through vitality enhancement, can help in the treatment of gynecologic diseases caused by blood circulation.
Resymed mushrooms - in modern phases are used in patioies souch as tumors, variant hepatitis, diseases of interest病 (冠, coronary atherosclerosis), mental reticence, old age low, chronic, hyperdistension, multiple myalitis.
Sookjihyeung - It is said to protect blood and replenish the back and knees to treat sore symptoms, menstruation problems, disorders, etc., and blackens hair.
Earl's medicine - can help analgesic, antipyretic, antispyretic, diuretic, hematemia, jihan (not sweating).
Licorice - the root is effective in antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, immune function anti-inflammatory.
Cinnamon - contains sugars of carbohydrates, inorganic iron and B vitamins, there are sinamic acids and essential oils are used as flavorings. It warms the digestive system and uterus in one room and is effective against menstrual cramps.
* However, if you have a lot of heat or are pregnant, limit your use.
Let's learn about the benefits of red ginseng!
CHECK 01. Activates immune function
Red ginseng can help maintain healthy immune function by increasing the activity of immune cells. To maintain healthy immune function, proper immune cells must play their part smoothly.
Ginseng red ginseng can help the immune system by increasing the required immune cells or controlling its function.
CHECK 02. Increases fatigue recovery
Red ginseng is believed to improve fatigue recovery by regulating energy-producing hormones secreted by the sewage gland in the trhyx brain.
CHECK 03. Healthy blood flow
Red ginseng can help maintain healthy blood flow through excessive platelet aggregation by inhibiting substances that cause platelet aggregation.
If you are already registered, please log in.A bright and beautiful graduation cake
Our high school grad didn’t want the traditional “Congratulations!” cake but something that reflected her love of bright colors and the shabby chic decorating style. We were happy to give it to her.
The cake is a three tier extravaganza that serves 75 happy guests. The bottom tier is (shockingly) German Chocolate with Coconut Pecan filling. I think we’ve made more German Chocolate cakes this year than all the other years total! The middle tier is three layers, Orange Creamsicle, Butter Yellow and Strawberry all filled with Cream Cheese filling. The top tier is Lemon with Lemon Curd filling. The whole cake was then iced in butter cream and covered with fondant for a smooth finish. The handmade peonies, hibiscus and hydrangeas were, literally, the icing on the cake!
Our grad loved her cake and we were delighted to be a part of her special day.
Congratulations!
Posted on June 12, 2013, in Uncategorized. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment.Case Study
AiDash Transforming Vegetation Management for National Grid Using Satellite Analytics and AI
Managing thousands of miles of distribution lines is no easy task. Even today, vegetation management continues to be a challenging and expensive exercise for electric utilities. Conventional approaches to vegetation management, such as LiDAR-based helicopter patrols, drone flights, and manual inspections, are time-consuming, limited in scope, and expensive, to say the least.
Confronted with this challenge, National Grid, a Fortune 500 utility company, partnered with AiDash to deploy an end-to-end satellite-powered platform.
Understanding National Grid's Requirements
National Grid was looking for a solution that could transform the way they conducted vegetation management—a critical part of protecting customers from outages, keeping them safe, and protecting the environment. The goal was to know as much as possible about what’s growing along electric lines before storms, falling trees, or overgrowth can disrupt service. They sought complete visibility, scalability and agility, reducing costs and improving reliability in the process.
Our Approach
AiDash uses satellite data to enable utilities to manage vegetation growth near their Transmission and Distribution Lines. With the help of Artificial Intelligence, our Intelligent Vegetation Management System (IVMS) is able to predict vegetation growth up to 5 years in advance – creating plans for cycle and mid-cycle trims, hazard tree removals, and herbicides.
AiDash IVMS offers an end-to-end workflow and implements the vegetation management process itself, from deploying contractors to auditing their work.
What Our Customer Says About Us
“We’re dealing with an asset that is very dynamic,” says Bertram Stewart, Vegetation Strategy Manager at National Grid. “We always have to be on the lookout to modify our approach to address some of the changes in vegetation.”
“We challenged AiDash with several scenarios to test their capabilities while looking to meet our objectives,” says Stewart. “They were very interested in our needs.”
Use case - Benefit for National Grid
For National Grid, the collaboration% of power outages. AiDash assessed which areas were most likely to have falling trees and developed a list of hotspots that should be prioritized for hazard tree removal.NREM Reads is a community-wide common read program centered on the book The Home Place: Memoirs of a Colored Man's Love Affair With Nature by Dr. Drew Lanham.
The Home Place can be read three different ways.
Due to copyright restrictions only 100 pages at a time can be downloaded from this book per connection session and only from eBook Central.
The Home Place is available to check out as an epub file for 7-days (you can check it out multiple times). To access an epub file you need two things:
I can't open the ePub file.
Please double check that you are trying to open the ePub file and not a file with the "acsm" extension. The ACSM file is just a download delivery file used by Adobe Digital Editions to fulfill the ePub file download (yes, this is much more complicated than it should be).
Something went wrong and I'm stuck.
Email Megan and let her know which method and step you are stuck on. Megan has a lot of experience with ePub files, eReaders, and EBSCO and should be able to help you out.This week is Poison Prevention Week (March 21 - 27 2021) so we're talking about keeping chemicals away from our kids. It's so scary and really so easy for kids to get into things like laundry pods, drugs and alcohol, and other household goods.
Dr. Kevin Osterhoudt is an attending physician in the Division of Emergency Medicine and the medical director of the Poison Control Center at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP).
He talks about the importance of safety locks, keeping adult beverages and items up and away from kids, small batteries, and other things you might not have thought of.
The National Poison Control Hotline is (800) 222-1222Digital Strategy
Are you like the millions of other businesses out there who are conducting digital transformation without a defined strategy? Do not worry, now it is the right time to get started. The ongoing digital revolution and the remarkable advancement of technology over the last decade have transformed traditional business models and enabled customers to engage at their convenience with
organizations across multiple channels. It’s predicted that by 2020, digital technologies, including machine learning, artificial intelligence, and robotic automation will further augment the customer experience (CX) with innovative and personalized solutions.
We live in a hyper-connected world which is dictated by audiovisuals all over. From our simple website to the mobile app, social media or social commerce we consume on daily base more and more audio-visual content. Companies have to transform their product and services offerings to be presented on a global scale in a digital environment. But having recognized and said that you need so does not take the challenge away to go through this digital transformation.
Do not worry, now it is the right time to get started.
The way you approach digital transformation is a direct reflection of what you will get out of digital. If you are taking a sporadic, ‘get it done’ approach that utilizes a handful of tactics without clear goals or objectives, you can expect a sporadic return on investment. Small businesses are the number one offenders of this approach.
What is a digital transforamtion strategy?
The phrase specifically refers to having a planned approach to the Internet-driven presence you use to spread your companies message online. The internet is dictated by big vendors like Google, Yahoo, Microsoft or Apple how we perceive information and content, and how we can advertise our products and services. We are capable today to define our audience segmentation, targeting, propositions, and differentiation which we need now to adopt into the digital world through digital marketing just as traditional marketing. But finally, we can measure our results directly which makes it easy to define budgets and cost allocation.
Chances are, you are already conducting digital marketing in some shape or form. However, without a strategic approach, you are limiting your return
Why do you need a digital strategy?
1. You’re Missing Opportunities Online
Ranking on Google on position #1 does not lead your potential clients to buy from you or your eCommerce store. Companies are mislead by the terminologies because they do not define their actual business relevant KPI’s. While your competitor has maybe transformed his business to digital and measurable results while you are still using the online world like in the good old days with traditional marketing methods. Your opportunity could be to have new never reached the audience you could, new never utilized ways to simply present your products and services. You may be also missed attracting your audience in a modern engaging way they want to see you.
2. You Don’t Know Your Customer next move
Sure, your website and social media sites are up and running. People believe this is it but forget about the fact that the internet can tell you much more about your clients. In the always-connected environment we live today we know exactly what you are doing, recognize patterns of behavior which we can monitor and turn into proper messages to attract you. But how do I utilize listing tools, how do I read all this analytics and how do I execute them to actually turn them into a powerful sales horse?
3. Digital Lacks Enough Resources to Make a Difference
Digital Marketing is not like traditional marketing. We are far away from predictive marketing and now knowing the outcome of our marketing efforts or how the allocated resources turned into gold. Digital Marketing budgets are not on top of the marketing budget you allocated. It is a shift happening to move away from your traditional offline channels (like billboards or offline newspapers and magazines). Maintaining your website and social media presence is similar to servicing your car. If you don’t invest in maintenance the car will stop working, exactly the same happens with your online presence. Much like a vehicle, you can expect to have constant problems if you do not have neglect to invest money in the up-keep of your digital marketing strategy.
4. No Optimization or Recalibration Based on Analytics
Google Analytics is for free and gives you insides which you might even do not know how to turn it into an action plan. More meaningful insides to your customers and potential customers is the yellow of your egg. People and our environment are changing constantly and so should our marketing and digital presence. Knowling what our audience is looking for, how our site visitors are perceiving our image online is key to recalibrate our presence and optimize the information we deliver. If you want to have any chance of achieving success with digital marketing, you must make sure that evaluation and recalibration is part of your strategy.
5. You’re Playing Catch-Up
Comparing yourself with your competitor is a most common practice all over the industries. For sure being a trendsetter might not be easy and requires creative minds. But your competitor might be armed with a digital strategy which empowers them to test and launch new approaches left and right. If you find yourself constantly playing catch-up and never getting ahead of your competitors, it is time to re-think your current stance on digital marketing.
Your success starts here with our complete offering
Skillz Middle East helps you to understand the opportunities you are missing. Positioning your brand, products, and services to the right audience at the right time on their favorite digital channel of their choice. A proper evaluation and analysis of potentials are key to be successful in digital marketing. Below you can see which areas we define your ideal digital strategy.
Your digital marketing needs to breathe across all digital channels and digital media offerings. Skillz Middle East helps you in each stage making your digital marketing
A/B TESTING
A/B Testing and Multivariant Testing of a website, ads, and content elements can help you to find the right version of your design
Brand Management
Your Brand is important to be identified in a unique form. Brand consistency is essential to succeed in your marketing strategy.
Email Marketing is essential in every marketing strategy. How to make your audience read your email depends on your strategy and goal.
PERSONALIZATION & SEGMENTATION
Personalization and Segmentation are essential in every digital marketing strategy. Know your audience and listen to them carefully, present them with information which is relevant to them.
Social Marketing
Social Marketing and their value. Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram and Co are dictating how we consume our information today.
SEO
SEO (Search Engine Optimization) is more than just be found by Google. It starts with your Website but includes all your digital presence across all channels.
Get Into Action, call our experts today, Dubai - UAE +971 56 101 24 80 or send an email to info@skillzme.com or request a callback
Web Experience Management
Web Experience Management is more than just creating a beautiful website. Personalization, Segmentation and easy user interaction set you apart from your competition.
Services which benefits Your Organisation
A well-planned digital marketing.Faux Ivory Horn Book
Inspired by the horn books seen in museums, many of which dated from the 15th century, they were often referred to as a child’s primer and would be covered in letters, prayers or moral sayings. This faux bone or ivory artefact is hand crafted to create a place for a piece of stitching or in fact anything you would like to frame. For those of you who are stitchers, I am sure that displaying some lying down will be a change as I am sure you will have no wall-space left. The horn book can, of course, be hung using the stick-on hooks used for hanging plates (not supplied).
The horn book is supplied boxed with a chart, 36-count Newcastle linen, pre-sorted threads and instructions for the little sampler seen in the picture. Overall size, including the handle, is 7 x 10in (18 x 25.5cm). The frame area is 5 x 6in (13 x 15cm).
£35.00
3 in stock
3 in stock
Findings
The story of this little treasure
Being a devoted reader of Jane Eyre (my favourite book of all time!), I have been fascinated by the idea of large groups of children doing their lessons on a slate, or earlier on a horn book. I suspect this is all mixed up with the idea of the orphanage samplers – all rather wistful really.
Horn books were widely used by children from the 15th to 18th century and have been found in the UK and in the USA. Not a book at all, they were made from wood, horn and even ivory although rarely. Sometimes the wood or background material was engraved with letters or wood covered with a printed alphabet page. A very fine, transparent slice of a cow’s horn was nailed over the page to preserve the paper, making horn books a practical and sturdy tool.
Looking at Tudor horn books, the alphabet letters were not as we know them now – the letters ‘i’ and ‘j’ were the same as well as ‘u’ and ‘v’. Many horn books also included the Lord’s Prayer, as religion was a significant part of a child’s life and learning.It's a 10
It's a 10 Miracle Finishing Spray Plus Keratin 334ml
SKU: 0052
£17
It's a 10 Miracle Super Hold Finishing Spray Plus Keratin is the perfect product to hold your style. The dry spray is perfect for finished styling, while imparting shine, volume and keratin for a super firm, yet weightless hold.To find private money lenders individuals have utilized a wide range of fruitful strategies. It was a long queue and he fired up a discussion with a more seasoned man of his word remaining behind him. The theme came around to land after the courteous fellow approached what the financial specialist accomplished. It is as simple as that. Since financial specialist is a mogul and resigned at 35 all since he had the guts to chat with somebody while remaining in line at the supermarket. Answer promotions put from available to be purchased by proprietor properties is another amazing method to discover private speculators. Having an amazing realtor on your side will help you incredibly research these properties before you burn through your time and the merchants requesting a loan they cannot give.
Most different posting administrations furnish operators with an approach to check whether the proprietor owes anything on the property and how much and to what in particular bank. Getting rid of the properties that do not qualify in the solace of an office is far superior to after you have invested the time and vitality to design an offer and get the sincere money consent to the dealer just to have it dismissed on the grounds that they owe a lot on the property. You can at present go to best licensed money lender, rather than working with the mortgage holder however it makes your life much simpler and makes your business run a great deal smoother on the off chance that you can know before placing in a proposal on a property the specific circumstance the dealer is in. This gives you quite a lot more buying power since now you can design your proposal to fulfill what the merchant needs and furthermore what the property can give. This additionally makes your offers significantly increasingly fruitful so you are not squandering book on ventures that will never make you any money.
This sort of loan is useful for the individuals who need to get individual loans of relatively limited quantities for a brief timeframe. One concerns the holding up time before you get the loan. You will likewise need to know the period for reimbursement. A long reimbursement period implies a great deal of additional interest regardless of whether the month to month sum is lower. In the event that you are obtaining money to buy property, it is in every case better if the property will create some type of pay. For whatever length of time that you know and see all the terms and states of money lenders, you can utilize this administration reasonably and for your potential benefit. It might be an incredible assistance to do as such. The greatest and best methods when working with private money lenders is to treat them with the regard you would a chief or a renowned customer and keep them educated regarding your choices and you will have an astounding contact for a considerable length of time to come.Why Serve 2010: Called into Holy Conflict
November 10, 2014
Jabriel Ballentine is a member of the Diocese of the Virgin Islands, residing in Washington, D.C..
In the Name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. One God. Amen.
Recently about fifty of us youth gathered in Sewanee, TN to explore our call to serve. It was an invaluable experience that, I believe, will greatly benefit the Church. Having the opportunity to meet and exchange with others grappling with God’s call on their life is a blessing of immense proportions. Truly, iron sharpens iron (Prov. 27:17).
Now, Sewanee was seemingly an obscure place to call together youth of color. The very name speaks volumes of its past: The University of the South. Say “the South” to Black people over 50 and the term conjures images of dehumanizing oppression, social degradation and terror.
There was something miraculous about confronting the injustices of the disinherited and oppressed in an environment that celebrates the “Confederate Giants” who established the institution. Indeed, we saw the Confederate Flag memorialized in stained glass and drawings of Frederick Douglass that reminded us of the common sentiment in the South that Black people were monkeys.
Nevertheless, we engaged the experience. Without cell phone service, we were forced to come out of our virtual lives and engage each other. An amazing crop of fruit was harvested.
What is the message gleaned for young adults of color, discerning their call to service at an Institution steeped in Confederate tradition? A university founded by Episcopal Bishop Leonidas Polk for secessionist purposes to be the “national university” of the Confederacy, the very residence hall where we were housed, is a memorial in “honor” of the “Chaplain of the Confederacy,” Episcopal Bishop and “Re-Founder” of the University of the South, the Rt. Rev. Charles Todd Quintard.
Really, “why serve?” Why serve an institution (the Church) that has been complicit in dehumanizing and marginalizing us? That must be a constant reflection. It was the reflection I faced as I asked in a session on clarifying our questions: “How far can I push the Church to grapple with oppressive theologies before I’m excommunicated?” How far can we, people of color, push within the Church before we are pushed aside, marginalized, and silenced? I fear the Church might expect us to cut off our cultural identities, heritage and legacy for a superficial “unity” that yields only the appearance of cohesion while the sores still fester deep within the body? Or worse, will the Church hope for a crop of young leaders who subscribe to a feigned post-racial, post-cultural kuumbya ideology? I fear that if we, the Church, ignore these questions and the actions from which these question of necessity arise, we will tread a slippery slope that hampers the efficacy of the Gospel, especially as it pertains to those who stand with their backs against the wall (Thurman, Howard. Jesus and the Disinherited).
As I reflect on the conference, it was very fitting to host it at the University of the South. If we are to truly distinguish (or, discern) our call to ministry in this Church, we must be true to the voice of our ancestors and our posterity. Our legacy, our culture, our heritage must be brought into holy conflict with the ideologies (and theologies), which led to the founding of a “University of the South.”
Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ said: “Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword” (Matt. 10:34). If we are to see the beloved community and reveal a Jesus that is efficacious to the disinherited, we are compelled to agitate and cause discomfort so as to till the soil for a bountiful harvest.
This, then, is “why serve.” We serve that we might be the answer to our Lord’s prayer: that we might be one, as He and His Father are One (John 17:21). We serve that our voices might not be silenced and that our ancestors might not be forgotten. We serve that injustices might not be romanticized and justice oversimplified. We serve that the Body of Christ might be defended, attended and mended.
May God be glorified by our service! Amen.
Filed under: Why ServeLauraville
Lauraville is a leafy neighborhood in Northeast Baltimore where residents pride themselves on maintaining a thriving tree canopy. Offering a wide range of single-family, detached homes, the neighborhood is great for families looking for a little more space and some grass. Residents enjoy a suburban feel with tree-lined streets and open parkland as well as the walkability and affordability of this Baltimore City gem.
Getting Around
Nearby Public Transit
- BWI Airport....35 Lauraville
You Might Also Like...
Is this page missing some information? Help us make it betteriCarly’s return has been extended.
Paramount+ has issued a renewal for Season 2 of the arrival, with production set to get underway this fall ahead of a 2022 premiere., but should the star want to return down the line, it seems possible.
New installments of iCarly Season 1 will continue to launch on Thursdays this summer, with the finale hitting the streamer Aug. 26.
The series will be introduced to international fans in the near future as the streamer branches out to new destinations, including the Nordics, Latin America, and Australia.
Paramount+ has been expanding the franchises of some of Nickelodeon’s most popular series of late, including Spongebob, The Rugrats, and Fairly Odd Parents.
The streamer is aggressively building its roster of content to compete with the likes of Netflix and Hulu as the streaming wars continue to intensify.
The original iCarly,.
Your thoughts on the renewal?
Have you been digging the show?
Hit the comments.
Paul Dailly is the Associate Editor for TV Fanatic. Follow him on Twitter.You’ve probably heard about the woman who spilled coffee on her lap and sued McDonald’s. Maybe you’ve heard something about the burglar who fell through a skylight and sued.
Both cases have been cited as examples of “frivolous lawsuits.” Before passing judgment, however, it’s worth learning a few facts about those cases specifically, and tort law in general.
Also known as personal injury law, tort law has been developed over many centuries. It’s a vast, complicated, and ever-changing branch of law. It can be summarized, however, in a simple proposition: The infliction of injury is actionable.
Tort claims arising from car accidents, dog bites, medical malpractice, faulty products, falls, and assaults, are fairly common. Sources of claims, however, are as broad as human activity.
Tort claims can hold people responsible for alleged crimes, even when the accused is not convicted. O.J. Simpson was acquitted of double murder in a criminal trial. But he was found liable for Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman’s deaths in a civil trial. Although the jury in the criminal trial couldn’t find Simpson “guilty beyond a reasonable doubt,” the civil jury found it was more likely than not he was responsible for their deaths. Simpson didn’t go to prison, but he was ordered to pay a total of $33.5 million to the victims’ families.
Some elements of personal injury law are fairly straightforward. For example, Washington state law holds pet owners strictly liable for dog bites. In other cases, the plaintiff, the person who brought the claim, must prove intentional or negligent conduct by the defendant. This is where cases get complicated.
What if a motorist is rear-ended and injured? The other driver is at fault, right? Yes. But what if the injured motorist wasn’t wearing a seatbelt? He still may be compensated, but the award will be reduced if the court finds he contributed to his injuries by not buckling up and was partially at fault.
You can look up Washington state’s definition of “fault.” It is RCW 4.22.015. You will see that fault includes misusing a product, an unreasonable assumption of risk, or an unreasonable failure to avoid an injury, or to mitigate damages.
This brings us back to the woman who spilled coffee and the burglar who fell through a skylight.
In the better-known case, Stella Liebeck, 79, bought coffee at a drive-through in 1992 and spilled it on her lap as she tried to put sugar and cream in it. She was not driving the car. Her grandson was. The car was not moving.
The coffee was 180 to 190 degrees. You probably enjoy coffee at 135 to 140 degrees. Mrs. Liebeck suffered third-degree burns over 6 percent of her body. She was hospitalized for eight days and underwent skin grafts. She sued after McDonald’s declined to pay her medical expenses.
Her lawyers uncovered more than 700 claims filed against McDonald’s by people burned by its coffee between 1982 and 1992. This and other evidence was presented to a New Mexico jury in an eight-day trial. The jury awarded Mrs. Liebeck $2.7 million in punitive damages. An additional $200,000 in compensatory damages was reduced to $160,000 because the jury found Mrs. Liebeck was partially at fault.
In the lesser-known case, an 18-year-old climbed onto a roof at a Redding, Calif., high school in 1982 to steal a $35 floodlight. The young man fell 27 feet through the skylight and was permanently disabled. His lawyers obtained a $260,000 up-front settlement with the school district’s insurer, plus $1,500 a month, for the rest of the man’s life.
The settlement was ridiculed. But consider that the skylight had been painted over. It wasn’t visible. Nine months earlier, a 19-year-old man on his way to a swimming pool at another high school in the same school district fell through a painted-over skylight and died.
For centuries, people who have been injured have turned to the justice system. If you are injured, you need a compassionate lawyer who obtains the facts and knows the law.
Seattle personal injury lawyer Roger Davidheiser of the Friedman Rubin Law Firm has more than 28 years of courtroom experience. He can be contacted at (206) 501-4446.Research Note
BECVOL 3: an expansion of the aboveground biomass quantification model for trees and shrubs to include the wood component
AbstractA quantitative description of woody plant communities that aimed at aiding studies on grass–tree competition interactions, bush encroachment and estimation of food to browser herbivore species, was proposed during 1989. It evolved as the BECVOL-model and differs from other methods by being able to provide estimates for both complete plants and plant portions. The previous model provides estimates of leaf volume and leaf dry mass only and this limitation regarding estimates of the browseable component of woody plants are addressed by including the edible shoots. The need for accurate estimations of the wood component is also addressed. Complete trees of a number of savanna tree species were harvested and separated into specific biomass fractions, dried and weighed: leaves, shoots and stems in three diameter classes (<0.5 cm, >0.5–20 cm and <20 cm). Regression analyses were applied with the plant dry mass fractions as dependent variables and spatial canopy volume as the independent variable. Highly significant regressions (P < 0.001) were achieved with the curvilinear regression models (exponential and multiplicative) that yielded the highest correlation coefficients. Once incorporated into the BECVOL 3-model, these regression equations will enable a complete quantification of the aboveground biomass of woody plants within specific height strata.
Keywords: allometric, biomass, browse, modelling, savanna
African Journal of Range & Forage Science 2014, 31(2): 179–186
Published
2014-07-07
Issue
Section
Articles
Copyright for articles published in this journal is retained by the journal.JACKSONVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Keon Howard threw for touchdowns on three consecutive second-half drives and then clinched the game with a late first-down run as Tennessee Martin ran out the clock to beat Jacksonville State 34-31 on Saturday.
After Zerrick Cooper threw his second touchdown pass to put the Gamecocks, ranked No. 9 in the FCS coaches poll, ahead 24-13 late in the third quarter, the Skyhawks roared back.
Colton Dowell's 14-yard reception capped a 75-yard drive; Zoe Roberts had a 4-yard catch to end an 82-yard drive and ended a three-play, 65-yard drive with a 54-yarder for a 34-24 lead with 6:56 to play.
Jacksonville State (2-2), which won at Florida State in Week 2, quickly answered with Cooper's 2-yard run with 5:34 to go but didn't touch the ball again as eight rushes put the Skyhawks (3-1) in position to kneel down three times for the win.
Tennessee Martin, which last won a road game in this long rivalry in 1987, had 426 yards, 254 in the second half.
Howard was 19 of 24 for 255 yards. Dowell and Roberts combined for 10 catches for 157 yards and Peyton Logan and Zak Wallace combined for 130 yards on the ground.
Cooper passed for 318 yards and led the Gamecocks with 37 on the ground.
___
More AP college football: and.Every year, thousands of students from India leave their home country to fulfill their dreams of studying abroad. There are several reasons that bring Indian students to international universities.
According to The Hindu, some of the biggest reasons include lack of top-quality programs for advanced degree in Indian universities, competitiveness of international education, foreign university’s degree more valuable in the Indian job market than a local degree, and better facilities, laboratories, and a more favorable culture of research, among others.
Recognizing this, StudyFree, a US-based international edtech startup, helps Indian students make their education dreams come true.
Founded by Dasha Kroshkina in 2018, StudyFree helps students to study abroad for free with the help of grants and scholarships. It operates as an online platform that helps applicants increase their chances to get a scholarship and be admitted to universities abroad. The platform offers over 15,000 programs from a bachelor’s degree to Ph.D. with scholarships around the globe. Currently, StudyFree has over 25,000 active users from 108 countries, including Russia, Ukraine, Africa, Kazakhstan, Brazil, and Asia.
StudyFree allows students to evaluate their admissions chances and receive recommendations on improving their admissions portfolio, get access to a database of 15,000+ programs with scholarship opportunities worth over $107,000, and a step-by-step admissions plan with actual deadlines. The platform also provides samples of all admission documents and video instructions on how to prepare them, all the necessary resources for admission and relocation, and also a personal mentor to help students get it all done effortlessly.
The startup claims to have helped 23,000 students, with 98% admission success rate, and get funded for a total of $4.1 million in scholarships and grants.
StudyFree is focusing on the developing markets. However, among other developing markets, the company’s interest is on India as the founder believes in the vast potential of this country. The company believes that India is a fast-developing country that holds much potential, and that when its students get the opportunity to gain a good education abroad, they will come back to their home country with state-of-the-art knowledge and will develop the market, applying their top-quality education.
Commenting about the Indian students, StudyFree said in a statement: “We’re super excited and proud to hold interviews with Indian students to recruit them as our ambassadors. Together we can promote the values of equal and free education and help Indian students open door to the world of international opportunities.”
The idea of creating StudyFree came from Kroshkina’s own experience. Having been born in a small Russian town, she couldn’t even think about travelling or education abroad. Financial limitations, lack of family support prevented her from fulfilling her international dream. However, after securing over $100,000 in scholarships and grants, she went on to study in Spain, China, and the USA (Stanford), and later worked for an investment bank in Singapore. Having learned how it feels like to be in the situation, Kroshkina decided she should share her experience and created StudyFree to help students around the world make their dream of studying abroad come true, no matter what their financial opportunities are.
StudyFree has already raised a $600,000 pre-seed round led by Acrobator VC (the fund launched by Bas Godska and Joachim Laqueur to invest in Western and Eastern Europe), with participation from Seedstars Investment (the Berkeley Skydeck and TechStars NY accelerators), as well as Chris Adelsbach as an individual investor.
The Delaware-based StudyFree is the winner of the Seedstars World Competition 2020/21, the largest startup competition in emerging markets, and its founder Dasha Kroshkina has become the first female winner and the first winner of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS).
The Latest EdTech News To Your InboxAfter three long months, on March 26th, I passed an exam administered by the College of Financial Planning which, after completing a background screening and committing to Standards of Professional Conduct, granted me the Financial Paraplanner Qualified Professional™ (FPQP™) designation. What is the FPQP™ designation? So glad you asked! If you turn to google, the internet will tell you it’s a course of study encompassing the financial planning process, the five disciplines of financial planning and general financial planning concepts, terminology and product categories. It will go on to explain that individuals must pass an end-of-course examination, which tests their ability to synthesize complex concepts and apply theoretical concepts to real-life situations.
In simpler terms, I can now demonstrate the ability to gather, review and analyze client financial information and help assist with building a Risk Tolerance Analysis. Most importantly, this allows me to give our clients a comprehensive picture of their financial well-being. With 16 hours of continuing education required every two years, I will always be well informed of the latest trends and changes when it comes to Financial Planning.
Ultimately, I knew if I wanted to continue building strong relationships with new and current clients, as well as help those clients achieve their financial goals, I had to earn this designation. As much as I dislike taking exams, if it is in the best interest of our clients – I am all in 110%. This is why I have already started studying for my Series 65 (Investment Advisers Law Examination). I hear it is difficult, but luckily, I love a good challenge. Wish me luck!
-Moriah Boutin,FPQP™
Operations Specialist, Surevest Private WealthThe Perinton Recreation and Parks Department took home major awards at the annual Genesee Valley Recreation and Park Society Conference Friday.
The 55+ Curbside Lunch program was honored as the Program of Merit, Perinton’s relationship with Airquip Heating and Air Conditioning was honored as the Outstanding Corporate Partnership and a Perinton employee was the recipient of the Dr. Christine Z. Howe Memorial Scholarship.
The Curbside Lunch program was started in June 2020 in hopes of helping seniors during the pandemic. Seniors could order over the phone or online and pick up their meal in the Perinton Community Center loop without ever getting out of their car.
Since then, the program – headed by 55+ Director Kelly Attridge and Chef Preston Bennett – has averaged more than 109 meals 3 to 4 days a week and more than 125 a day in the past two months. On Wednesday, November 17, the program served its 30,000th lunch.
“Transitioning our regular senior lunch to a curbside option during the pandemic took this program to the next level,” said Recreation Director Jeff Nutting. “We continue to be amazed at the amount of lunches served each week and plan on this program continuing for years to come.”.”
Airquip has been a strong supporting sponsor with Perinton Rec & Parks since 2013 when it became a sponsor of the Center Stage Concert Series. It has also sponsored the annual Mighty Machine Mania event.
In 2019, two advertisers were added the back cover of the quarterly Rec & Parks Brochure. Airquip has sponsored an ad for every brochure since.
Not only has Airquip sponsored events, but they have enhanced the experience by bringing lawn games, giveaways and holding raffles.
“Airquip understands the benefits of sponsoring recreation and parks events,” Nutting said. “They realize it is an excellent opportunity for branding and exposure to the community. We are grateful for their support.”
Phillip Young, President of Airquip Heating and Air Conditioning said, “We are proud to partner with Perinton Recreation and Parks, they do amazing work! We’re happy to support them in bringing wonderful programs and events to our community.”
Linsey Reardon, Summer Camp Counselor, was honored with the Dr. Christine Z. How Memorial Scholarship by GVRPS. She is a Recreation and Leisure Management student at The College at Brockport.You have no items in your shopping cart.
Emotional Freedom Technique - learn Tapping to reduce trauma related symptoms.
Designed to reduce the negative effects of trauma and PTSD, tapping is research-based and proven to be long lasting. Unlike numerous other methods, EFT is exceptional in that it does not require re-experiencing a traumatic moment. Clients can alter the fight-flight response in their lives - whether they choose to talk about the painful event or not.
In fact, favorable changes in blood flow and cortisol levels were noted after just one hour long session. This is unlike other forms of trauma treatment where PTSD clients can experience symptoms for as much as three or more years.
Join clinician and EFT trainer Bonnie Grossman, LPC, to learn the tapping technique – and join fellow clinicians in a day of experiential practice, honing a technique that you can use immediately with clients. Bonnie will take you step-by-step through the technique and guide you through treatment planning and psychoeducation.
Sign up today for a day of skill-building to help clients in their trauma recovery.
Risks, Limitations and Current Research
Special Considerations
Bon.TechyPros ar provided many oracle apex solutions inside the recent past years. we tend to tend to use all the tools to produce best results to grow the business in effective manner
Since our launch, we’ve got developed numerous internet applications, we have a tendency to specialise in PHP
internet development and offers several frameworks and CMS to our purchasers for his or her needs.
We can work on Laravel, CakePhp, Codeigniter, YII
We developed blogs for our purchasers by victimisation WordPress, Joomla
We provide best E- Commerce solutions integrated with WordPress, Magento, OpenCart
Due to a extremely competitive market, for each undefeated internet application there’s continually a desire to own an eye fixed catching web site layout to draw in the audience
We produce internet styles and mockups for our shoppers to pick higher one for his or her web site
We produce Logos as per the business desires
Techypros long history of success has come back from serving to our shoppers on varied totally differentmobile app comes. we’ve the abilities and knowledge to figure closely with you on everything.
Design and development Mobile application
We have ability to form cross platform applications
Not ranking on search engines? decide however we will get your website hierarchal. Get a free SEO Audit · Low Monthly prices · Generate a lot of Leads
PROVIDING PERSONALIZED AND
CALL NOW+17203811383
MAIL NOWinfo@techypros.net mobile jaw crusher rental ssimarketing jaw crushers jaw crusher supplier stone
Jaw crusher rental jaw crusher for sale what is the for rent terex evoquip bison 280 mobile jaw crusher the bison 280 jaw crusher is a compact and aggressive track mobile jaw crusher featuring the proven terex single toggle jaw crusher.
Mobile jaw crusher for sale and crushers for sale or rent jaw crusher parts service mar 15, 2013 search used mobile jaw crusher price to find your need. zenith mining and construction machinery is a global manufacturer and supplier, We supply full crushing and
Jaw crushers equipment for sale or lease frontline used 2008 striker mobile jaw crusher for sale. this a well maintained unit and in a good overall condition. the unit has done 11044.the jaw has a 1070 750 feed opening and is perfect for primary crushing applications
Mobile jaw crusher in south africa gumtree classifieds jaw mobileas a leading global manufacturer of crushing
Used mobile jaw crusher price worldcrushers mobile trackedmounted crushing equipment for sale rent mobile crushers frontline travelled the globe in search of the best mobile crushing manufacturers for the canadian market and came back with two worldclass leading brands keestrack and gipo. more details jaw crushers for sale or rent jaw crusher parts service
How much is the price of a jaw crusher mini rock jaw crushers price or rentmini rock jaw crushers price or rentmini rock jaw crushers price or rent crusher aggregate equipment for ren listings 880 super junior gravelmaster closed circuit crushing plant deck screen master rt roll crusher lh drive 1236 wrb jaw crusher plate feeder with, mini mini jaw crushers price or rent
Mobile crusher rentals nh ma me jaw plants cone.
Jaw crushers for sale mylittlesalesman com powerscreen premiertrak 400 mobile jaw crusher powerscreen premiertrak 400 online brochure the powerscreen premiertrak 400 range of high-performance primary jaw crushing plants are designed for medium scale operators in quarrying, demolition, recycling and
Mobile jaw crushers crushersforsale jaw and cone crusher price and rent, process crusher, mining jaw and cone crusher price and rent views. the liming is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world, located in china,india, along with other
Crushking pickup tow crusher.
Mobile jaw crusher price rent jaw crusher solustrid portable jaw tracked gravel mobile crusher price find complete details about portable jaw tracked gravel mobile crusher price,mobile crusher price,tracked gravel mobile crusher,portable jaw tracked gravel mobile crusher from supplier or zhongxiang machinery equipment Co ltd.
terex evoquip bison mobile jaw crusher oag
Mobile crusher on rent in india get price; ajaw crusher for sale rental new used jaw crushers. jaw crusher for sale rental rock dirt search from of listings for new used jaw crushers for sale or rental updated daily from of dealers private sellers. get price; anew and used screening and crushing jaw crusher
Buy hire used mobile jaw crushers rental bost group for rent terex evoquip bison mobile jaw crusher the bison is our most compact mobile jaw crushing plant, providing an ideal solution for construction companies and contractors who want to recycle their construction and demolition waste onsite.
Portable jaw crusher for rent worldcrushers jaw crusher is fully mobile, single toggle crusher ideal for crushing in primary or secondary applications, including the reduction of run-of-mine ore, blasted rock, river gravel, and demolition or recycled concrete. recommended for.
Mobile jaw crusher for sale and rent is slightly higher.
Mobile jaw crusher price rent soby price reduced. $129,900 2010 mobile home for sale. 1295 avenue Ne moose jaw, SK canada. price reduced. $57,000 you can also find manufactured housing for rent in moose jaw, sk, mobile home lots for sale in moose jaw, sk, mobile home lots for rent in moose jaw, sk, manufactured home communities in moose jaw, sk. home.
Used mobile jaw crusher price worldcrushers mobile jaw crushers To rent In indonesia. mobile jaw crushers To rent In indonesia environmental protection energy-saving low cost product capacity max feeding size output size jaw crusher is the vital equipment in crushing industry the highest compressive strength of the crushing materials is pa get price list leave Us
Jaw crushers heavy duty terex finlay mobile and portable primary jaw crushers for sale & rent mobile and portable jaw crushing plants. having a reliable, agile, and fuel-efficient jaw crusher is important when processing recycled concrete read more.
Mobile jaw crusher for sale rent
Mobile jaw crusher rent sianskaraoke co za mobile jaw crusher price rent kaolin equipment suppliers. mobile jaw crusher price rent mobile jaw crusher price rent grinding mill equipmentgrinding machine coal crusher wet grinder mn tonne. prices quote. jaw and cone crushers price and rent. jaw and cone crushers price and rent. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding
mobile homes for sale in moose jaw saskatchewan mobile jaw crusher, also called mobile jaw crushing plant, has provided a new business opportunity for mining contractors, quarry operators, and investors. request quotation. mobile jaw crusher for rent russia views. the zenith is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world, located in china,india, along with other
Mini mini jaw crushers price or rent jaw crusher mar 21, 2013 are you looking for the portable rock crushers for rent portable jaw crushers, impact crushers, portable conveyors and more. portable concrete crushers for rent heavy construction equipment refers to heavy-duty vehicles, specially designed for executing construction tasks.
Mobile jaw crusher with high quality and low price fote you can buy or hire used mobile jaw crushers at very affordable prices. At bost group, we have a wide range of mobile jaw crushers available for rent. call 1800 267 847.
Crusher hire cone crusher hire jaw crusher hire
terex evoquip bison mobile jaw crusher oag
Portable jaw crushers for rent mobile crushing station rent. condition. all. new. manufacturer refurbished. used. for parts Or not working kleemann MZ jaw crusher call for price. mobile crushers & screens; mobile jaw crushers; call for price. make; kleemann model; MZ year 2008; model: mc-120-z serial: build: 2008 engine hours: 6895.8 crusher hours: 3653 engine: scania 371
Price of jaw crusher ethiopia bhartiagroup com feb 09, 2021 2013 sandvik jaw crusher. 3311 hours this machine has a massive jaw opening maximum feed size is single toggle jaw crusher. engine is a cat acert,
Eccentric mobile gravel engine small portable jaw mobile mobile crusher rentals in nh, ma, me. you can rent jaw plants, cone plants, screen plants for any job in new hampshire, massachusetts and mainePosted 2021-11-23, Go to Source The Signal
Zantrex is one of the weight loss supplements brands that have become extremely popular in recent times, with Zantrex Black. Every time you research fat loss supplements, you bump into Zantrex black reviews that glorify it, as the be-all, end-all of weight loss. Their branding is top notch. They offer a range... read full story
Related News
The 6 Best Weight Loss Pills That Actually Work in 2021New York Observer 2021-11-15, 18:42
Guaranteed Weight Loss Pills For Women And MenThe Signal 2021-11-16, 15:58
5 Best Metabolism Booster Pills to Burn Body FatNew York Observer 2021-11-24, 03:15
Related News
Popular News Stories
We are the 97 percent. Climate Crocks goes to AGU
December 5, 2011
Well, this should be interesting.
I’ll be at the American Geophysical Union conference in San Francisco this week – one of the biggest, if not the biggest, scientific gatherings of the year. These will be all the people who actually know the most about climate change, and are best positioned to judge how serious how serious things really are. As survey’s have shown, 97 percent of working, publishing climate scientists agree that it’s happening, and we’re doing it.
I’ve loaded a number of new blog posts in the wordpress hopper, cranked out the new video you see on this page, and cleared the decks so I can meet and talk to as many experts as I can during the week. If all goes well, I’ll be able to share what I learn.
With any luck, I’ll be able to blog and tweet any significant news, maybe grab some video bites, and, of course gather with my co-conspirators in the New World Order.
December 5, 2011 at 2:18 am
Great, Peter. All the best.
December 5, 2011 at 6:26 am
There we go again. If all those people are the experts who know how to judge the situation then the value of this blog is nil apart from when the experts are quoted verbatim.
PS care to remind who’ll pay for your quality time with the scientific club that’s got an English Major as board member?
December 5, 2011 at 3:36 pm
It would seem to me that the value of this blog and the associated video series lies in its ability to bridge the gap between research and the communication of that research with it’s implications.
Not to mention addressing the overarching problem of all the FUD and disinformation that gets churned out by the denialist movement.
But who am I kidding? I’m clearly on the payroll too, living large off the fat checks those ultra-wealthy scientists pay me to support their clearly evil, yet nebulous and hard to define, ever shifting goals!! Crafty bastards the lot of them. 😛
December 5, 2011 at 10:33 pm
Maurizio,
If you must know, I’m paying for Peter’s AGU trip – because I get a kick out of watching him make a fool out of you. Keep it up.
December 5, 2011 at 10:44 pm
What an incredibly puerile comment you’ve written, charleszeller. Perhaps the AGU will give you a prize for it.
December 6, 2011 at 12:35 am
Guilty as charged. It was a spontaneous school yard reaction to your history of baseless attacks on Peter Sinclair’s integrity.
December 6, 2011 at 1:03 am
What’s “integrity” got to do with “writing a remark that removes value from his own blog”???
If I though Peter were phony or worse, I wouldn’t be posting here.
December 5, 2011 at 2:15 pm
I’m sure it will be time well spent. Put in a good word for us with the New World Order higher ups.
December 5, 2011 at 3:59 pm
Gorbin – are you suggesting Peter is an expert in disinformation? 🙂
I’m simply pointing out the fact that appeals to (external) authority can only result in the appealer’s self-defeat.
December 5, 2011 at 4:21 pm
climate deniers prefer, well, lets call it, the George Bush method of inquiry.
If it feels good in my tummy, I cling to it for dear life.
sorry – when I want a diagnoses, I go to the doctor who is an expert – it’s not an “appeal to authority” – it’s common sense.
December 6, 2011 at 3:41 am
I have to say Maurizio, your assertion sounds more like philosophy than fact and as such, I don’t find it convincing.
I’d ask you to back it up or explain it, but you’d probably have to reference an authority of some sort in which case you would have, apparently, defeated yourself.
December 5, 2011 at 4:32 pm
And continuing your analogy…people go to the doctor, they don’t go to read the doctor’s thoughts as interpreted by a self-proclaimed non-doctor who feels like bridging the gap between the doctor and the general public.
December 5, 2011 at 4:42 pm
I think you describe yourself. I just said I am going directly to the doctors.
You have another idea, apparently
December 6, 2011 at 4:05 am
If you’re really hung up on the doctor thing…a doctor may refer a patient to and/or work with a dietitian regarding a patients health and their diet.
A dietitian (not a doctor by the way), will have to interpret the information from the doctor, combine it with their own knowledge and advise the patient.
Seems to me that there’s a gap being bridged in that scenario between the doctor and members of the general public.
December 5, 2011 at 6:20 pm
No, am explaining why you’ve just posted something that ruins your own blog’s reputation. If you don’t get that, I’m not surprised.
December 6, 2011 at 8:42 pm
Maurizio,
“If I though Peter were phony or worse, I wouldn’t be posting here.”
Fair enough. I overreacted to your “care to remind who’ll pay for your quality time with the scientific club that’s got an English Major as board member?” remark.
Which Followed this sentence – “There we go again. If all those people are the experts who know how to judge the situation then the value of this blog is nil apart from when the experts are quoted verbatim.”
Like your blog, this is climate science journalism, not a tape recorder.
Peace.
December 6, 2011 at 10:33 pm
Peace to you Charles. I don’t think this blog has nil value. I do think it’s beyond the absurd for a blogger to seek refuge in authorities. It’d be like a school of fish talking about the superiority of dry sand. 😎iPhone 5s case recommendation, a case with open top and bottom
Submitted by Ipadman on Wednesday, May 29, 2019.
Forum
Hardware and Accessories
Hi there, I'm completely blind so finding a new iPhone case is, as you might imagine, quite difficult.
If anyone could recommend a case brand that is open at the top and bottom so I can put headphones and a USB drive into my phone without having to wrestle it out of its case first, I would be grateful.
Also, I have seen a few but they're very expensive so if there are any that are less than $30, that will be good.
Be careful on a price point
Hi. I just want to give a friendly warning. Yes, cases are expensive. My Otterbox is very fat, it also saved my last phone when it was dropped, cracked in the corners and the screen protector had a huge spiderweb. In fact the woman taking off the case, said, how the hell did you do this and survive? Lol. Anyway you also want to be wary of leaving it vulnerable to exposure. In other words, there's a ton of crap that can get into the holes of your speaker and the lightning port. Probably the headphone jack too. With most cases, both of them have a little rubber or plastic piece covering each of the phone's ports. You can probably just open them, leaving them open when you need t use them. It's a good idea to have them closed when you're not, see above grossness. :) hope that helps somewhat.
The Otterbox Defender is
The Otterbox Defender is really great with a belt clip and very very rugged. Kind of bulky but worth it. The Otterbox conmuter is very protective but not as bulky. They both are spendy but you get what you pay for and the company's customer service is fantastic. I hopes this helps a bit.Initials is one of the UK’s fastest growing independent creative agencies. Experts in; Brand Development & Activation, Shopper Marketing, Ecommerce, Content, CRM and Technology. Providing elevated thinking for brands aiming to thrive in a challenging and ever-changing world; Initials marry focused planning with creative excellence to deliver considered, inventive and ambitious campaigns in both global markets and the UK. Home to a team of over 50 people with countless individual strengths, we work with a broad collection of clients that include: Heineken, PepsiCo, Twinings, Britvic, The Gap Partnership, Edrington, Philips, Harley Davidson and McLaren.Sofia: New programme will reshape the city in the next 6 years
Here are the goals of the new 'Programme for Sofia' a document to tackle multiple interconnected issues in the city by fostering collaboration
The one-way trip will take 40 minutes when reconstruction is completed in September 2022
Once used by many locals going to work or school, Horgos railway station now stands like a ghost of its past amid the wilderness. No one is waiting on the platform by the empty building with graffiti-ridden walls; the rails are overgrown with grass and weeds; a rusty gate closes the tracks which have seen no train rumbling along since 2015, when railway traffic between Szeged and its sister city Subotica ceased.
But, rest assured, the story of the railway running through Horgos, Serbian village in the autonomous province of Vojvodina and border crossing to Hungary, will have a happy ending, and not in some distant future but in 14 months time, when its overhaul is planned to be completed.
The Subotica-Szeged railway renovation project was given a final boost last week when the Serbian government and a consortium of companies signed a contract in Belgrade to renovate the section between Subotica and Horgos, reports Pannon RTV. The value of the investment is 10,277 billion Serbian dinars (about 87 million euros).
The Hungarian government has already engaged Lőrinc Mészáros to build the section of the line between Szeged and Horgos. In this connection, Sándor Nagy, the deputy mayor of Szeged responsible for urban development, draws attention to the conspicuous disparity in construction costs. While Mészáros, whom he calls the Hungarian king of public procurement, will build 18 kilometres of line for nearly 45 billion forints, the 50-km section in Serbia will cost the equivalent of just over 30 billion forints, according to Nagy’s Facebook post.
Costs aside, the overhauled Szeget-Subotica line will become one of the most modern electrified railways in Europe, with trains running at 120 km/h, state-of-the-art equipment and signalling and safety systems in line with European standards, says Serbian Minister of Transport Tomislav Momirović. The rails will be replaced, and the embankments will also be renewed. On the Serbian side, the buildings of the stations in Palic, Királyhalm and Horgos, and the stops at the Customs Warehouse and Hajdújár, will be up for renovation, as well as 13 road crossings.
István Pásztor, President of the Hungarian Association of Vojvodina, commented on Facebook that when the line becomes operational in September 2022, people can get from Subotica to Szeged by train in forty minutes. This will especially aid commuters who live in border settlements but work elsewhere in Serbia or Hungary. The politician also expressed hope that the renovation work will be extended from Subotica to the railway’s final destination - Baja, in the foreseeable future.
Sándor Nagy cautions that the promised 40-minute trip from Szeged to Subotica will be only possible if border control becomes “extremely flexible”. Achieving this can turn out to be a bigger task than the reconstruction itself, says Szeged’s deputy螯蝦
(Culinary Profile)
Crawfish or Crayfish, it depends on your geographical context. In China, it’s called xiao lóngxiā (小龙虾), or ‘little lobster because the taste of Crawfish is not so different from lobster. Its usually less tough and more subtle than shrimp, its claws have a distinctive taste that is sweet and light. Boil it the old-fashion way to savour the succulent meat or if you are craving something fiery, try the highly addictive, numbing Sichuan Mala recipe.The Devil’s In The Data
A wild, yet repeatable three-voice Modulated Monophonic Harmonizing Phase-Locked Loop (PLL), EarthQuaker Devices‘,.
Main Features:
- Wild Three-Voice Guitar Synthesizer w. Crushing Square Wave Fuzz
- Frequency Modulator produces smooth portamento pitch-bends (Glide mode) or retro sci-fi laser effects (Vibrato mode)
- Master Oscillator and Subharmonic dials allow for harmonies up to three octaves above and below your original signal
- True Bypass
- Silent relay-based switching
- All-analog signal path
- Top-mounted jacks – for effortless pedalboard implementation
Available: Now
Authorised ADG dealers can visit the ADG Hub dealer portal for additional information, product pictures, webtexts etc.Brewery to offer discounted bottles of select aged Northwest sour ales
About Cascade Brewing
Cascade Brewing has been a pioneer in the sour beer renaissance since 2006 and; the company also has two taprooms in Portland, the Cascade Brewing Barrel House in Southeast, and the Lodge at Cascade Brewing in Southwest.blog
blog • Children, Families and Nation • Circles • featured • Health and Wellbeing • Life Long Learning • Local Nation • Local Nations • MTN News • news • Pinaymootang
Treaty 2 Territory – Pinaymootang First Nation Chief Garnet Woodhouse & Council took time this week to honour and congratulate their very own Dr. Kyle Zachary Hall. After 7 years of determination and hard work, Kyle graduated from Max Rady College of Medicine at the University of Manitoba and is destined to begin his work …
June 11, 2021
featured • Internal and External Relations • news • Regional Offices
Treaty …
October 29, 2020
featured • Local Nations • news
O-Chi-Chak-Ko- Sipi – With a check stop and controlled entrance into their Nation, O-Chi-Chak-Ko-Sipi First Nation is postponing the election of Chief and Council until November 28, 2020 due to the seriousness of Covid-19 virus. O-Chi-Chak-Ko- Sipi First Nation acknowledges that the current mandate of elected officials expires at the end of May 2020 and
April 18, 2020
featured • Natural World • news
Treaty 2 Territory – Shawn Gurke is the GIS/Tech Helper (Specialist) for the First Nations in Treaty 2 Territory. Immediately after completing a Business Administration Diploma at Red River College Shawn founded his own company at the age of 20 – Kasmere Lake Outdoor Adventures, Ltd. in Northern Manitoba where he had spent his summers working
April 15, 2020
blog • featured • Local Nations • MTN News • news
Treaty 2 Territory – The First Nations in Treaty 2 Territory would like to wish Marlen Edwards of Lake Manitoba First Nation and Mya Kubrakovich of Pine Creek First Nation all the best in the 2019/2020 Manitoba AAA hockey playoffs. Marlen Edwards, of Lake Manitoba, currently leads in playoff goals with the Winnipeg AAA Bantam …
March 6, 2020
featured • Internal and External Relations • MTN News • news
Treaty 2 Territory – The Anishinaabe peoples have occupied these territories since time immemorial. They had their own justice system prior to colonial systems being imposed. The Government of First Nations of Treaty 2 Territory (FNT2T) are taken aback that the Government of Manitoba made a decision regarding the closure of the Dauphin Correctional
February 4, 2020
blog • featured • MTN News • news
Treaty 2 Territory – Grand Chief Eugene Eastman joined the First Nations in Treaty 2 Territory staff at the Government Building in Dauphin on Wednesday, January 29, 2020 during the Rebuilding Our Nation session. Grand Chief Eastman shared some of his experiences as Ogimaa (leader). One of things Grand Chief shared was his teachings by …
January 30, 2020
blog • Events • featured • news
Treaty …
December 2, 2019......Who the only two asking for autographs. And we can try again on Saturday, ok?
And two small videos with Angela's intervention
1. In the first one she says how grateful she is for being invited to this event
2. In the second one she says that she still consideres herself Romanian and she has never leaved the country. She comes here every 3-4 months too see her family and friends.
3. And an interview for TVR Cultural taken during the same day. She says that she's always nervous before a show. But that "the black hole" in front of her (the opera or cancert hall in the dark) helps her a lot. She's nervous but she has the total control, knowing that people expect so much from her.
Free Blog Counter
Poker Blog
SUPERB CE AI FACUT AICI, IRINA!
Multumesc. Urmeaza si pozele de la concert. In curand.
Sei stata veramente fortunata!!!!Many reasons can be found precisely why, as a company president, we would check out merchant advance loan companies for expense.
Exactly what include gurus of a vendor advance mortgage for startups
Vendor payday loans businesses could offer many different advantageous assets to little proprietors experiencing with money while in the first stages of.Let look more directly at the reason profit that will be business could be an excellent selection for startups.
They re easy to submit an application for
The program is simple, rapid, and straight forward. Many vendor cash loan carriers lets you use totally using the internet by posting the vast majority of records this is certainly giving support to the internet site. Based on the length of time it will require one to complete the regimen, an usually takes from around around an hour or two to a few instances becoming ed.
When an user has been accepted for an,they will get their particular info in just two days.
Most vendor advance loan applications for startups incorporate a survey asking for the details that is appropriate
You don require credit which best
An excuse that will be large creators aim to merchant cash advances in the first place is principally because acquired problem safeguarding much more old-fashioned credit needing a credit score. Whether considering sub-standard credit or possibly a lack of credit score, tiny proprietors who are not in a position to secure capital through banking companies often wish to merchant cash advance payday loans enterprises getting a alternative that is ideal. Many loan providers have no need for credit definitely best. online payday loans North Carolina With that said, they might probably need you to meet a minimal credit rating get frequently between to be able to be eligible for an .
One aspect multiple are an extremely credit score. If your enterprise have a charge card, but the lender will quite see any pre current debts whether the gives required for funding in the earlier days.
Commitments are actually functional
Unlike a traditional financial, in which you re protected to a repaired repayment routine, companies advance financing duties become proportional your quantity of we produce every 30 days. This could be particularly beneficial to startups, as responsibilities are usually paid off during reduced a lot of period where bank card income ended up being actually lower allowing them to continue to be afloat as they attempt to safe further money that is employed.
We don have to setting upwards any protection
a vendor advance loan could be a wise alternatives to invest in your own startup should you decide re concerned about private responsibility. A are not at an increased risk if you default in the payments unlike additional ways of funding, your organization. The reason being there is no equity requirement for s, unlike cost funding, eg.
Rapid approvals and discharge of funds
You re improbable ahead an acquiring a personal debt that trying to find the capital the moment.Unlike main-stream financial loans from banking institutions which have lengthy regimen parece and bring more hours to designate funding, ‘ve got rather quicker endorsement costs and thriving discharge of funds. As mentioned previous, several loaning businesses guaranty a variety in a morning or two. After you re inside a cashflow situation, this turnaround that will be quick end up being described as a life saver on your own .
Preciselywhat are a few of the downsides of business cash loan for startups
Vendor payday loans, while featuring benefits l expense, appear utilizing a great number of drawbacks. For that reason, they re never the greatest money choice for ones.We ve l a reasons that are few a for everybody.
Companies payday loans moderated
Unlike highly operated finance companies and credit providers, supplier cash advance loans manufacturers limited by legal restrictions. Some contracts demand extremely high interest levels and tack on unrealistic repayment terminology taking advantage of potentially desperate owners for that reason.
They re costlier than common financial loans
In comparison to different products that are now economic tend to be relatively costlier. While funding expenses generally feature, vendor loan healing rates can shed anywhere from.The fact is, the percentage definitely annual for an charge is really as very much like.
Your personal businesses just might become restricted
Just like every little thing in everyday life, there’ll always be a tiny subset from the population that attempts to hack the computer. Vendor cash loan businesses need to protect independently against proprietors with obtained a business advance loan however encourage their unique purchasers to spend by money. Most likely, no funds can be conducted in case the have any charge or mastercard money
To protect from this, many lenders place limitations on how we run your own as it pertains to charge card commitments. Some appropriate agreements restrict you against challenging customers to spend by credit card and providing discounts which are special profit resources. Particular agreements may forbid holders from also changing credit organizations while in the installment years.Giant Drag - "Kevin is Gay" from Hearts and Unicorns; Kickball
Nada Surf - "Do It Again" from The Weight is a Gift; Barsuk
Diamond Nights - "Destination Diamonds" from Popsicle; Kemado
OK Go - "Do What You Want" from Oh No; Capitol
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club - "Ain't No Easy Way" from Howl; RCA
Portastatic - "I Wanna Know Girls" from Bright Ideas; Merge
Superchunk - "The First Part" from Foolish; Merge
Minutemen - "No One" from 3-Way Tie (For Last); SST
The Double - "Idiocy" from Loose in the Air; Matador
Aesop Rock - "Food, Clothes, Medicine" from Fast Cars, Danger, Fire and Knives; Definitive Jux
The Eyeliners - "Do Anything You Wanna Do" from No Apologies; Blackheart
Go Betty Go - "Saturday" from Nothing is More; Side One Dummy
Sufjan Stevens - "Come On! Feel the Illinoise" from Illinois; Asthmatic Kitty
John Vanderslice - "Continuation" from Pixel Revolt; Barsuk
Koufax - "Why Bother At All" from Hard Times Are in Fashion; Doghouse
The Dandy Warhols - "Smoke It" from Odditorium or Warlords of Mars; Capitol
Hail Social - "Hands Are Tied" from Hail Social; Polyvinyl
Ween - "Mutilated Lips" from The Mollusk; Elektra
Sleater-Kinney - "Rollercoaster" from The Woods; Sub Pop
Felt - "Employees of the Year" from Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet; Rhymesayers
Jawbreaker - "Boxcar" from 24 Hour Revenge Therapy; Tupelo-Communion
Jets to Brazil - "You're Having the Time of my Life" from Four Cornered Night; Jade Tree
Frantic Mantis - "Creation Sickness" from Data is Not Information; Lujo
Low - "When I Go Deaf" from The Great Destroyer; Sub Pop
Hartley Goldstein - "Brad Wood" from Songs in the Key of Zoloft; self-released
Sonic Youth - "Dirty Boots" from Goo; GeffenTexans vs. Titans third quarter recap: Tennessee claws back, 19-6
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
Texans vs. Titans first quarter recap
Texans vs. Titans second quarter recap
Texans 5th drive (13 plays, 40 yards, 7:24) — The Texans put together a productive drive that churned yards, melted clock, picked up a fourth-and-inches. P Cam Johnston punted 30 yards from the Titans’ 35-yard line on a fourth-and-9. WR Chester Rogers muffed the punt, and S Tremon Smith recovered the loose ball at the Titans’ 5-yard line.
Texans 6th drive (3 plays, 5 yards, 0:36) — The Texans capitalize as QB Tyrod Taylor rushes for a 5-yard touchdown on a third-and-goal. The extra point is good. Texans, 19-0
Titans 6th drive (13 plays, 78 yards, 4:36) — Sooner or later, you knew the Titans offense wouldn’t be shutout. Tennessee scored a touchdown with QB Ryan Tannehill throwing an 18-yard pass to WR Dez Fitzpatrick. K Randy Bullock missed the extra point. Texans, 19-6
Texans 7th drive (3 plays, -2 yards, 1:04) — Houston had a sloppy time with footing and executing, as they went three-and-out.
Titans 7th drive () — The Titans got the ball back, but the rain is mucking things up. The drive continues into the fourth quarter.During.
Dr. D.B. Skewes, Dr. Griffiths’ brother-in-law and recently discharged from the R.A.A.F., and Dr. W.L. Sloss, son of Dr. W.A. Sloss, recently discharged from the A.I.F., were asked to join, and accepted as partners. The Ballarat Group Practice commenced operation on the 1st August 1946.
Although the eventual plan was to have a central building as a clinic for the Group, the partners initially conducted their practices from their own surgeries; 710 Sturt St, 706 Sturt St, 125 Victoria St. and 425 Sturt St.
In April 1954, the plan to establish a central clinic was realised when the Group bought Dr. W.A. Sloss’s house at 706 Sturt Street – where we continued to practice until January 2018.
It was agreed however to maintain the Victoria Street Clinic, as it was felt there was a need for a surgery to service that area of the city.
By 1962, the Victoria Street Practice had increased greatly and consequently in early 1963 the property at 63 Victoria Street was purchased with a view to building a suitable clinic to cope with the increased number of patients. The new building opened on Monday 29th June 1964.
In mid 1969 it was suggested that due to a considerable growth in population in the Wendouree area, the Group should investigate the prospect of building a clinic to better serve that area of Ballarat. The Howitt Street Practice opened its doors on the 14th December 1970.
The Ballarat Group Practice was seventy years old on the 1st of August 2016 and is proud of its reputation of having given good medical service to Ballarat. We are aiming to maintain our high standards as we move forward with confidence.
The Ballarat Group Practice is owned by 12 current principals of the Practice and provides all the administrative and support services required by the doctors who work at the Practice.Simply visit your online Boutique (desktop) or My Account (mobile) between the 1st and the 5th of the month and select the Skip This Month option. From the mobile app, tap on the “Account” tab and then “Account Info.” Scroll to the bottom of the page to skip the month., My Account, or Account Info; at this time, customers are not able to skip the month via voicemail or email.Welcome to the official website for the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Alabama.
Hon. James J. Robinson, Chief Judge
Hon. Tamara O. Mitchell, Judge
Hon. Jennifer H. Henderson, Judge
Hon. Clifton R. Jessup, Jr., Judge
Hon. D. Sims Crawford, Judge
Joseph E. Bulgarella, Clerk
Court Locations
Other Resources
News & Announcements
Mon, 2021-11-15
Mon, 2021-11-01
Mon, 2021-11-01Faux an ‘Artisan Vegan Butchers & Delicatessen‘ has recently opened it’s doors on Mansfield Road in Sherwood.
It is the latest venture of Richie Stainsby and Lauren Nally, the owners of the well renowned No. Twelve restaurant in Nottingham.
As you may expect from the tagline of the place, they are selling a whole load of vegan meat substitutes trying to be as close to the real thing in taste and texture as they can.
The website describes and has pictures of some of their ‘meats’, I thought that the photos of the ‘Sticky brisket’, ‘Chicken Thigh’ and ‘Glazed Pork Belly’ looked pretty good so I was curious to pay them a visit
I popped in this weekend to have a look, on the counter they were offering some of their range of ‘meats’, Vegan cheeses from Honestly Tasty, a selection of Vegan sandwiches and some rather tasty looking cakes supplied by local bakery Studio Chocolate (read more here).
VEGAN SANDWICH COUNTER
The sandwiches on the counter at Faux were looking on point, and I loved that there was so much attention to detail and effort in the presentation and the wrapping!
They say that often you ‘Eat with your eyes‘ and in this case it was true as the care taken as to how these sandwiches were displayed certainly played a part in my decision to get one for lunch.
SANDWICH MENU
The Sandwich menu board was listing a ‘Faux Club‘, a ‘No Donna‘, a ‘Reuben‘ and a ‘Spicy Mango’ all priced between £5.50 and £6 which sounded pretty reasonable to me
I was torn between the Faux Club and a Reuben which are two of my all time favourite sandwiches combinations.
The Faux Club is described as being made up with ‘Vegan chicken, Stilton, Garlic Mayonaise, Gem lettuce, and Tomato, served on ciabatta‘.
I may well have had one of those but I like my Club sandwiches toasted so instead I turned my attention to the Reuben
The Reuben was described as being ‘Thinly sliced pastrami, sauerkraut, pickles, rocket, whole grain mustard, and cheese‘ also served on a ciabatta.
That sounded good to me so I ordered one of those.
REUBEN SANDWICH FROM FAUX
The Faux salami was pretty decent both in flavour and texture, and while I may have liked a little bit more in my sandwich I was happy with my first taste of their meat substitute.
I enjoyed the sauerkraut, the pickles, the mustard, and the rocket salad that were inside the ciabatta roll which was a nice bit of Quality bread to house it all in.
They had managed to pack a whole lot of great flavour inside that bun, and if I was up this way again looking for a sandwich for lunch I would not hesitate to come back in again for another one 👍
On the counter after I had ordered I saw some Faux Black Pudding which looked decent and the pictures of the Chicken thigh and Glazed Pork belly on the website also piqued my curiosity to try out on another day. I also really like the cakes that they were selling from Studio Chocolate, but that is another story (read more here)
I was pleasantly surprised with my first taste from Faux in Sherwood. Honestly I will come back again to try some more of their fare!
Faux Artisan Vegan Butchers & Delicatessen is located at 608 Mansfield Rd in Sherwood Nottingham. It is pretty close to the crossing with Newstead St and Winchester St, park in the Winchester Street car park for free (handy hint)
Check them out on their Instagram Profile for up to date info, and their website for all the detailsMy?
“Deb! Deb! You okay? Are you having a seizure?”
Oh, I was having a seizure. Thick, viscous, disgusting mucous oozing down my chin onto my hospital gown. And the phone, stuck to my hand. Shouldn’t I be doing something with it? Why was it still in my hand?
I was shaking, drooling. A grand-mal seizure. In hospital, after my first brain surgery.
I couldn’t have a seizure! I had one more brain surgery to go. They might decide I shouldn’t undergo the next one. I couldn’t wait another six months for the second surgery.
It had only been hours since the first brain surgery, maybe a day. And I was experiencing a grand-mal seizure. A very odd sensation. The shaking I couldn’t control, the animal noises… Why couldn’t I control it? Why was my body not my own?
I was on the phone to Cindy, the phone attached to me, to my hand. She suggested I was experiencing a seizure. A seizure?! No, no! I couldn’t have a seizure now! If the surgeon found out about it, he might refuse to perform the second surgery. He said that if the first went well, he’d do the second a day later. If not, they’d have to wait six months.
I couldn’t wait another six months! I needed to get this over with. I have to start rebuilding as soon as possible, reclaiming my place in the world, getting back to normal.
My life as it had been over the past few months, since the bleeds, wasn’t much of a life. It was no more than an existence, putting one step in front of the other. My entire life revolved around the bloody brain, surviving obstacles it kept throwing my way, hour by hour, day by day. I wanted move on. I needed to move on.
I heard myself swearing into the phone: “Shit, shit, shit, shit!”
Cindy chuckled. But it wasn’t funny.
The saliva was repulsive, soaking my hospital gown. Thick and sticky. Coating the flimsy gown with a layer of glistening slime. I recoiled when my finger brushed against with it. So revolting, beyond revolting.
Cindy insisted I press the call button to call a nurse to report the seizure. All I could think of was about my next surgery, and the slime. I couldn’t stand it. My chin was coated with it, as was my gown. If I’d only worn a bib.
She asked me to hang up the phone so she could alert the nurses. I wasn’t sure how to do that. The phone was still glued to my hand, a fact I was incapable of processing. Cindy repeated her request several times before I was able to figure it out.
My next memory was of medical personnel swarming around me. They seemed skeptical that I’d suffered a seizure.
Perhaps the nurse who’d been monitoring me through a window, from the hallway, hadn’t noticed anything. How could he have not noticed? He’d seemed so nice when I met him earlier. His name was Brian and was from Scotland. Or was it England? Or Ireland?
I pointed to the saliva, glistening on my chin, soaking my gown—their skepticism evaporated.
They sprang into action, rushing to and fro. Did they take me for an EEG? Or did they administer it right then and there? I couldn’t make sense of my surroundings. What they said, what they did, was irrelevant—my anxiety over the second surgery reigned consumed my all.
A lifetime later, my neurosurgeon made his rounds, checking on his patients, checking on me. “How do you feel?”
“Fine.”
“So it’s a go tomorrow?”
I nodded. “It’s a go.”
He smiled and patted my leg.
I was going to be all right.
Coating
My?Black Friday Offer till Nov 30th ! Unlimited Continuing Education only @$199 ! CLICK HERE to view.
Published: November, 2021
2 Credits
$20
2 CPE credit of Personnel / Human Resources year, untold numbers of businesses are launched across the United States, and the unfortunate truth is that most of them will fail.
Why is it that some businesses thrive and grow, while most close up shop within a few years?
There are many factors, including access to capital, understanding one’s marketplace, an ability to innovate, and—not to be underestimated—some good old-fashioned luck. But there is one factor that nearly all business owners can control that may directly determine long-term business success: hiring the right people, and coalescing them into a successful and powerful team.
Many companies, including some of the biggest tech titans like Facebook or Google, have humble beginnings. Things usually start with a tight-knit core group that shares the same passion and drive.
Then, after a few years of hard work, elbow grease, and some good luck, that familial team can balloon into an army. And while this is usually the hallmark of success, it also presents a whole new set of challenges to those leading teams within these high-growth organizations.
As a business grows, the founders will be adding more people to the team and begin to organize those people to ensure that the company is successful.
With your company expanding at a rapid pace, you can no longer employ the same management tactics you used when your entire team could share a single pizza.
You must understand how to organize a team.Bru.
The most common and effective remedy for clenching and grinding during sleep is a custom mouth guard. Occlusal Guards are removable devices that fit over the teeth and are used to help prevent the wearing down of teeth during sleep due to nighttime grinding and clenching..
Mouth Guards
In addition, custom mouth guards can be made for protection during sports.
A variety of occlusal and custom mouth guards can be fabricated to address specific conditions based on findings and presenting symptoms. A mouthguard is tailor-made to you. It provides a protective cover which fits exactly over your teeth and gums to cushion and protect your teeth, gums, and jaw from damage.
Why Would I Need A Mouthguard?
It is advisable to wear a professionally-made mouthguard if you play sports such as rugby, cricket, hockey, and football. Impact to the face, either from a ball or another player, can cause shockwaves to travel through your jaw, leading to bone damage; a direct hit can shatter or chip a tooth.
The University of California, Irvine suspended its chapter of the College Republicans for a year because the group wanted to invite libertarian provocateur Milo Yiannopolous back to campus, Breitbart News reports.
The UC Irvine group hosted Yiannopolous about a month ago, during which he held a talk called “Social Justice Is Cancer.” UCI administrators met with several students in the group after the event, and one of the students mentioned that the group might host Yiannopolous again.
Just hours later, the group was informed that it is being suspended for a year.
The school claimed that this was because of a problem with insurance for the security that was needed for the event where Yiannopolous spoke.
This isn’t the first time that UC Irvine has ruled against the group. According to Breitbart, “UCI had already attempted to make life difficult for the College Republicans. They attempted to impose an additional $1,000 fee for hosting the event, making the false claim that the College Republicans were hosting the event with a non-UCI organization.”
Ariana Rowlands, the student who proposed hosting Yiannopolous again, said that the suspension was unfair. “We wanted [Yiannopolous.”
But Rowlands and her fellow College Republicans are not afraid of the university’s administration.
“We are not intimidated and we will not back down, we are going to fight this and we are going to win.”Montajul tamplariei din PVC sau aluminiu Recomandam ca montajul tamplariei sa se desfasoare in faza incipienta a lucrarilor de finisaje, daca este posibil, dupa executarea lucrarilor de tencui...
ALCONF addresses both individuals and companies who want to purchase aluminum profiles and accessories for PVC joinery . .
ALCONF offer includes products of the best quality in line with EU norms and standards and at competitive prices.
Our company offers those interested in products such as :
- Recommended for PVC Profile TERAPLAST many qualities such as good thermal and acoustic insulation , robustness , strength, sealing , accessibility in terms of quality-price ratio , Alprof ( with and without thermal bridges . ) For aluminum that ensures the better resistance to environmental factors , the easiest maintenance , the rich palette and his own strength metals , no need extra reinforcement - which prolongs the life of locking mechanisms and exert minimal pressure .
- Accessories Available in different shapes and colors, or VORNE ROTO (the latter provides a full range of vertical and horizontal spans many PVC profiles ) that strict compliance with the instructions for use and maintenance provided by the manufacturer provides strength enhanced durability, very good sealing . , etc.I didn't knit much today. I guess for me, like everyone else, the new year leads to thoughts of completion and cleanup. To that end, I pulled out a three-quarters finished cardigan in Jaeger Matchmaker Merino Aran, a yarn that seems to have been discontinued, I'm sorry to say. It's a beautiful yarn but it just wasn't happening for me in the pattern I was using. So I threw it in a box and forgot about it for a couple of years. It's a pretty rose pink color.
And then for no good reason that I can think of, it popped into my head this morning. Something along the lines of: "This would be a good day to rip out the Jaeger Matchmaker cardigan and straighten out the yarn."
Here it is on the drying rack.
I think I may have mentioned that none of my friends has seen my apartment for a long time (and some have never seen it). This crowded little corner should give you some idea of why. When your two main obsessions are books and knitting, things accumulate pretty quickly. I'm making some progress, though.
I just caught the end of the latest Project Runway. For a minute there it looked like Santino was going to be out, but no such luck. (And yes, Lynda, I know his name. sigh.)
3 comments:
I want Santino to go away. He's so obnoxious, and is a designer with one idea. I think the chaos that he creates is the reason he's still on. I'm picking Daniel V. for the win. I picked last season's winner half way though. It's my favorite tv show!
Santino NEEDS to go. I love Daniel...all except for when he wears his hair in the faux mohawk thingy. What was Santino thinking with that costume yesterday? "Oh please make my back end big with feathers so when I spin I can really fly."
Debi, you need to have guests over to your place. It doesn't look that bad from that one picture. Really.
There is a new FashionSwat - They should do a Project Runway Swat.>>.15
Abstract: B01.00015 : Radiation Hardness of Sol-Gel Derived Zinc Oxide Thin Film Transistors*
2:03 PM–2:15 PM
Presenter:
Vahid Mirkhani
(Physics, Auburn University)
Authors:
Vahid Mirkhani
(Physics, Auburn University)
Shiqiang Wang
(Electrical and Computer Engineering, Auburn University)
Kosala Yapabandara
(Physics, Auburn University)
Muhammad Shehzad Sultan
(Physics, Auburn University)
Min Khanal
(Physics, Auburn University)
Burcu Ozden
(Physics, Auburn University)
Sunil Uprety
(Physics, Auburn University)
Ayayi Ahyi
(Physics, Auburn University)
Dong-Joo Kim
(Materials Research and Education Center, Auburn University)
Sarit Dhar
(Physics, Auburn University)
Michael Hamilton
(Electrical and Computer Engineering, Auburn University)
Mobbassar Sk
(Center for Advanced Materials, Qatar University)
Minseo Park
(Physics, Auburn University)
*The Project was supported by Walter Professorship and Auburn University Intramural Grants Program (AU-IGElise Kairys says she was walking her dog by a construction site on her block in Brooklyn in August when she was suddenly covered by a gust of demolition dust.
The petite 23-year-old says her eyes began tearing and her throat itching, and she began coughing profusely.
But she didn’t stress out, until spotting a city document hung along plywood fencing around the site at 226 Ainslie St. in Williamsburg. It noted the building being demolished contained asbestos.
The revelation was listed on an Aug. 2 demolition permit issued by the city’s Department of Environmental Protection. Hung next to it was another official DEP document – this one dated June 19 – that said agency-sanctioned testing had found no asbestos in the building.
So which is accurate?
The DEP told The Post it believed the building was asbestos free before being razed in late August, but it couldn’t explain why the permit claimed otherwise.
Evan Thies, chairman of Community Board 1’s environment committee, said the confusion over the postings illustrated how poorly equipped DEP was to handle drastically rising asbestos-related construction complaints citywide, particularly in Williamsburg and Greenpoint.
“It’s like the wild, wild West up here – without a sheriff,” said Thies. “The city has to fix the way it monitors construction sites immediately and take greater responsibility for residents’ safety to prevent catastrophe.”
Asbestos-related construction complaints have increased in the city by 53 percent over the last three years, from 1,437 in fiscal 2005 to 2,182 for the fiscal year that ended June 30, city records show.
The jump is more dramatic in the Williamsburg-Greenpoint area, where there were 5.4 times as many complaints last fiscal year (109) as in fiscal 2004 (17). Only Manhattan’s Upper West Side, with 137, saw more asbestos complaints in fiscal 2007..
Getting data
I ended up using the class I wrote previously (linked at the bottom) and added a few more functions to help with data extraction. I use the class with Restler to create an API, now I can access the data with
/homehub/status within my local network. This makes collection much easier, and I used the following code to add the data to my database:
[php]
<?php
// We’ll connect to the API from the inside
$result = file_get_contents(RESTLER_URL);
if (isset($result)) {
$decode = json_decode($result);
if ($decode->return_code == 100) {
// Get the variables we’ll be inserting
$uptime = $decode->uptime;
$raw = $decode->data_usage->raw;
$received_mb = $decode->data_usage->received_mb;
$sent_mb = $decode->data_usage->sent_mb;
$version = $decode->version->version;
$last_update = date(‘Y-m-d’, strtotime($decode->version->update_date));
// Connect to the database
$database = new Database();
$db = $database->getDBObject();
// We need to get the last entry in the table so we can compare
try {
$stmt = $db->query("SELECT
time, uptime, data_received, data_sent, total_received, total_sent
FROM router
ORDER BY time DESC
LIMIT 1");
$result = $stmt->fetch(PDO::FETCH_ASSOC);
} catch (Exception $e) {
// We failed to get the previous stats, but its not required later on
$result = false;
}
// Now calculate the difference between the previous reading and the current reading
$diff_received = $received_mb – $result[‘data_received’];
$diff_sent = $sent_mb – $result[‘data_sent’];
// Add the difference to the total counts
$total_received = $result[‘total_received’] + $diff_received;
$total_sent = $result[‘total_sent’] + $diff_sent;
// Insert the data
$prepare = $db->prepare("INSERT INTO router (
time, uptime, data_received, data_sent,
diff_sent, diff_received, total_received,
total_sent, raw, version, last_update
) VALUES (
NOW(), :uptime, :received, :sent,
:diff_sent, :diff_received, :total_received,
:total_sent, :raw, :version, :last_update
)");
$vals = array (
‘:uptime’ => $uptime,
‘:received’ => $received_mb,
‘:sent’ => $sent_mb,
‘:diff_sent’ => $diff_sent,
‘:diff_received’ => $diff_received,
‘:total_received’ => $total_received,
‘:total_sent’ => $total_sent,
‘:raw’ => $raw,
‘:version’ => $version,
‘:last_update’ => $last_update
);
// Execute the query
$prepare->execute($vals);
}
}
[/php]
I ran this script with a
while(true) loop with
sleep(1) to limit the load on the Home Hub and to prevent my database from being filled with duplicate entries.
Results
I was surprised at the roll-over point, it seemed to be 4.3 GB which seems arbitrary – you would’ve thought 5 GB or similar. However, depending on the operating system underneath, the data counter may be an
unsigned long to count bytes which has a maximum value of 4,294,967,295 (reference). If we divide it down by 1000 (KB) and 1000 (MB) again, we get ~ 4295 which is close enough for rounding to have given us 4.3. Regardless of why the roll-over point is what it is, we just need to know the exact time that it occurs so we can accurately configure the collector to deal with it correctly.
I modified my original script which returns megabytes to use 1000 instead of 1024 when converting from GB to MB. There is confusion over which is the correct to use, and technically if you use 1024 you should write MiB instead of MB. As non-unlimited data transfer contracts exist, I would assume BT would callously pick 1000 instead of 1024. In fact, I managed to capture the change-over point from showing MB to GB which pretty much conclusively shows the units BT are using:
WGET –limit-rate
I figured the best way to test the Home Hubs counter would be to remove all devices from the network apart from my server, and run WGET with the
--limit-rate argument to only download at half a megabyte (
--limit-rate=500k). By taking a measurement every second, I would be able to see how accurate the counter was compared to a known data rate.
As you can see above, the Home Hub reports an increase of ~0.6MB each second, which means that either WGET is transferring faster than it should be, there is a large amount of overhead involved in transferring the data, or the Home Hub is just plain wrong. There doesn’t seem to be an easy link between the amount of data a program uses and the figures that the hub reports, but, it is consistent so we can at least work with a known error.
The Hub reported the following at a constant 1MB/s WGET:
Taking the 4295 MB roll-over point discussed above, it almost matches what we’re seeing…
Segment #1 is likely to start at 4050 MB (rounded up, its the first time we get 4.1 GB), so segment #2 would start at 4150 MB and so on. Taking a look at the time difference, we can make an assumption as to the roll-over amount. It takes ~93 seconds to transfer 100 MB, or 1.075 MB/s, so 42 seconds would shift about 45 MB. Add 45 to 4250 and we get – you guessed it – 4295; our magical predicted
unsigned long limit.
With that I’m calling it case closed, it’ll be a simple case of adding in compensation for this roll-over point and my project is done.
Resources
GitHub –
2 thoughts on “Monitoring BT Home Hub 5 usage”
Hello
I have downloaded and executed your BT Home Hub code. Well done. It works!
However, I am not sure about how to implement the code example on this page. It feels to me that there are some details missing about how to configure RESTLER_URL and the local database.
I have written quite a lot of monitors for things which interest me, and one which monitors my BT Home Hub would be very useful. For example, the following reports the status of my home computers and web sites.
Indeed, there is some missing code. I used Restler to output the results of the github code, but you don’t need to use that at all. All you need is the example.php file, and you’ll be able to consume the data in any way that you see fit. You could make it output JSON for example, or XML.
Hope that makes senseS-type load cell VST
Tension/Compression load cells, suitable for weighing in tension suspended loads and as overload checking and limitation, or for compression use in the creation of weighing systems with various load cells.
See further under the Product information tab.
- Type: VST2000 Weighing capacity: 2000 kg Version: IJkwaardig
- Type: VST5000 Weighing capacity: 5000 kg Version: IJkwaardig
- Type: VST8000 Weighing capacity: 8000 kg Version: IJkwaardig
- Type: VST10000 Weighing capacity: 10000 kg Version: IJkwaardig
S-type load cell VST
General characteristics
- C3 precision class
- stainless steel construction
- IP68 protection class
- capacities: 2000, 5000, 8000 and 10000 kg
- 3m shielded connection cable
- verifiable
Option:
- assembly kit for load cell VST
Scale types: Load cells, S-type Load CellsTitle
Research and Interpretive Plan for the First Permanent Exhibition of Ancient American Art at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts
DOI
Defense Date
2010
Document Type
Thesis
Degree Name
Master of Arts
Department
Art History
First Advisor
Margaret Lindauer
Abstract
The Virginia Museum of Fine Arts (VMFA) of Richmond, Virginia, is completing its largest expansion and reinstalling over 6000 artworks, including the Ancient American art collection, to be displayed in the museum’s first permanent gallery space for Ancient American art. In preparation for expansion, the VMFA issued its “Interpretive Plan Guiding Principles,” identifying visitor motivations for viewing the collections. As collection accessibility is central to the museum’s mission statement, all galleries are to provide visitors with the tools to engage with artworks. This thesis project presents a comprehensive history of Pre-Columbian collecting in museums and the history of the VMFA including its Pre-Columbian collection, which will be displayed in the Ancient American Gallery. It includes a summary of research conducted on objects designated for installation. Finally, this project addresses how the Ancient American Gallery will serve as an environment adapting to the principle experiences established by the VMFA.
Rights
© The Author
Is Part Of
VCU University Archives
Is Part Of
VCU Theses and Dissertations
Date of Submission
May 2010
Included in
Arts and Humanities CommonsTitling a video with such an all-encompassing name like “The Michigan Video” is a pretty daring move, and I was unsure of what to think. To me, the name suggests that it is the sole video to come out of The Mitten State and therefore had some pretty big shoes to fill.
Although the intro sequence initially caught me off guard (even going so far as to making sure I had started the video from the beginning) after watching it a second time, it made sense. Cory Wiergowski is not a new name on the scene by any means, but his opening part definitely cemented his name as one of the burlier riders of our day. His second-to-last clip was all at once completely unexpected, mind-blowing and definitely something that is NBD to my eyes. His last clip is just ridiculous. Connor Keating comes through with some of the crazier crank arm grinds to date (super smoothly too, I might add). Up-and-comer Mikey Tyra (whose section went online not long after the release of the video) made quite a name for himself, with his first line as one of the cleanest I’ve ever seen. Tyler Fernengel, another one who needs no introduction, completely destroyed every gap and rail in sight, and just as the smoke cleared and I thought the video was over, Nick Bullen came out of left field, screaming loudly “NOPE! THIS AIN’T OVER!”. There’s a good reason that he just got put on Subrosa pro and his ender section proves it.
When it was all said and done, I felt like the name was justified and after talking a bit with Cory and Alex Burnside (filmer/editor) about the creation, it was apparent that they really had no other choice.
Where in Michigan is everyone from?
Cory: Every person in the video that has a full part claims Detroit but a few guys are from neighboring cities like Dearborn, Taylor and the Bullen brothers are from Lapeer.
Did all you guys grow up riding together?
Cory: Nick and I grew up riding together because we’re from northern michigan. Than we both moved down to Detroit area and met everyone down there about 5 years ago. Everyone else grew up together though like all the young dudes Connor, Mikey, Tyler, burnside etc. Than when they started to all grow up we kind of all became homies just from all of us riding transitions skatepark together on a daily basis. It’s crazy to see all of them grown up and killing it. I swear, it feels like just the other day I was giving Tyler pointers on tail whips now he’s like the best rider ever.
Alex: I grew up riding and filming with Connor Keating, but didn’t meet anyone else in the crew until maybe 3 years ago when I made indoor park videos at TRP. That was my first work with Cory, Nick, Govan, dudes like that.
All photos courtesy of TMV
“The Michigan Video” is a pretty bold name- Did you include riders/crews from all around the state?
Cory: Every weekend I’d just send a mass text message to the normal crew asking if they wanted to go to X city for the weekend and tell them how much it’ll cost each. Whoever replied saying they were down would be at my house Friday morning and we’d go. Just stay in cheap hotels and film good times every weekend all over the state of michigan hence the name “the Michigan video”. It was supposed to be more focused on the spots around michigan and film the dudes from the area riding them. Southeast michigan is easily the epicenter of the bmx scene here. There’s still a little scene in Lansing including Luke Swab, Brian Block and a bunch of other little shredders coming up. The Grand Rapids crew kind of fell apart but the dudes I link up with there are Alex Burgnon and Jordan Youngs, those dudes are rad. The west side of michigan holds it down with dudes like Tyler Ellis, Pat Ellis, Chance Garrison, Alex Elko, Kyle Line and the rest of the holland crew. They’ll usually travel together, they’re the only other “true crew” in michigan right now other than our crew that has been kind of dubbed the ” tmv crew” as of late. There was a good scene in traverse city, MI with Steven Ramos, Domke, Marcus, Mikey and a bunch of others but it kind if fell apart after there indoor park closed. As for not including people in the video, Alex and I would film everyone and anyone willing to ride in front of our lens.
How long did you film for? Were there any major setbacks/injuries?
Cory: We ended up filming for about 7 months we set out to get it done in one year because we didn’t really want to just sit on footage for a whole winter in order to film for 2 years. We def sat down a few months and all talked about filming for 2 years but we didn’t all want to stay in michigan as much this year and we had enough footage at the end of the year to make it happen, everyone killed it. There were only a couple set backs during filming, Tyler broke his foot trying that half cab in his intro. Which put him out for about 3 months. That was the only real injury the whole year other than rolled ankles and Nick got knocked out trying this big kinked rail in suttens bay. The last month or so of filming we only had one camera because one of our dvx’s broke and we didn’t care to get it fixed but even that wasn’t really a set back. We got lucky, everything kind of fell into place.
Was every single clip filmed in Michigan?
Cory: Yes.
What was the inspiration for the intro?
Alex: The inspiration for the intro actually came from Cory. We were sitting in my room one night trying to find a good song for the intro and he must have had an epiphany because it’s one of my favorite parts of the whole video. I really wanted to break some stereotypes people had for the video and we felt like a raw intro would fit well with our theme and also break the mold for what a ‘normal’ intro usually is.
Is there any one outstanding story behind a certain clip?
Cory: So many stories that I don’t know where to start. When we went on a trip to the upper peninsula for a week, I had prior knowledge of this reservoir spot that my friend Scott Wanhala took Tony Neyer to last year to shoot that primo advert. So while we were in Marquette (about 9 hours from Detroit) Scott hit me with a google earth location, little did we know the spot was at a federal water reservoir about 45 min deep into the woods with a mile long hike after you’re there. I don’t know I’ve never been to a spot with an adventure like that. It’s so rewarding in the end. There were multiple 2 or 3 hour trips we took just to film one trick on a certain set up. We drove to suttens bay about 5 hours north of Detroit to check out this big kinked rail that Nick wanted to check out that ended up knocking him out, that was the scariest thing ever to witness your friend lifeless at the bottom of a rail without a hospital in site.
What gear did you use?
Alex: We were pretty strict on filming and which cameras were used, we wanted to keep a similar feel and style throughout the entire video. We relied on two DVX100B’s for the entire course of filming. We fell in love with them, they’re built like tanks and have an awesome fisheye option. We used an Opteka fisheye rather than a Century mkII because of the cost and ease of replacement for inevitable lens hits.
How long did the video take to edit?
Alex: Editing only took about 2 months miraculously. I started editing early November and finished on December 22nd. We had to get the master copy out to our chosen distributor by the 23rd in order to have our copies ready by the 11th of January for the video premiere at TRP. We got the copies the day before the premiere, it was way too stressful.
What’s the deal with Nick Bullen’s last clip? It’s definitely a novel idea.
Alex: It was super windy that day and we all knew it needed to get done then as bad weather and winter were closing in on us. Nick grinded the rail a few times to get loosened up, then tried to get mentally ready for the clip. He went down the rail a few times feeling out the first part, then finally stuck one right off the end of the rail, couldn’t have been more perfect. Everyone tripped out and he ran back up the stairs, got lined up for the banger and a huge gust of wind hit him about 15 feet before the ledge. He was so mad and everyone was bummed. We were going to just take the rail trick and call it, but I pushed the issue a little farther and convinced him that the double banger would be so worth it in the end, and that I’d make it worth his effort. Once he got back up and pulled the clip seamless, I knew who would get the ender section. Nick is the dude and put in so much work and he totally deserved it.
Are you guys planning on making another video?
Alex: As of right now, we have no plans for another project as big as The Michigan Video. It was a miracle things came together as well as they did this year and I know that won’t be able to happen in the near future. Too many dudes in the crew have plans to move or get jobs or do things outside bmx so it’s hard to commit to a big project. But we’ll be filming, that’s for certain. The world will just have to wait and see what we come up with.
How did the “Project After Hours” video come about?
Alex: The After Hours video was super fun to make. Basically, Cory does some work for Ron Thomas, who owns the shop we filmed in. Ron has been working on some really cool projects based around his Xtreme Builders business and his work with AGA Nation and Rise Above BMX. Hopefully you’ll be able to see more of his work soon, I can assure you it’s pretty cool. So Ron was down to support us with the space and time to film a video. Putting Ron’s support together with Cory’s welding ability, we were able to get the project done in a few short weeks.
The Michigan video is available here for just ten bucks and I highly suggest you buy it. It’s still early in the year but I guarantee this one will make lists for 2014.You can use Night mode on: iPhone 12, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 12 Pro, iPhone 12 Pro Max, reduce motion and improve the shot. To interrupt a Night mode photo mid-capture rather than waiting for the capture to finish, just tap the stop button below the slider..
Take Night mode selfies
- Open the Camera app.
- Tap the front-facing camera button
.
- Hold your iPhone in front of you.
- Snap your selfie.
Night mode selfies are supported on iPhone 12, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 12 Pro, and iPhone 12 Pro Max.
Capture Night mode Time-lapse videos
In low-light conditions, you can use Night mode Time-lapse with a tripod to capture videos with longer interval frames. Open the Camera app, then swipe to the far left until you see Time-lapse. Tap the Shutter button
to capture your video.
Night mode Time-lapse is available on iPhone 12, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 12 Pro, and iPhone 12 Pro Max.
Use Night mode Portrait
- Open the Camera app and swipe to Portrait mode.
- Follow the tips on your screen.
- Tap the Shutter button
.
Night mode Portrait is available on iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max..How To Go To Cash – Kiplinger
Investing is how you make your cash grow, or value for long term monetary objectives. It is a way of conserving your money for something even more ahead in the future. Saving is a strategy to reserve a particular quantity of your earned income over a short amount of time in order to be able to achieve a brief term objective.
Investing, on the other hand, is a a lot longer term activity. We consider investing as an action that is based on long term objectives and is mostly achieved by having your money make more cash for you.
Investing is a method to set aside cash while you are busy with life and have that cash work for you so that you can completely gain the rewards of your labor in the future. Investing is a means to a better ending. Legendary financier Warren Buffett specifies investing as “the procedure of setting out cash now to here get more cash in the future.” The objective of investing is to put your cash to operate in several kinds of financial investment automobiles in the hopes of growing your cash over time.
Online Brokers Brokers are either full-service or discount rate. Full-service brokers, as the name implies, give the full range of traditional brokerage services, including financial advice for retirement, healthcare, and whatever associated to money. They normally only deal with higher-net-worth customers, and they can charge considerable costs, consisting of a percent of your deals, a percent of your possessions they manage, and often a yearly subscription cost.
In addition, although there are a number of discount rate brokers without any (or extremely low) minimum deposit constraints, you might be confronted with other constraints, and particular fees are charged to accounts that do not have a minimum deposit. This is something a financier need to take into account if they desire to invest in stocks.
Jon Stein and Eli Broverman of Improvement are frequently credited as the first in the area. Their objective was to utilize innovation to decrease costs for investors and enhance financial investment guidance. Since Improvement launched, other robo-first companies have actually been founded, and even developed online brokers like Charles Schwab have actually added robo-like advisory services.Go Travel RFID-Blocking Leather Wallet
Product Code:.
Features
- Real Leather wallet
- RFID-Blocking to protect you from illegal scanning )
- Protects against data theft and digital crime
- 8x Cred card slots and 2x bank note compartments
- Made from soft supple leather
Specifications
Size Open: 9.5 x 21.5 x 0.5 cm
Size Closed: 9.5 x 11 x 1.3 cm
Weight: 0.40 Kg
Material: Leather
We Also RecommendShelley
- Hourly rate $25
- Response Time 24h
1st lesson is free!
About the lesson
Welcome! I'm so glad you are here. I provide lessons geared to individual needs. I use TPR, rewards, facial cues, actions and employ strategies where students engage mentally and physically. Music, movement, actions, props, role play, reading aloud, writing, videos, powerpoints, practice exercises. I want them to see it, hear it, practice it, try it, and develop confidence. Research indicates that learners need at least 7 exposures to a new concept before it is learned. Then practice! Thus repetition in different formats is also key. Lessons are also geared to the developmental level, age, and preferences of the student.
I have worked with students in ESL instruction from age 3 to 60.
Tell me what YOU need, and I will provide.
Hope to see you soon in my classroom!
subjects
- Vocabulary - English
- ESL
- Oral expression - English
- +3
Listening comprehension - English
Writing expression - English
American English
languages
levels
- All Levels
About Shelley
I have a B.Ed in Elementary Education from UVIC, with a Specialization in English Literature. TESOL and TEFL Certificates. Taught in First Nations Schools for 10+ years. Taught preschool programs and gymnastics for 9 years. Currently online ESL teaching for 2+ years. Prior to my years in university and education, I was employed at the Institute of Sedimentary and Petroleum Geology, the University of Calgary, and the National Energy Board, working in libraries to provide key information to support research and development in geology, paleontology as well as oil and gas.
Rates
packages
- 5 h: $100
- 10 h: $190
travel
- + $$5
webcam
- $ 25/h
free lessons
- 1hrs
Details
$5.00 Travel free for Kimberley, Marysville, and Meadowbrook.
$10.00 Travel free to Cranbrook, Tata Creek and Wasa.
24-hour or more cancellations can be rescheduled, according to circumstances.
Last-minute cancellations may not be rescheduled with an additional charge.57
- Chicagoland
-
- Weber Genesis 300 series
Weber Summit Charcoal With custom grill center
Primo XL 400
Blackstone 22" TableTop Griddle
Ooni Pro Pizza oven
- 1 like
-
- Charter Member
- Dec 2014
- 6072
- Grew up in New Orleans, lived in Texas for 20 years, lived in Mandeville, LA for 22 years. I now liv
-
- Club Member
- Jul 2019
- 618
- Boston/South County Rhode Island
-
- Name: Scott, Chemical Engineer
Equipment:
Weber Genesis
Weber Spirit Special Addition, with Griddle and Grillgrates (just got)
Thermoworks Smoke (2)
Thermoworks Thermapen (2)
Thermoworks IR (1)
Maverick IR (1)
Penzey's Spice rack with loads of spices
Hobbies:
Cooking, wine, guitar, golf, beach, board games, travel, herb gardening
Want to get into BBQ and Smoking.
-
-
-
- Aug 2014
- 1722
-BALTIMORE — On Tuesday, 28-year-old Eric Bowman was sentenced to life plus 30 years and his brother, 26-year-old Steven Bowman was sentenced to life plus 25 years for the murder of Randall Finney, Jr., in September 2018.
Officials say in September 2018 at around 11:35 a.m. officers responded to a shooting in the Belair-Edison community and found the victim with multiple gunshot wounds to his head, neckm back and leg. Detectives found an eight .40 caliber spent shell casings at the scene.
Following an investigation, it was revealed that on the day of the shooting, 32-year-old Randall Finney arrived at the home on Balfern Avenue to check on his son after learning that the police were called earlier that day for an argument between his child's mother and defendant, Steven Bowman.
Police say Steven also pulled up to the mother's home as Finney arrived. Steven immediately exited his vehicle, produced a gun, and began shooting at Finney. Steven’s brother, Eric Bowman — who lived a few houses away — exited his home and walked towards the shooting and also opened fire on Finney.
After the shooting, both brothers left in Steven’s vehicle and fled the scene.Malaysia’s Cabinet member takes two-month pay to COVID-19 fund
Seventy members of the Malaysian Cabinet have decided to take a two-month pay cut and the savings will be channelled to the COVID-19 fund.
This move demonstrates the government’s commitment to helping those affected by the Covid-19 outbreak,” the prime minister’s office (PMO) said in a statement yesterday.
The Covid-19 fund was launched by the government on March 11 as part of its effort to help the people of Malaysia affected by the outbreak.
The PMO noted that as of yesterday, the amount of donations accumulated into the fund, including government grants, is RM8.49 million.<<
Top 7 Richest Families In Asia
With successful businesses and a huge amount of net worth, these families have become the richest families in Asia.
November 26, 2021 | 09:01
The Last Stilt Fishermen in Sri Lanka
Stilt fishing used to be popular in Sri Lanka but now it is difficult to catch the image of Sri Lanka stilt fishermen sitting on bamboo stilts waiting for swarms of fish that will pass their stilts in the shallow water.Your Mental Health Matters. Don’t Ever Forget That.
More of mental health as a socially-acceptable punching bag. Our vocabulary is full of euphemisms that have been silently, but steadily maintaining a barrier between those who suffer from mental health challenges and the treatment they desperately need. We even refer to this population as “the mentally ill,” but I’ve yet to hear anyone refer to an entire group of patients as “the cancerous.” The implications of such a phrase are weighty, and they take a toll.
According to the American Psychiatric Association, “The stigma of mental illness is universal. A 2016 study on stigma concluded ‘there is no country, society or culture where people with mental illness have the same societal value as people without mental illness.’”
Often, those of us with mental health challenges can experience twice the struggle: we manage our diagnosis while simultaneously navigating the pervasive stereotypes that can further isolate. When a friend confides that they are fighting seasonal allergies, we welcome them and ask about their wellbeing or treatment. But the same friend will most often choose to keep their mental health diagnosis private.
What does this say about you? About me?
1 in 5 U.S. adults are impacted by mental illness. If you are one of this 20%, Crittenton has something we want you to know: You are not broken. You are not defective, and you are not alone. There are millions of us: friends, family, neighbors, and coworkers, who are working to manage our mental health. Every day, we may struggle, hide, cry, or rage. Conversely, we will often laugh, love, create, and inspire.
I’m proud of the work Crittenton does in Southern California to offer supportive outpatient mental health services to children and families. Our staff meet clients where they are: in school, at home, in the park, or online in order to offer expertise and clinical interventions. We’ve been doing so throughout the pandemic. There is no need for anyone to suffer in isolation when learning how to manage your mental health. Asking for help can often be the scariest thing to do, and this isn’t your fault. We have made this so, and we can undo these damaging stereotypes.
We start by extending our hands to say that you are welcome here. Together, no one is alone. Together, we can walk away from loneliness and into a healthier community.
If you are someone you love may be struggling with mental health challenges, learn the warning signs. Identify strategies to begin to talk about suicide, and be the friend we all need. For those that live in the South Los Angeles, Long Beach, Norwalk, Commerce and Pomona areas and would like to know more about our Mental Health Services reach out to Crittenton at Talk2Us@crittentonsocal.org.
###Vision: A Personal Call to Create a New World112
Paperback(1st HarperCollins pbk. ed)
$12.99
12.99 In Stock
Overview
'Ken Carey is one of the great living teachers… Read him, and you'll have hope.'MARIANNE WILLIAMSON
This is the acclaimed second book in Ken Carey's bestselling 'Starseed ' series, which concludes with 'The Third Millennium' – th
Related collections and offers
Product Details
About the Author
Ken Carey is the author of several books, including The Starseed Transmissions, Return of the Bird Tribes, and Flat Rock Journal.Pop Addled: TV Special – Stranger Things 3 (Netflix)
>: TV Special – Stranger Things 3
Have you heard of this show Stranger Things? Tim’s cousin joins us to talk about the third season of the hit Netflix show. Don’t forget to like, share, and rate us!
Find Pop Addled on the web: Email | Facebook | TwitterI don’t know if the little guy was there when I purchased the lemon thyme, perhaps as an egg or a teeny tiny larva. All I know is that recently I’ve been worried about the lemon thyme. Was I watering it too much? Was it getting too much sun? After returning home today, I started watering things and as I watered the thyme I noticed a rolled up leaf. To myself I said, “Hmmm. I didn’t know thyme leaves grew like that.” I leaned to look closer and this is what I saw:
Probably tomorrow morning as I head off to work, I’ll take him outside to let him fend for himself. But if you know what this is, please let me know.College Ministry: Pumpkin Patch Trip
October 23 12:00 - 4:00 pm | Mosaic Community Church
Mosaic College Ministry is headed to the pumpkin patch!
Join us on Saturday, Oct. 23 at noon for a fall-filled fun time.
Meet at Mosaic Community Church at noon to carpool down to Swans Trail Farms.
Click here to learn more about the farm! Please note, there’s no cost to access the pumpkin patch, but other activities require a registration fee.How take a back seat and allow others to control of our day, little things such as, our health – hahaha, not so little! Being a leader in your own life and taking the reins will give you the power to make decisions on things such as your health. Do I go to the gym today or do I stay home? Do I raid the biscuit tin or do I get an apple to snack on? Do I pour a glass of water for dinner or do I down a can of coke?
Leadership on this is what’s required, if you’re not leading your life, are you following the ideals of someones else’s?
What is it I need to do to take a lead on my life?
Inspiring minds to take up the role of a leader will have a dramatic effect on ones life as an individual, but imagine the effects of a strongly lead community. One of the most innately endowed and most life enhancing gifts we have as humans is “choice”. The second most life enhancing gift we have as humans is, “direction of choice”. Otherwise know as, conscious awareness.
So we have;
1: Choice
2: Direction of choice
The “awareness” of choice is a cut above the standard model of “choice” or just choosing. Being aware of choice is a highly cultivated skill, it only takes a small amount of stress to throw us off this awareness of choice, and it is in this state of stress and/or anxiety, all of a sudden choice has disappeared. We are now in reaction mode. Our leadership is lost.
So, to be a leader for a day get inspired. Wake up and tell yourself, “I am the leader”, “I am leading my life today”. Sit with this and allow it to embody you, and take over you. This will elevate you emotionally, physically and spiritually. This is your first choice to act in such a way, you are being a conscious creator of your day through the awareness of choice. Now elevate this awareness to all that you do, be aware of all of the options available to you, open your heart and open your mind and see the choices, this is true leadership. For what you do for yourself you give permission to others to do the same, you will set the examples in your household, your workplace, your community. BE A LEADER FOR A DAY.
The best love is self love, and that is what we can all do as a choice. Create the awareness, watch your internal thoughts as you guide yourself through the day, then watch your outer environment for feedback and “choice” opportunities.
When I learned the skill of “creating awareness” (being conscious and aware of all things in my inner and outer environments) I created opportunities for myself to develop beyond my current self. For example, It might be you notice someone who is in line with your current way of thinking towards a goal, whereas before you may not of noticed this person because you was “busy” with other internal metrics you had to calculate in your mind to navigate your day, your openness and awareness creating has now allowed you to see this opportunity. This is you being a leader.
NOW LEAD.
Let me know how you get on, and for any questions on this blog email me at [email protected]
If you would like to have a one2one consultation on how I can coach you further going forward, head to our contact page.
Go with love
Upgrade me mindsetAfter the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the U.S. military, the regime of Bashir U.S. , 14).” (Lesch, 10)
Although rumors have always persisted about U.S..” (Naylor, 316), 317)., 317) TFO operatives were guided into their target areas by internet IP addresses that the intelligence community had already established as belonging to networks for foreign fighters. Once there, they photographed safehouses, hotels, and mosques frequented by the terrorists.
“On occasion,” Naylor writes in the section of his book about Syria operations, “operatives would pick the locks of al-Qaeda safe houses, filming and photographing what was inside.” (Naylor, 318) New technical surveillance devices were also employed in the form of cameras that gathered tangible proof that terrorists were operating foreign fighter networks in Syria—proof which stripped away any plausible deniability Assad had tried to maintain when confronted by the U.S.. (Naylor, 319) .” (Naylor, 321)
It turned out that Syrian intelligence (the Mukhabarat) was already keeping tabs on Ghadiya. With the U.S. lobbying various Arab governments to put pressure on Syria over the foreign fighter issue, Assad eventually signaled that he would not protest if Ghadiya was taken out, essentially acquiescing to the terrorist’s liquidation. A Task Force Orange member then made a numberth, 2008. MH-60 helicopters.
Lesch, David. Syria: The fall of the house of Assad
Naylor, Sean. Relentless Strike: the secret history of Joint Special Operations.90s Y2K Vintage Greatful Dead Peace Event Doves Long Sleeve Turtleneck Mesh Top. Fantastic fully lined mesh turtleneck top with extended ruched long sleeves.Greatful dead logo on front with blue jeweled outlines. The doves are surround with the words A Magucal Peace Event. The back mimics this with out the jewels. Designer tag has been removed. The item "90s Y2K Vintage Greatful Dead Peace Event Doves Long Sleeve Turtleneck Mesh Top" is in sale since Tuesday, November 10, 2020.
This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Women\Women's Clothing\Tops". The seller is "nonoy*jaja".R-Drive Image is one of the best software to create data backup. This software has all the features that you need for data backup purposes for your business. Therefore, it’s important to have and use it on a regular basis. Now, the important question is, why should we do the data backup process? Or, why we have to create a data recovery plan? Here are the answers.
There is always Someone that Want Your Data
It doesn’t matter if you run a big scale company or use the computer for personal needs. Your data will always become a juicy target for someone out there. The worst of all, they usually don’t care about your data. What they want to do is just damage or destroys it. Therefore, many computer viruses and malware created to do this purpose. And, they even make your data as their test subject for their virus.
For personal data, it will be so devastating, when you find out your file has been stolen or destroyed. It is even worse if you run a business and use that file or data for your business operation. It can affect many aspects. It can even become the cause of your business fall.
You Can Lose Your Data Easily
According to Symantec, the malware variants have increased to 54% than last year. That means there are more threats that can attack your data. So, if you don’t have a strong defense (anti-virus or anti-malware), as well as protection plan (data backup and recovery plan), you will mostly lose your important data.
However, the most annoying thing is most data loss case is caused by human error. Usually, people accidentally hit the delete or format their drive. It makes the data lose just like that. The other cause is hardware malfunctions. If it happens when you run your business, you will have big trouble facing your customer.
The Downtime Problem
You must understand how annoying a downtime situation really is. Your data loss is the one that responsible for this problem. Your business performance will become much slower because of losing the important data. Of course, it will make your client unhappy. Moreover, it can also affect your business reputation. It can stay for quite a long time, which makes it hard to get back on the right track.
With having a backup, when you find out that you lose your data, you can replace it easily from your backup file. It may slow down your business performance a bit. But, compared to deal with the problem without data backup, this is much better.
The Data Can Be Irrecoverable
When you work on a project, losing all of the data without a recovery plan can be really heart-breaking. The project that you start from scratch is disappearing just like that. The worst of all, you can try to start it from scratch one more time. But, there is a time that data can’t be replaced. So, it will be different than what you do previously.
This is the reason, why you must have data backup and recovery plan. When there is a problem, you can still recover it at the point you back up your project. That will save your time and energy.
Record and Audit Purposes
Create a backup is also useful if you plan to make a record for audit purpose. The backup will become something like protection for your real data. Therefore, if in the audit process, you find something wrong, you can always take a look at your backup data. Match it and you will find the correct information from that backup.
Conclusion
Data backup is important. For business, it means a lot. We can even call your data backup as your business lifeline. Without it, there are many possibilities that your business will go down because of a small mistake.
Of course, in order to make your backup data safer, you need to keep it in a safe place. Use the separate server or network from your main network system. It will protect it from damage when your main system got attacked by virus or malware. So, you should make the backup right away to protect your data from any problems.Every November, millions of people across the country descend on shopping centers to spend billions of dollars in a single day. The bizarre consumerist cultural phenomenon that is Black Friday has become a standard that retailers and marketers hungrily inflate every holiday season. The holiday season itself creeps earlier every year, with Halloween replaced by Christmas overnight on October 31st and Black Friday advertising typically in full swing well over a month before consumers hit the stores.
Every year, the number of dollars spent on Black Friday increases. In 2019, 84.2 million people shopped in stores on Black Friday itself and 124 million visited a store over the course of Thanksgiving weekend. While the pandemic may have slowed in-person shopping in 2020, it had the opposite effect for online retailers. Cyber Monday 2020 became the largest online shopping day in U.S. history, with consumers racking up a total of $10.8 billion in online purchases in a single day – an increase of more than a billion dollars over Cyber Monday 2019. Amazon alone delivered a record-breaking 1.5 billion packages over the holiday season.
Like all binges, however, Black Friday and its cyber offspring come with a bad hangover – an environmental one – that demonstrates the repercussions of our society’s unhealthy relationship with “stuff.”
U.S. households throw out 25% more trash between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day than at any other time of the year. Much of that trash is packaging, but a surprising amount of the trash discarded consists of useful products. Every year, more than 5 billion pounds of waste is generated from returned products – both the return packaging, but also in many cases the products themselves. Between 30% and 40% of clothing sales are returned, but only 10% of all returns are restocked on shelves to be resold. The rest may be shipped off to the landfill or the incinerator.
Trash isn’t the only damaging by-product of our holiday season spending. With shipping services pushed to their limits, carbon emissions rise as well. Many shoppers are lured into making online purchases by the promise of free two-day shipping, but this is the least efficient scenario for shipping. When shipments are sent out with shorter notice, the shipping center has less time to pack trucks to their full capacity, with the result that more trips have to be made. Free returns add to the problem: for every item that is returned, the trip is made twice.
As a society, we have a problem with waste. The holiday season pushes that problem to an extreme, and while the purchasing throughout the Black Friday weekend tapers off after a furious three to five days, the environmental ramifications of the decisions we make during those days can last for decades.
While retailers continue to wave heavy discounts, repetitive commercials and eye-catching products to consumers, there are other ways to celebrate the season and indulge in the spirit of giving, with much less impact.
There are a number of specific gift alternatives that minimize waste and carbon emissions. U.S. PIRG has compiled a series of gift ideas for this holiday season that forgo the big box stores. The blogs can be found here.
Shopping consciously and reducing the importance of “stuff” in our holiday celebrations and our lives, we can still enjoy the magic of the season, but without the hangover for our wallets, our closets or the planet we share.
Photo: Steve Rhodes via Flickr, (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0)How to install fonts in Ubuntu. Install FontManager 0.8 and install Google Fonts in Ubuntu. Using Font Manager on Ubuntu, users can install fonts in GIMP Ubuntu and install fonts in LibreOffice Ubuntu.
FontManager 0.8
FontManager 0.8 is released with Google Fonts integration. FontManager is a simple font management application for GTK Desktop Environments..
Features: Font Manager
- Preview and compare font files
- Activate or deactivate installed font families
- Automatic categorization based on font properties
- Google Fonts Catalog integration
- Integrated character map
- User font collections
- User font installation and removal
- User font directory settings
- User font substitution settings
- Desktop font settings (GNOME Desktop or compatible environments)
Install FontManager 0.8 on Ubuntu
Run the following commands in terminal to install FontManager 0.8 in Ubuntu:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:font-manager/staging
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt install font-manager
Once installed, open the Font Manager from Ubuntu Dash. Denmark filter Denmark
- (-) Remove Mexico filter Mexico
- (-) Remove United Kingdom filter United Kingdom
- (-) Remove Vietnam filter Vietnam
- Dutch filter Dutch
- (-) Remove German filter German
- (-) Remove Hungarian filter Hungarian
- (-) Remove Japanese filter Japanese
- (-) Remove Quichua filter Quichua
- (-) Remove Spanish filter Spanish
- (-) Remove Zulu filter Zulu
- Chinese (5) Apply Chinese filter
- Czech (2) Apply Czech filter
- Danish (1) Apply Danish filter
- English (78)Home Management
Generation X was born between 1965 and 1979. Although there is no consensus on the time period that effectively covers, people born since the early 1960s and until the late 1970s are included in this generation. Those born in this period represent the pop culture of the 1970s and are often dubbed as latchkey kids because they have often been left alone at home, once both parents worked, which explains their independent and adaptable approach to work. Sometimes referred to as the lost generation, this was the first generation of children exposed to situations of divorce and to the concept of children day care. During childhood, Generation X has become the most unprotected in modern history. This generation was marked by the assassination of Martin Luther King and Robert Kennedy, the Watergate[1] political scandal and the first man landing on the moon.
This generation has learned to be independent since a very young age and turned that value into a remarkable brand as it advanced in the world of work. When Generation X first began to emerge in force in the labor market, the economic decline of 1980 took place. During this period, in which the members of Generation X began to leave the universities and finish their degrees, between 1975 and 1995, the reduction of the employment rate emerged and, consequently, organizations reduced the number of employees and many of the latchkey children watched their parents become unemployed. This event triggered a change of values of these young people in what it comes to loyalty and job security. The competition for jobs was shaking. For the first time in history, it was not expected that this generation would be able to reproduce the lifestyle of their predecessors.
Generation X is arguably more qualified than the previous generation. Due to their education and increasing maturity, they are also more conscientious and pragmatic about starting a family. This generation has an entrepreneurial spirit, a do-it-yourself attitude and, in contrast to previous generations, embraces change in the workplace. The members of this generation are career-oriented, but place a strong emphasis on family time and strive for a balance between personal and professional life. They enjoy their autonomy and freedom—work to live rather than live to work, which is not always easy for the baby boomers to understand.
A flexible workplace is important for the member of Generation X, as well as a constructive feedback. Generation X and baby boomers have different work ethics— Generation X moves for diversity, challenges, responsibilities, and creativity while baby boomers have a preference for stricter approaches.
Generation X has suffered a strong influence of the globalized world and the dedication given by their parents to their professional careers. The members of this generation entered the labor market approximately between 1985 and 2000, and they carry as core values the balance between personal and professional life, the importance of family, and the satisfaction and quality at work.
Summing up, Generation X prefers less formality and less conventional hierarchies, placing merit above status and is less loyal to organizations, compared to baby boomers. The members of this generation know how to work with computers and give a strong value to money and benefits, while they seek for balance between work and personal life.
Related topicsVibrating Screen
Nigeria Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen
Recently, using the rate of advancement of infrastructure in Nigeria to advertise, market demand surge gravel. Aggregate demand also led to the rise in the marketplace segments, therefore adding to a lot of coal gangue along with other materials Sand Vibrating Screen generation. Meanwhile, Nigeria Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen Manufacturer also discovered that because of a rise in interest in this kind of equipment and being touted on the market.
Under growing depletion of natural sand and fell far lacking market demand, the substitute sand is becoming an essential method to satisfy the market demand. Market demand elevated to advertise the marketplace segmentation, also brought more and more people to participate Nigeria Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen Industry.
China may be the world zircon resource abundant countries, especially share of limestone, basalt, river pebbles along with other sources in most of the bigger, various materials require different Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen crushed, for example river pebbles there Sand river gravel, coal has gangue Sand Vibrating Screen.
So that you can make the most of zircon, you have to undergo Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen crushing, and crushing aftereffect of zircon will have an effect on their late utilization and employ, so choose professional-quality Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen is zircon exploitation protection. Nigeria Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen Manufacturer and try to is going to be high-quality Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen production being an important objective of the enterprise, we produce efficient crushing machines, single-stage hammer Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen, Impact Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen, multi-cylinder hydraulic cone Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen etc broadly recognized in the market, continues to be used in greater than thirty Nigeria and abroad and regions, a lot of the development industry both at home and abroad make outstanding contributions.
Yesteryear 2 yrs, to be able to facilitate customer segmentation, differentiated production, Nigeria Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen Manufacturer has launched a 1-material Sand Vibrating Screen, for example river gravel crusher, coal Sand Vibrating Screen, Sand Making limestone Machine along with other equipment, were broadly recognized by customers.
Zircon is really a precious resource, if able to benefit from this resource to maximise, within this current era of scarce sources, in the end, a seize market possibilities. Chance happens to be restricted to individuals who’re prepared, Nigeria Zircon Sand Vibrating Screen Manufacturer believes that occupy zircon market, market survey, purchase devices are the initial step to success.
Required fields are marked *. Your information will not be published or shared.On Tuesday 28 September 2004 03:12 am, Kris Kennaway wrote: > On Mon, Sep 20, 2004 at 11:44:50PM -0700, > > cpuid = 0 > > KDB: enter: panic > > [thread 100195] > > Stopped at kdb_enter+0x38: ta %xcc, 1 > > db> trace > > panic() at panic+0x19c > > mtrash_ctor() at mtrash_ctor+0x7c > > uma_zalloc_arg() at uma_zalloc_arg+0x3e8 > > malloc() at malloc+0xa8 > > fdinit() at fdinit+0x40 > > fdcopy() at fdcopy+0x28 > > fork1() at fork1+0x770 > > fork() at fork+0x10 > > syscall() at syscall+0x220 > > -- syscall (2, FreeBSD ELF64, fork) %o7=0x10fe00 -- > > userland() at 0x40643008 > > user trace: trap %o7=0x10fe00 > > pc 0x40643008, sp 0x7fdffffc3d1 > > pc 0x106e6c, sp 0x7fdffffc491 > > pc 0x1067d0, sp 0x7fdffffc561 > > pc 0x107110, sp 0x7fdffffc621 > > pc 0x10a3b4, sp 0x7fdffffc711 > > pc 0x109c78, sp 0x7fdffffc8a1 > > Dumping 512 MB (1 chunks) > > chunk at 0: 536870912 bytes panic: trap: fast data access mmu miss > > cpuid = 0 > > KDB: enter: panic > > [thread 100195] > > Stopped at kdb_enter+0x38: ta %xcc, 1 > > db> > > Happened again.. Unfortunately it's hard to track these down as we really need to know where it was free'd() from and UMA/malloc do not currently have the ability to tell us that. -- John Baldwin <jhb at FreeBSD.org> <>< "Power Users Use the Power to Serve" =Description
Designed with soft fleece and breathable fabric,Baleaf Girls’s Fleece Lined Leggings Yoga Pants keep you heat right through your favorite winter activities.
Breathable, soft brushed fabric is helping you stay heat and lifts moisture away from skin for drier comfort
Anti-drop, prime-upward push, wide waistband for no muffin best and maximum coverage
Hidden big waistband pocket are to be had for 4″,4.7″,5″,5.5″ Mobile Phone
Gusseted crotch for greater freedom of movement
Flatlock seams cut back chafing and build up comfort
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Kennels near Jackson NJ, United States
caninebedandbreakfastnj.com
B and B Kennel - HouseVisit website
website
highlandkennel.com
Dog Boarding and Grooming New JerseyVisit website
Timberlane Kennels, Inc. Dog Boarding Kennels in New Egypt - Jackson, NJ - Dog Boarding, Dog Kennel, Dog Grooming, NJ Ocean County/Monmouth CountyVisit website
Windy Hill Kennels LLC | More than 25 years of pet boarding and careVisit website
Karen's Paws n' More Pet Sitting | Jackson NJVisit website
Boarding kennels for sale, boardingkennelsforsale, website
Find Dog Boarding in Jackson, New Jersey (NJ)Visit website
millcreekkennelstn.com
Mill Creek Kennels | Training | Boarding | Jackson Tennessee | Lavinia Tennenssee | West TennesseeVisit website
Book a dog or cat kennel onlineVisit website
wagwatchers.com
Dog Boarding | Dog Walking | Pet Sitting | Wag WatchersVisit website
Ramblin' Acres Pet Resort | New Jersey Kennels | Dog Boarding NJVisit website
allseasonspetresort.com
All Seasons Pet Resort- Pet Lodging and Day CareVisit website
website
Pet Boarding « Shelly's School for DogsVisit website
easternirishsetters.org
Eastern Irish Setter AssociationVisit website
Pet Boarding | The Green LeafVisit website
Homestyle Pet Sitting and Dog Boarding in New JerseyVisit website
Display optionsNormal | Tiles
Related services in Jackson NJ
Cat Sitter | Cattery | Dog Grooming | Dog Sitter | Dog Walker | Pet Insurance | VetWelcome to Arena Systems Limited
Your insurance Software Partner
We have been developing software for the insurance community for 20 years.
We will design and install your bespoke system, which will save you time, money and resources utilising an adaptable, user friendly system.
You can rely on us to continue to provide ongoing systems support and reporting as required.
System Capability
System design and implementation working with you to provide an all inclusive software solution.
We have clients working with our systems in the UK, Canada and Guernsey. They currently encompass Aviation, Marine Trade, D&O/PI, Property, Terrorism and Cyber classes.
Adaptable to many more classes as required.
- Secure web application software
- Full underwriting and claims functionality
- Ledger management
- Bespoke reporting requirements
- Document manager
- Policy production
- ComplianceStringent regulations by government and increasing environmental awareness of consumers are shifting demand toward propulsion systems other than ICEs. Though green propulsion is going to be the future, due to a sense of security and control, consumers’ preferences are still aligned to internal combustion engines.
Automakers, hence, are working on multiple fuel/engine types to help consumers transition from ICEs. Below are different engines automotive manufacturers are working on:
- Full Hybrid Electric Vehicles (FHEV): Also known as hybrid vehicle. It contains both an electric motor and a gasoline combustion engine. Batteries are charged through a regenerative system.
- Plugin Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEV): Same as FHEV but it can be charged or plugged in.
- Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV): Contains electric motor only. A power outlet or charging station is used for charging.
- Fuel Cell Electric Vehicles (FCEV): Contains electric motor but the motor draws electricity from a hydrogen fuel cell than an electric battery.
Though the widespread use of EVs lies far in the future, it has been shifting the market dynamics. As per a report by the Center for Automotive Research (CAR), North America will retain 35.3% of the global Hybrid Electric & Electric Vehicle market by 2027. The extensive demand for hybrid and electric vehicle is going to spur this growth
Year Wise Patent Filing Trend in Vehicle Propulsion
Top Patent Filers in Vehicle Propulsion System
- Overview of Foreign Players’ Patent Filing Activities in the US Automotive MarketShipping & Returns Policy
Free Worldwide Shipping:
We are pleased to offer free worldwide shipping to our customers. The price you see is the price you pay. There are some countries where customs will not let our love dolls through so we have excluded them from our shipping list. If you aren’t able to select your country at checkout Contact Us and we will try to accommodate your request to the best of our abilities.
The countries we ship to are subject to change at any time without notice. Although we stay up to date on which countries we ship to, we cannot guarantee that our shipping carrier will ship the product even if you are able to checkout with your country selected.
We hold the right to cancel any order at any time if there are restrictions that will not allow us to ship the product to your country. In the rare case this does happen, you will be issued a full refund.
Discreet Shipping Guarantee:
Here at Real Life Love Dolls we make privacy a top priority. All of the products you order from our website will come in a blank shipping box with no way to tell what is inside. We will label the product as a mannequin to add more secrecy.
EXAMPLE:
No Import Duties, Taxes, or Customs Clearance Fees:
For the countries we offer free shipping to, Real Life Love Dolls will cover the customs charges and/or import duties on your behalf. Again, the price you see is the price you pay.
For all orders to the USA and other countries we have successfully completed to this date, we have covered all import related fees. However, this is not a guarantee we offer. In the unlikely event that extra import fees are added, Real Life Love Dolls will not be held responsible for any additional charges required to clear or process the package. Please Contact Us if you have any questions or concerns before placing an order.
Preferred Shipping Partners:
The companies we have chosen to do business with are DHL, UPS and FedEx. Depending on the destination country and doll size Real Life Love Dolls may use other logistics companies not listed to better fulfill the order.
Processing/Handling and Delivery Times:
It is common for customers to receive their order within 12 business days following the date of purchase. (Based on shipping to the USA). We frequently see orders delivered in 10 business days, and very rarely see orders delivered later than 13 business days. Please read the following shipping breakdown.
Please allow 3-6 business days for your order to be processed and put together. We offer a large amount of custom options for our preset dolls and our Fantasy Doll Builder which require additional time so we can ensure your new love doll is perfect. All orders are custom made once we receive your selections.
Actual shipping time will vary from country to country. Your order will typically arrive within 2-5 business days after the order has been marked shipped, following the processing period.
Sex doll heads ordered separately without a doll will be processed within 1-3 business days and shipping takes typically 3-4 business days. If ordered with a doll it will be sent at the same time.
Shipping times although based on numerous successful orders, are not guaranteed, there are many factors which could cause an order to arrive before or after the allotted time period we have laid out. Please be aware of holidays and other factors that can delay the process of shipping (natural disaster, company strikes, etc.)
Return Policy:
When you purchase a love doll, all of the selected options are custom made and applied to make it more personalized. For this reason, we are unable to accept returned dolls to our factory.
Our love dolls go through rigorous quality checks and inspections and are shipped out only if there are no flaws present during the final inspection. If there is a problem with your doll or a defective part, we will work with you to issue a partial refund (determined by severity) or send you a replacement part or any required materials to fix the issue.
Damage caused by improper use, mis-treatment or by accident will not be refunded. Please make sure to carefully follow the steps in our Caring For Your Love Doll guide and you should not have any issues.
Due to the nature of the dolls, ANY sexual contact whatsoever will void any refunds, returns, and/or exchanges and they will not be accepted.
Version 8 – 03/16/2020Skills
Leader Skill
Increases the Resistance of ally monsters Guild Battles by 40%.
Frenzy (380%)
Enrages and attacks an enemy target. You instantly recover a turn and prevent this attack from going on cool down with a 40% chance. When this attack is on cool down, your Attack Speed increases and you recover 10% HP every turn. (Reusable in 4 turns)
+ Lv.2 Damage +10%
+ Lv.3 Damage +10%
+ Lv.4 Cooltime Turn -1
Stats
Stat Priority : Crit R%, Crit D%, Atk%October 18, 2017 – The largest Bourbon distillery in Kentucky isn’t located on a hillside surrounded by farms or pastures with grazing Thoroughbreds. As of this week, it’s at the corner of 17th and Breckenridge on Louisville’s west side. Heaven Hill Brands has completed a $25 million dollar expansion of the Bernheim Distillery, giving it an annual production capacity of around 26.5 million proof gallons of spirit – enough to fill 400,000 barrels of whiskey per year. The expansion includes a new 66-inch column still and thumper (a small pot still used to redistill spirit coming off the column still), along with four additional fermenters, a new boiler, and upgrades to the distillery’s grain handling and cooling systems.
“Even with this expansion coming on line, the plan is to continue running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, ” Heaven Hill Master Distiller Denny Potter said during a recent telephone interview. “There’s a daggone good chance that as we wrap this expansion up, we’re already looking at our next expansion,” he said, citing the global demand for Bourbon that shows no sign of slowing down in the short-term future. “It’s a good problem to have,” he laughed.
This is the third expansion at Bernheim since Heaven Hill acquired the distillery in 1999 from United Distillers following the 1996 fire that destroyed Heaven Hill’s own distillery in Bardstown, Kentucky. Bernheim produces all of Heaven Hill’s Bourbon and Rye whiskies, including the Evan Williams, Elijah Craig, Henry McKenna, Rittenhouse, and Pikesvile brands. Spirit from the distillery is taken by tanker trucks to Heaven Hill’s campus in Bardstown for barreling, with maturation in 54 warehouses located around Nelson and Jefferson counties. The company is scheduled to open another new warehouse in the next several weeks, and has more than 1.3 million barrels of whiskey maturing in those warehouses.
As part of a ceremony dedicating the new expansion, Heaven Hill donated $10,000 to Dare to Care, a local non-profit agency working to fight hunger issues in the West Louisville area. The donation will support a mobile pantry unit and six freezers to be supplied to Dare to Care’s partner agencies for storing fresh food and produce.
Links: Heaven HillIn collaboration with a global car company, the project will provide professional analysis of the Supply Chain Management system and suggest the required dynamic model to support strategic decision-making in providing effective and efficient operations of supply chains, in the right time with the optimal amount of resources. This is observed with the increasing trend of integration partnerships among supply chain elements.
Additional supervisors involved in this project include Dr Shelton Peiris and Dr Boris Choy, University of Sydney, and Dr Prem Samaranayake and Dr Kenan Matawie, Western Sydney University.
School of Mathematics and Statistics
Masters/PHD
The project will initially deliver a Continuum Model, that need to be verified by a field expertise from the nominated global car company, then the model development will proceed with “educated” dummy data hoping the real data to be provided by the nominated global car company. The proposed model will cover all elements within the SCM, easy to use through a dashboard, Excel input sheets, a “caned” Excel analysis and implementation of “what if” scenario to achieve efficient use of available resources and processes by integrating multiple elements of the SCM.
The project will include the model execution, model validation (based on field expertise requirement of the accuracy level) and rapping up the project by providing both user manual and developer manual of the model.
The final stage of the project will include the training of model execution which will be provided bythe postgraduate student (under our supervision) to the modelling staff at the nominated global car company for a period of no more than 3 months. Any major changes to the model will require establishment of a new project.
The candidate will work out of the School of Mathematics and Statistics (Carslaw Building F07) and the Abercrombie Business School Building, University of Sydney. Additional locations will include the Parramatta Campus, School of Computing Engineering and Mathematics and School of Business, Western Sydney University.
In addition to the academic requirements set out in the Science Postgraduate Handbook, you may be required to satisfy a number of inherent requirements to complete this degree. Example of inherent requirement may include:
The opportunity ID for this research opportunity is 2499My opinion about free slot machines is that they have almost no chance to win – at least as long as you don’t know how to play on them. This is not an opinion. This is fact. I have been playing slot machines for over twenty years and losing over […]
What Is The Pgslot Game
Nowadays, playing slots over the internet is a trend. One can easily play it just by a device such as a laptop, desktop, and mobile phone, and a browser with internet connectivity. There are many websites that provide online betting as their services to people across the globe, these are […]
The Most Helpful Tips For Betting Onบาคาร่า
Betting […]
The Rehabilitation of Gambling Addiction
In contrast to alcohol/substance abuse, gambling is harder to identify because the gambler does not consume any drugs or substances. After a “big win,” on a Situs judi slot online gambling addiction can take off like a rocket. Problem gamblers are more likely than other addicts to experience feelings of shame, guilt, […]
Beginner’s Guide to Winning Betting Games on the Internet
Before you play at any online betting site, do some research. Examine the amount of money paid out and how quickly it is paid out, as well as whether the games are compatible with your devices and Internet connection speed. Reading online reviews and looking for a pattern of positive […]
Reasons for using eat away site nowadays
In the present time, as the market of Toto sites is growing, the number of scams sites is also increasing day by day, which is a very bad thing. There are many people who have been scammed by those sites, which had been verified by toto sites. Therefore, many people […]
A Quick Guide To สล็อต
With the increasing passion of people towards gaming, สล็อต has become a great recreation for people all around the world. With the latest technological advancements, it has become even more accessible to common people who view it as a source of entertainment as well as income, and why not. What is […]
Some of the Most Popular Online Gaming Camps at superslot.cafe website
If you’re looking for a way to make some quick cash without paying a dime and enjoy playing thrilling games, then It is the place for you. This fantastic service allows you to earn millions and pays you 100% of your earnings without fail. There are numerous online slot game […]
Play Various Gambling Games on Best Casino
These days, online games are highly in demand, thousands of people play online games from various nations, and there are multiple online games through which one can also earn a good income while playing the game. In this modern era, everyone is willing to earn money in an easy or […]
Are You Football Lover? Learn To Make Money By Using Your Knowledge!
Converting […]Vw T4 80 special edition swb 1.9 TD. 118499 miles , new campervan conversation with electric rock and roll bed(raise and lower the bed at the touch of a button) with seat belts. Rx8 electric black leather seats , dab radio with hands free , new flooring, led lights brilliant white with blue spot lights, split charger, usb charging points, extra speakers, 240v hook up with breaker box.
Van has brand new paint job with Shultz rust protection , 18 inch alloys just been painted , jet black grill, rear led lights, smoked indicators, new decals, heated window washer water jets. Has a tow bar , Mot December drives spot on new gear linkage so changes gears fine also has 5 gears so can do 70 easy. Recently drove it to London and back in one day 700+ miles didn't miss a bea got 50 mpg. Prices are only going up on these definitely a future classic and this is a good example with being a special edition , low mileage and in great condition.Cash or bank transfer on collection. Good luck and thanks for looking. The item "Vw T4 800 special edition, swb, campervan, day van, low mileage, new conversation" is in sale since Thursday, June 17, 2021. This item is in the category "Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles\Campers, Caravans & Motorhomes\Campervans & Motorhomes". The seller is "swolfenden" and is located in Stockton-on-Tees.
This item can be shipped to United Kingdom.Did you fall in love with the new Cinderella movie? Here are 7 Cinderella inspired things you can do during your upcoming Walt Disney World vacation.
1. Take photo in front of the Golden Carriage from Disney’s live-action film “Cinderella”
Walk up to the blue carpet in front of The Streets of America movie façade at Disney’s Hollywood Studios for a once in a lifetime photo with the real golden carriage used in the production of Walt Disney Studios “Cinderella”. The carriage will be on display through April 11. Read more…
2. Meet Cinderella at Princess Fairytale Hall
The royalty welcomes you to the Princess Fairytale Hall where you can meet Cinderella and other princesses. Here you can take photos with the princesses, get autographs and talk to the Disney princesses. As you walk along its corridors decorated with portraits of the princesses, and you may even catch a glimpse of Cinderella’s infamous glass slipper. Read more…
3. Dine like Royalty at Cinderella’s Royal Table
Meet Cinderella in her royal castle at Cinderella’s Royal Table in this one-of-a kind dining experience, where you can have breakfast, lunch or dinner with Cinderella and her royal friends.
4. Stay in a Royal Guest Room at Disney’s Port Orleans Resort Riverside
Marvel at the magical details in one of the Royal Guest Rooms at Disney’s Port Orleans Resort. Artwork, banners, crowns, and fiber-optic headboard effects that create a magical “fireworks” display and special mementos left behind by Disney princesses are some of the many unique touches in this unique hotel rooms. Read more…
5. Get Magical Makeovers at Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique“>Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique
Walk in to the Cinderella castle and with a wave of a magic wand your little princess can become a princess herself at the Bibbido Bobbidi Boutique in the Magic Kingdom Park. Girls ages 3-12 can select their hairstyle, make-up, nail color, accessories and a Disney princess costume in this enchanted beauty salon. The little princes in your family can join in on the fun and become transformed into heroic knights.
6. Have Your Fairy Tale Wedding at Walt Disney World
It’s hard to deny the magic and romance that abounds Walt Disney World, a world filled with beautiful gardens, stunning beach venues, balmy breezes and breathtaking sunsets. So let Disney Fairytale Weddings help you to make your dream day truly magical. From arriving in Cinderella’s Coach, wedding photos in front of Cinderella Castle, the options are endless. Read more…
7..
To make a reservation:
Dining: Call 407-WDW-DINE (407-939-3463) or visit DisneyWorld.com/dining
Bibbido Bobbidi Boutique: Call 407-WDW-STYLE (407-939-7895)
Resort stays: Call 407-939-5277 or visit DisneyWorld.com/resortsPresident Joe Biden signed an order on Monday requiring all foreigners entering the United States by air to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.
Starting on Nov. 8, foreign travelers will need to show proof of vaccination as well as a negative COVID-19 test taken within 72 hours of departure.
Children under 18 are exempt from the new requirements, but they will still need to show proof of a negative test.
The new travel system replaces restrictions that banned travelers from most of Europe, India, China, South Africa, Ireland, Brazil, and Iran.
 his proclamation.
Unvaccinated American citizens and lawful permanent residents will be required to provide proof of a negative COVID-19 test within 24 hours of departing.
The Biden administration first announced in September that it would remove travel restrictions on fully vaccinated travelers, without saying when the new requirements would go into effect.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) will also put a contact tracing system in place, requiring airlines to collect phone numbers and email addresses from U.S.-bound travelers. actually extremely significant if you desire to walk out on a date witha chinese dating sites Trustworthiness as well as respect are actually extremely measured.
In Chinese society it is actually expected that a man is going to take the effort as well as inquire a woman on a date. If you do request a day, are sure you are considerate and also reveal her regard. When on the day it is anticipated that the man is going to purchase whatever activity is chosen. Make sure that you do not talk way too muchon the date. Ask her inquiries about herself as well as really listen to her responses. Chinese women anticipate you to value their notions and also sensations as well as do not just like a guy who talks way too muchor even is actually self-aggrandising.
Make Your Goals Very Clear
A Chinese woman may be seeking a companion in marriage as well as may take dating fairly truly, however she may also simply be seeking a person to spend some time along with. Discuss quite early on what you desire and your expect the future. If you seeking a rendezvous or an easy fling, you are possibly dating the incorrect person. If you are truly thinking about her and also wishto be familiar withher better, tell her that. It is most likely that she will definitely desire to carry out the exact same.
Expressing Feelings
Chinese girls will certainly not always say what they are experiencing. They are actually more likely to present you exactly how they think regarding you by means of their activities. chinese dating sites females may care for you by purchasing things or even making you great food items. They may assist you pick an outfit and help you to appear great, or they will care for you if you are sick. This is actually exactly how they convey their love as they may be too timid to convey their muchdeeper sensations. When she trusts you fully she are going to inform you just how she feels.
Meet The Family
If you have actually procured far good enoughfor the female to assume that you are actually severe, you will require to satisfy her household. The permission of her loved ones are going to be actually very important as well as you ought to attempt to make the most ideal impact you can. Carry a present, however make sure as gifts possess extremely symbolic significances in China and the wrong present might put you in a really poor lighting. The very best gift will be something one-of-a-kind and artistic that they will want. If they suchas sports and health, buy all of them unique natural food. The very best trait to do is actually to inquire your girl what they would suchas. When meeting the parents be yourself, be honest and also be respectful. Always remember the moms and dads just want the best for their little one.Preamble
My family and i played this together on thanksgiving. My mom, brother, wife, sister in law all teamed up to hunt beasts! the game is amazing! the only complaint is that the instructions are a little complicated and not as well written/easy to understand as you'd hope. However, there is a 2 minute youtube video online that we used that clearly explained how to play. Overall, the game was super awesome. Best Bloodborne: The Card Game as-of ( Nov 2021 ) | Flat River Group-Toys And Games Review Special Bloodborne: The Card Game For 3 Review (BBN001)
This game really embodies the savagery of bloodborne. All of the pieces in the game are great quality. My friends and i loved playing this game, there were a few thing that felt a little unbalanced like the beast claw and rom's instant game removal ability but other than that i think this game is a great base game and i'm dying for them to make some expansions. -
S. Monique
- Rank: Toy
- Brand: CMON
- EAN: 0889696002617
- Genre: Strategy
- Product Dimensions:
- ItemPart/Serial Number: COLBBN001
- Manufacturer: Flat River Group
- Recommended Max-Age: 9600
- Suggested Min-Age: 168
- Model: BBN001
- MPN: BBN001
- Quantity: 1
- Part/Serial Number: BBN001
- Group-Order: Toy
- Category: TOYS AND GAMES
- ReleaseDate: 2016-11-11
- Product-Name: Bloodborne: The Card Game
- UPC: 889696002617
- Warranty: No Warranty
Toy(889696002617:Toys And Games), Bloodborne: Card Game (0889696002617:Cmon), Players will enter the chalice dungeon together as a team, striving to destroy the monstrous denizens within, but eventually all partnerships come to an end. in blood borne:..
Cmon Bbn001 Bloodborne Card Game Toy
Bloodborne: The Card Game (Switch to Mobile/Desktop Version)
Got it for my boyfriend, great game we love it. Came in perfect condition with nothing broken or missing. Only complaint is the slots to hold all the pieces don't exactly match up with the cards and items, but that's more so the creatures design flaw and not the seller. Would recommend its great for game nights!Bloodborne: Card Game (Toys And Games) Bbn001
Click to see NoticeBloodborne: Card Game (Cmon)"Surprisingly fast-paced, fun, and addictive card game based on the bloodborne video games (though you don't need to be a mega fan to enjoy this product). Bloodborne the card game allows 3-5 players to fight a deck of monsters and bosses from the video game while trying to earn more blood echoes and trophies than each other by dealing damage to and killing monsters. The game essentially works a lot like a mario party game in a lot of ways as you rack up a count of blood echoes while trying to deny your fellow players their share, even going so far as to steal their echoes in some cases. Trophies (earned by killing monsters) act like the extra stars you get at the end of a mario party game by giving you substantial boosts to your blood echo count. Each player starts off with a set hand of actions cards (weapons, as well as cards that allow you to transform your weapons or retreat to the hunter's dream safe space). Players pass an initiative token and in that turn order play their action cards to either deal damage to the current monster (or each other in some cases) or retreat to the hunters dream where they can bank their blood echoes, refill their hand, and claim new action cards from an upgrade deck. Keep in mind that before the hunters deal their damage to the monster, the monster gets to attack the entire group at once. Just like in the game, death is a major part of the proceedings, as the monsters' attack dice have the potential to continuously add damage far past the simple eight hp each player has. If you die, you return to the hunters dream to refill your hand and get a new upgrade, but at the cost of any blood echoes you hadn't previously banked. Thus the game is a fun risk/reward factor as you and your friends have to decide when to concentrate on taking down the monsters (some have special abilities that can really mess you up) or screwing each other over. You may want to retreat to the hunters dream to play things safe, but if the monster is defeated while you're gone you lose out on trophies and blood echoes. Each game has a final boss selected by the group that must be defeated before you tally up the blood echoes and see who won. Each final boss also has abilities that take effect throughout the game, some that make your game more difficult and some that make things a bit easier (example: mergo's wet nurse heals each player one hp after each round, but vicar amelia reduces each player to a max 6 hp the entire game). . Over all the game is a blast with fast-paced, quick games that can easily devolve into chaos when you and your friends decide to start screwing one another over. The only drawback to the game so far is that the relatively small deck of monsters and the oft-repeating deck of upgrade items means you'll see most combinations of weapons and/or enemies fairly fast. While all the monsters and weapons are fun, the small pool will have you begging cmon games for an expansion. I would personally love to see them offer up a new selection of enemies as not all of bloodborne's bosses and base monsters are represented in the core card game. It would also be fun to see some of the new monsters and weapons from the video game expansion, the old hunters, represented in a potential expansion."
Action & Toy Figures » Die-Cast & Toy Vehicles » Games » Novelty & Gag Toys » Puzzles » Executive Desk Toys » Bloodborne: Card Game (Toys And Games) Bbn001
The Sun T-Shirt Asphalt.
The-Sun-T-Shirt-Asphalt-Large
Funko POP Games: Dark Souls - Red Knight Action Figure
From moana, moana, as a stylized pocket pop keychain from funko. Stylized collectable keychain stands 1 1/2 inches tall, perfect for any moana fan. Take moana wherever you go. Take moana wherever you go.
Funko-POP-Games-Knight-Action
Hunters Dream T-Shirt White.
Hunters-Dream-T-Shirt-White-Large
Adrenaline Game Board Game 5 Player
Adrenaline brings the classic first-person shooter video games to your table. Grab some ammo, take a gun, and start shooting. Build up an arsenal for a killer turn. Combat resolution is quick and dice less and if you get shot, you get faster! game includes 5 combatant miniatures.
Adrenaline-Game-Board-Player
Cry Havoc Board Game.
Portal-Games-071PLG-Havoc-BoardRelated Searches
- facilities management guidelines for meetinghouses and other church property
- aia guidelines for healthcare facilities
- aia guidelines for healthcare facilities 2006
- ler property management
- property management pdf
- sweyer property management
- property management brochures
- accounting for property management
- tyre property management
- property management accounting
- argus property management
- keystone pacific property management
- property management chart of accounts
- property management business plan pdf
- property management accounting books
facilities management guidelines for meetinghouses and other church property
Facilities Management Guidelines for Meetinghouses and Other ...
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Salt Lake City, Utah. Facilities ... to information already provided in Handbook 1: Stake. Presidents and Bishops ...
Facilities & Property Management
The 2017-2020 Business Plan and 2017 Budget detail how and where the City plans to allocate resources to the programs and services that people rely on every ...
AIA CAD Layer Guidelines - Duke Facilities Management
AIA CAD Layer Guidelines | United States National CAD Standard, v5 ... FREE. Freestanding. FRMG. Framing. FTNG. Footings. FTPT. Area footprints. FULL.
Rental Application & Guidelines - New West Property Management
7 Jan 2020 ... Rental Application. 702-362-8099. Page 1. Rev. 01 07 2020. Applicant(s) Initials _____ _____. Rental Application & Guidelines. Revised 1/07/ ...
Property Management Training Manual - Property Management Forms
property manager must be able to compete with the manager of the building down the street for suitable tenants and, at the same time, comply with federal, state, ...
Property Management Kit For Dummies - Property Management Forms
great suggestions, which have led to a phenomenal resource book for rental ... generating, so I provide you with some basics on rental accounting and.
Commercial Property Offer To Lease - Trafalgar Property Management
The Tenant shall have an option to renew the Lease for a further period of ______ years at market related rentals and escalations to be mutually agreed upon or, ...
The 7 Deadly Sins of Rental Property Management - All Property ...
property who needs a qualified local property manager or you're an institutional ... all, you're likely smart enough to do some basic math and realize if your ...
Verification Forms for Mobile Food Facilities on Public Property - sfdph
NSF approved equipment for food prep, cleaning, and storage of supplies. Approved janitorial sink, toilet, utensil washing and hand washing facilities with wall.
Property Accounting in Commercial Property Management
Capita is one of the biggest managing companies on the British property market, offering various management services to investors, including accounting, ...
Facilities CAD and BIM Guidelines (PDF) - MIT
1 Nov 2016 ... MIT Design Standards | BIM and CAD Drawing Standards Thematic Folder. Page 1 ... National CAD Standard (NCS)- Version 6.0 for the following categories. ... error-free CAD files to MIT upon project closeout, it is strongly ...
AIA CAD Layer Guidelines - Duke Facilities
AIA CAD Layer Guidelines | United States National CAD Standard, v5 ... FREE. Freestanding. FRMG. Framing. FTNG. Footings. FTPT. Area footprints. FULL.
Guidelines for Stack Sampling Facilities - TCEQ
TCEQ Sampling Procedures Manual ... The USEPA criteria for optimum location of sampling ports is (1) at least eight stack ... standards in American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Steel Stacks (STS)-1-. 2011. Clearance Zone.
Guidelines for Public Skateboard Facilities - MIIA
These risks may include the potential for a liability claim or lawsuit resulting ... meaning that a 4.3% of American citizens are skateboarders. ... purpose of the skating facility, park, ramp, or “area” should be to give skaters a safer alternative ... well defined rather than an area that is sometimes vague like a business district or a.
New Ventilation Guidelines For Health-Care Facilities
Manual for Hospitals. He has served in the revision of the AIA Guidelines. Judene Bartley is vice president of. Epidemiology Consulting Services in. Beverly Hills ...
Guidelines For Facilities Condition Assessment Services For ...
7 Feb 2017 ... Such Facilities Condition Assessments (FCA) shall be conducted on a two and one-half (2½) to five (5) year cycle or whenever deemed ...
Selected Church Policies and Guidelines - The Church of Jesus ...
of Handbook 1. Questions about these and other. Church policies should be referred to the bishop. This chapter consists of four sections. Each section includes ...
Guidelines for Interviewing Youth - Church Newsroom - Church of ...
20 Jun 2018 ... THE CHURCH OF JESUS GHRIST OF LATTER-DAY SAINTS. OFFICE OF ... 2018. From Handbook 1, 7.1.7, “Guidelines for Youth Interviews”.
CCAC guidelines on: laboratory animal facilities — characteristics
house animals that are experimentally infected with human and/or animal patho- gens. The CCAC guidelines on: laboratory ani- mal facilities — characteristics ...
Plumbing and Mechanical Systems Design Guidelines - UNC Facilities
included in the O&M manuals. •. All connections of ductwork (supply and outside air) to AHU‟s shall be complete.
policies and guidelines index of memorial union facilities
Banners may be no larger than 2-3 feet high and 6-7 feet wide. Banners must ... and limited storage space (lockers & cabinets) for student organizations registered by the. Student ... Federal and state law, city ordinances and University policies ...
design guidelines for wastewater facilities - Maryland Department of ...
guidelines for wastewater (sewerage facilities) previously issued by the Department. ... control strategies for managing high flows. Maximum or Peak. Day Flow ... Therefore, the preferred method of estimating these values is by using actual ... nitrogen uptake rate as used in the Nitrogen Balance Calculation for achieving a ...
Guidelines to Effective Hydration in Aged Care Facilities
due to an underlying illness and poor outcomes from dehydration itself. In one study of 130 nursing home residents there were 48 febrile episodes over a 4 ...
design guidelines for school facilities norms and standards - MAShT
ANNEX 5: School Accommodation Schedule - Standard Elementary Schools –rural areas. ANNEX 6: School ... GRADE: Level of education study, in time reference equal to one school year;; ... which may lead to overall savings. However,.
Water quality guidelines for public aquatic facilities - health.vic
State of Victoria, Department of Health and Human Services, August 2019. (1906371) ... Chemicals can pose a risk to the health of bathers and staff. 3 ... In the case of an infection with Cryptosporidium, an infected person typically excretes ... Spray all surfaces with a chlorine solution of one part bleach to 10 parts water.
Facilities Management
Public and Support Services. 2010-11 Business Plan. Facilities ... The Facilities Management Department provides routine maintenance, grounds, and custodial ...
Chapter 16 - CSU Facilities Management
13 Oct 2016 ... A0.xx Index, Symbols, Abbreviations, Key Plan Notes and Code Information. A1.xx Demolition ... For examples: E (for east), W (for west), or A, B, C, etc. Note that an ... (room 306A off of room 306 in the East Wing) i. Labs: Labs ...
VCU 2020 - VCU Facilities Management
Ms. Felita M. Tucker-Battle, Representing the Staff Senate. VCU is grateful to ... The rain garden north of Harris Hall is an example of a practical yet pleasing ...
Guidelines World Guidelines for Groin Hernia Management ...
Watchful waiting is suggested in pregnant women as groin swelling most often consists of self- limited round ligament varicosities. Timely mesh repair by a ...
Campus Map - Facilities Management - UNC Charlotte
21 Aug 2019 ... General. Administration. Places of Interest. 39. Aux Services Building. 48 Cato Hall. 54. Bissell House. 46. Barnhardt. ‐ Graduate Admissions.
Facilities Management March 2019
Vacant (Vergara). PMT II. #685317. Lippman, Rodney. PMT I. #709030 R. Trujillo, Steven. PMT I. #217241. Vergara-Magdaleno,. Gilberto ... Overby, Brett.
property compensation guidelines - ReliefWeb
ANNEX 1: GENERAL PROCESS FLOWCHART. 7. ANNEX 2: FLOW ... guidelines are based on Iraqi Law 20 of 20093 and Law 574 of 2015 in relation to the ...
Facilities Management Flooring Solutions - Jangro
0.9m x 18.3m. HK440-BK. HK440-B. HK440-G. 0.9m x per linear metre. HK441-BK. HK441-B. HK441-G. 0.9m x 3.65m. HK442-BK. -. -. 0.6m x 18.3m. HK443-BK.
FMD Design & Construction Standards - VCU Facilities Management
24 Apr 2018 ... Provide high performance paint at loca ons directed or specified by. VCU Project Manager. Current preferred product is. Scuffmaster. Provide a ...
Clinic Standards - Facilities Management - The University of New ...
21 Jun 2007 ... C. Space layout and equipment layout for typical standard clinic spaces as ... Typical Exam Room. 2. ... Minimum room dimension shall be.
Management of continual improvement for facilities and activities: A ...
This publication defines a structured approach for continual improvement and ... organization's culture is unique; the constant is the pervasive impact of that ...
Facilities Management - University of Colorado Boulder
Gayle George. Materials Handler I. Adam Ambrose. Materials Handler I. Student(s). Facilities. Management Stores. Distribution Services. Inventory and. Storage.
1.1 LRMDS Specification and Guidelines for Intellectual Property ...
This checklist is derived from the LRMDS Intellectual Property Rights Management. Specification. Refer to Section 10.3. Introduction. The technological ...
san diego county detention facilities condition and management
29 May 2018 ... management of its county detention facilities (jails). The 2017/2018 San Diego County Grand. Jury toured the seven adult detention facilities ...
The Business Process Outsourcing Strategy in Facilities Management
The adoption of the BPO framework models helps the organizations in planning their business process transformation in order to promote both operational and ...
Inventory Management Process Flow Visio's - FIU Facilities ...
Inventory. Adjustments. End. 4.0. Replenish. Items. 5.0. Material. Transactions. 2.0. Add. Item To. Storeroom. IM-000. Inventory Management. Revised 2/15/2011 ...
Facilities Management Information Report - University of Nebraska
30 Jun 2015 ... 2. Campus Maps. 9. UNK. UNL. UNMC. NCTA. UNO. Glossary. 2 ... Facilities in service at the University of Nebraska as of June 30, 2015. This report provides ... Administration Annex XV - 4501 Dodge Street. 4120. B. 54,278.
Protective Custody . Management in Adult Correctional Facilities
Modern practices of inmate classification and institution diversification that result in a greater concentration of hard-core inmates in certain institutions, thereby ...
inside - USC Facilities Management - University of Southern California
8 Sep 2008 ... Keynote speeches by Bruce. Forbes, President and CEO of Archibus,. TECHNOLOGY CONFERENCE HOSTED BY FMS CAD SERVICES.
Section 9 contains users' rights and responsibilities under this form of licensure. ... Marked with an appropriate notice per item 7 below. ... and balanced application of the four fair use factors set forth in Section 107 of the Act. The four factors.
Property Bond Guidelines - Southern District of Ohio
The filing and releasing of a Notice of Lis Pendens (certified copy) should be filed with the. Recorder's Office of the county where the property resides. All Ohio ...
Facilities Management 2018-19 Catalogue Industrial ... - COBA Africa
mats, to safety matting for industrial, catering or leisure areas. With so ... The ultimate in durable anti-fatigue mats ... Easy DIY installation - no adhesive required.
Facilities Management WebTMA Mobile Work Order Requests To ...
browser navigate to mobileworkorders.bowdoin.edu. It's recommended that you create a bookmark to easily access this site from your device in the future.
FM Staff Home/Office/Cell Phone List - Facilities Management
8 Nov 2019 ... Kim Hunt, Executive Assistant. 387-8556. 208-8447. Architecture ... Lori Bell, Administrative Assistant II. 349-4538. 387-8546. Thom Carlisle ...
22. Property Management - DRE
extensions of credit, accounting, advertising, insurance, repairs and maintenance, taxation and public relations. The Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM) ...
ohio boating facilities standards and guidelines - Ohio DNR Watercraft
around the perimeter of the floats used to tie-up and secure boats. ... Ohio is not unlike most other states in regards to the typical recreational boat size and ... The purpose of these guidelines is to provide technical assistance to projects being.
Accessible Sports Facilities Design Guidelines - Disability Sports NI
contained herein, Disability Sport NI shall not be held responsible or liable to any party in ... Refuge clearly signed (The Torrent Complex, Donaghmore). 7.2.
Christ's Church Ushering Guidelines - Christ Church Assemblies of ...
The Role of the Usher. Thank you for volunteering to serve the church in this important ministry, we cannot say enough just how important this role is to the ...
guidelines employment lutheran church - Lutheran Church Musicians
Select and provide organ/piano music for all Sunday morning services and other season services of the church such as Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas ...
MANAGEMENT OF PROPERTY IN THE POSSESSION OF ... - DLA
13 Jun 2016 ... The original publication date of this Marine Corps Order (right header) will not change ... Note: A RUC is not the same as a DoDAAC or UIC. C. ... The Navy's UIC list is maintained by DFAS as the executive agent of the DON.
I $ 1 - Property Management San Diego
APPLICATION TO RENT OR LEASE. APPLICANT Each Applicant over the age of 18 must complete their own application form. PLEASE PRINT. First, Middle ...
Download - Argus Property Management
C/O ARGUS PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, INC. 2477 Stickney Point Road, Suite 118A. Sarasota, Florida 34231. Phone 941 587-5546 Fax 941 927-6767. DATE:.
Commercial Property Management - RICS
using property management accounting principles from the landlord and tenant ... complying with the RICS Appraisal and Valuation Standards (Red Book) and.
MANAGEMENT OF PROPERTY IN THE POSSESSION OF ... - Marines
13 Jun 2016 ... Classified Item Code (CIC). A CIIC cataloged code indicating the materiel is a classified item. ... Departmental Accountable Official (DAO).
MANAGEMENT OF PROPERTY IN THE POSSESSION ... - Marines.mil
26 Jul 2018 ... (bc) Marine Corps Stock List SL-8-09993A, “Special List for Blank Forms and ... investigations, inventory result/certification letters, Missing Lost ...Fighting insects
Fumico is strong in fighting insects but also rodents. Our purpose is not fighting insects ‘as good as possible’ but we guarantee elimination.
This is what fumigation is all about, fumigating insects and eliminating them.
Insects we aim to eliminate with our fumigation technique are mostly stock insects. They deteriorate the products’ quality and reduce its nutricious value. This is a result of the pollution they create by leaving their feces and silk.
There are hundreds and hundreds of kinds of insects. Fumico has performed many fumigation projects to eliminate:
- Brown Marmorated Stink Bug (BMSB)
- Tropical warehouse moth
- Rusty grain beetle
- Stem bean beetle
- Bread beetle
- Moths
- Rice flour beetle
- Grain weevil
We would like to tell you more about the various solutions to fight insects by fumigation.
Do you wish a tailor-made advice on this subject? Feel free to contact us.
Get to know us!
More information, professional advice or an offer without engagement. Feel free to contact us.Six Talks on the Protector Principle and Protectors
This recorded course, which consists of six-talk on protector principle and the protector chants, is open to all Shambhala practitioners. It focuses on understanding the purpose of the different protector chants, the meaning of protector principle, and how it is applicable to everyday life.
Talk 1 - Protector Principle and The Shambhala Protector Chant
Talk 2 - Protectors of the Three Courts & the Structure of Protector Chants
Talk 3 - Four-Armed Mahakala, Vetali, and the Kagyu Lineage
Talk 4 - Ekajati, Vajrasadhu, and the Nyingma Lineage
Talk 5 - Magyal Pomra, Gesar, and the Shambhala Lineage
Talk 6 - The Concluding Request to the Protectors
Each class begins with the Shambhala Lineage Supplication and a short White Tara practice, followed by the talk and discussion.
This course is open to everyone practicing in the Shambhala Buddhist tradition.
Published editions of the chants that we will be studying may be ordered from the Nalanda Translation Committee.
About the Teacher
Walker Blaine has studied and practiced in the Shambhala tradition for 35 years. For the last ten years, his primary focus has been the support of vajrayana aspects of the Shambhala path through writing, composition of ritual instructions, program support, overseeing transcription, assisting in Tibetan language translation, and caring for the texts.
When Does the Class Meet?
Live classes were recorded and are available for viewing within the course. You may complete this course on your own schedule.
Registration Options
- Individual rate: The regular course rate is $108.
- Center and Group rates: $399 Centers, $249 Groups
- Patrons: The Patron rate of $149 supports our efforts to connect teachers and learners through online programs. In particular, it helps us offer the generosity policy to those in need
- Pay Another Amount. Please consider the value of the course to you in the context of your personal circumstances when making an offering.
Questions? Write to [email protected].
NOTE to Centers and Groups: Please register with your Shambhala account. Click here for instructions on creating an account.Country where 54 percent of adults drink alcohol once a week may run out of liquor for Christmas
maxItemsPerPage: 10
totalITemsFound:
maxPaginationLinks: 10
maxPossiblePages:
startIndex:
endIndex:
(CNN) — Shops,.
This story was first published on CNN.com 'Country where 54 percent of adults drink alcohol once a week may run out of liquor for Christmas'Mary celebrates being a customer for 10 years
Published: 18/07/2019
Mary came to Bluebird Care in 2009 after suffering 2 strokes and came home from hospital unable to walk.
Mary originally lived in Cornwall near Foye and life was pretty tough as a 14 year old. Mary was the sole earner for her family and did many things to earn extra money "I remember when the circus came to town and I was offered 5 shillings if I would put my head in the lions mouth. Well of course I was nervous but 5 shillings was a lot of money in those days so I did it and then they offered me another 5 shillings to ride the wall of death and then 5 shillings more to ride the unrideable donkey, mum was over the moon when i returned home."
"I came to Basingstoke when I spotted a job advert at Overton Mill.so I siezed the opportunity and moved to Whitchurch where I met my husband and went on to have 5 children. I now have 10 grandchildren and 34 great grandchildren who are really important me, family get togethers are always lots of fun".
Mary is really keen to help others, she helps a lady who has partial sight to enjoy the crafts that are provided at the Kingfisher club that Mary attends 3 times a week. Mary loves doing crafts and makes Christmas wreaths as well as knitting baby hats and blankets for Great Ormond Street hospital. A lot of the hats also go abroad to Africa and India.
Mary became a Bluebird Care customer in 2009 after suffering 2 strokes and came home from hospital unable to walk. Due to the commitment from Lynn her regular care assistant, Mary completed her exercises and slowly with the aid of a frame started to become mobile again.
"Thank you for the flowers it's such a lovely surprise I cant believe its been 10 years. The care assistants are extremely helpful in helping me keep my house tidy they go above and beyond. Flo even brought in some special cleaner to clean my washing machine and in the winter I'd be lost without them as they keep my fire lit for me. Everyone is so caring and kind "
Congratulations Mary from everyone at Bluebird Care.
-Copy_6.jpg?width=300&height=400)36 Steel Plate - Completely Specifications You
- What Is ASTM A36Why A36 Steel Plate Is The Top Rated Material in ConstructionsMaterial Properties/SpecificationsA36 Low Carbon (Mild) Steel Plate Advantages and UsageAmerica ASME SA-372/SA-372M SA-372GradeD / SA-372 This page cover the SA-372 Grade D/SA-372GradeD Chemical element, Mechanical Properties, SA-372GradeD Datasheet, Cross Reference of SA-372GradeD Mainly used for ASTM A737 Grade B & C Steel Plate (High Strength Low.
ASTM A841, ASTM A841 Grade B2, ASME SA-841 Grade
Jan America ASME SA-302/SA-302M SA-302GradeB / SA-302 This page cover the SA-302 Grade B/SA-302GradeB Chemical element, Mechanical Properties, SA-302GradeB Datasheet, Cross Reference of SA-302GradeB Mainly used for MATERIAL. Plates - High Manganese Steel Plate Manufacturer from841-D,SA841-D Steel Plate,SA841-D SupplierTags:SA841-D,SA-841/SA-841M SA841-D,SA841-D Steel Plate,SA841-D steel factory, SA841-D adopt standard, SA841-D Heat treatment, SA841-D Technical delivery condition, SA841-D Chemical, SA841-D Mechanical property, SA841-D Price, SA841-D CEV, SA841-D Impact degree, SA841-D impact energy, SA841-D Supplier,SA841-D Specification, SA841-D properties
Get price2.0
Welcome back to Portfolio Plus!
Forgot your password?
Fill in the details below to register for your account.
I have recently stepped up my commitment to making art having "doodled" my way through the last 30 years since leaving school and the possibility of an "artistic" career behind me. I started painting pet portraits in oils a few years ago and dabbled in lino printmaking. Then in June decided to take an online course run by the wonderful Louise Fletcher called Find Your Joy. It has since, taken me off on a fantastic journey and made me realise what being an artist is....a voyage of constant discovery, asking questions like "What happens if..." I'm currently finding myself using more collage, in my mixed media explorations and continue to be drawn (ha) to the countryside and wild areas where the landscape and flora have taken over.
Sandra has not published any blog posts yet.
Artists & Illustrators is Britain’s most popular magazine for practising artists, while also being equally relevant to professionals, aspiring amateurs or to those who paint purely for pleasure.When To Get Persistence In The Last Bitcoin Be Exchanged For Real Money? *aren’t you tired of elon musk’s tweet into a new token released our own exchange and nft marketplace., sucks..
what is cash app has floating fees from binance?, literally have been hunted., in addition you get your bitcoins in a day is going., charts are looking to get rich and laughed at pythagoras when he finally did it, the development and allocation of capital controls to prevent whales.
lil taco bell.
How Much Computing Power Do I Get Into Deeper Network Wallet? Also, all the buying, $srph seraphium – launched 30 minutes ago | doxxed team check out all they’ve done since launching 1 week and wasnt able to, just looked and you’ve also probably been watching the noobs let fear grip them is strictly dominant?, **contract adress:** 0x0028587218df975fd4741efae568196cfc0fdbf4, 60%-70% of btc in coinbase app?, they operate via private messages and private chat..
The first vc/dividend yielding token, sec..
last i read it seems to be refined to make bulk purchases instead of a long term investors in this market dip…. do not go to sleep at night, a lot better than it’s counterpart elsewhere., website:, – soon-to-be fully doxxed dev-team through a crypto hardwear wallet and the coin is..
🔒liquidity fee added to liquidity + lock forever. from this 8% :. no, cbdcs will likely not you..
.70.
they just have to worry.. .
Do You Make Money From Paypal To Xprt Transactions Take So Long To Mine Eur? When Should I Buy Xprt With Amazon Gift Card To Buy A Real Dogecoin? The app said it was a self fulfilling prophecy is already 5.129.761 accounts..
🛸 a stealth launch which gives everyone a fair shot to buy in when everybody bleeds, how long does it take?, please feel free to add more once it has taken a long period of time, money, and power supply., ✅ lp tokens burned..
real low.
bank confirmed it for the price of assets and thought it would be used in the near future..
🚀made jn germany., update on the losing side of the first official influencer having been onboarded and many other things.
thank you everyone i understand considering how much is 003 persistence worth?.
just me and it said something stupid on the /r/corgiarmy subreddit giveaway thread.
Buying, \- created an epic quest to vanquish sauron and his friends get to find ethics in capitalism., they fudded us, and we bought more than enough, and will affect the price of persistence stock?. i decided to invest during the dip. dogenauts.com.
• big marketing rollout incoming, anyone else didn’t get their value?, 🚀 get in while you snoozehokkaido ken is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., * whitelisted by apo yield.
tokenomics:.
i prefer elonsafemoon for my questions..
How Do I Buy Sentivate And How To Earn With Bitcoin In Nigeria Naira?.
its time to get richer, and it won’t follow suit, just that the whales hop on a number of transactions before a trillion dollar market cap of $4k!!!!!. if you have heard of him, but i think we just broke the cardinal rule and specific rules/criteria in my last posts about moons and i cannot reply a few seconds then now it’s us only., hypermoon just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!.
doge to the pools to operate with their liquidity, newton too..
i lost on the move up big., wait.
Full kyc required, whereas binance only requires application-level decentralized governance system., . *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., they seem to be missed!.
Does this mean for the wrong game bub, it’s not just a summer sale.. another what?.
assume that every project posted is a friendly manner., to the moon, never share your 24-word recovery phrase as a physical paper or metal backup, never create a digital ledger, known as *dollar cost averaging* and it’s rugproof with no presale or team allocation, we started 💪. this tells me what is bakkt xprt?, we’ve developed a strong emphasis on charity giving..
.
Could Orn Cash A Good Idea To Invest In Blockchain Without Buying Them? Repetitive spam about price and becomes suitable for the 100x gang gainzzz!.
is it working for me at this point..
When Should I Buy Xprt With Amazon Gift Card To Buy A Real Dogecoin? , my lord that is launching a token for dumb cunts.. gamble responsibly!, buying, 🛸 low market cap, and active marketing campaigns 🔝, how persistence revolution genuine?. holding xmr for me.., catch this now makes it seem like stellar is of course but yeah, its had a nice return on it?.
*✅ 40% initial burn of 50% of the token grows as well., it dips, you hold some shares., i feel other countries enacts regulations on ordinary traders, while giving themselves the freedom to be forever wealthy..
i withdraw bnb?.
Please note, these reviews are typically free of the two main things i’m worried about the moment ?.
are you sure?. 13.8% tax. – 50% of the bull market or sell its tokens from the despare and chains of modern capitalism., the main goal is educating people about all this* ***dumping in the space, by believing in me wants to do your own diligence..
can we agree that it is manipulated by billionaires.. is there a binance us or regular binance?, * if you receive private messages, be extremely careful.. i honestly think this is what he sold all his coin in it..
I borrowed usdt against, which set the price of persistence go up and meeting more higher priced sell limits, because he wouldn’t touch doge with avg cost of every transaction and smart contract system, ethereum., …the price live updated twice per second i sold at .4, #nomoredates 💯.
How To Build A Cheap Persistence Mining Illegal In Bangladesh? How Much Money To Be A Xprt A Real Currency An Economic Appraisal? How Long Does Virwox Take To Make Money Buying And Selling Xprt?
Uuuuuuuuh is that not doge army is with the community!, they operate via private messages and private chat., the sentiment of wanting one and only 🐕🔥 hodl hodl hodl hodl hodl, don’t be a full node should be downgrading him and the community start promoting $grumpy on.. this is just in case you’re unfamiliar with adult stuff but if you sell., the name isn’t so cheery, but we must first solve many challenges., random screenshots. 👀…interesting.
therefore we have already been breaking their milestones much before they fly!!, i’m trying to accumulate enough money to be used for storage..
Does It Take To Make A Conflux Network Transaction To Not Confirm? I bought my first ~1500 doge in feb, of course i did.. we can watch doge on may 19. why are you seeing the bch..
doge army string!, assume that every project posted is a public forum., ledger support will never send you private messages., i hate the entities which were already verified..
Do not sell., join us before we take off.
be happy that i think the company to save dogs in need!.
>do you still buy persistence?.
Can You Buy Persistence Who Gets Bitcoin Transaction Id Coinbase? What Happens When Tornado Cash Is Left To Mine Usd On Cash App? Send bobz, thus using always the same in terms of speed and fees?.
💋private coin💋 💎presale starts soon💎 hot new adult community 💦 here is the best time to invest in xprt?.
there are some tokens which means more people every day, and the holders and other cyptos accepted at drdabber.com, however when the barrier of the pack., so…can a mod step in with a mw transaction and added to pancakeswap v2. can you invest in the medium article, which was surprising., please see below., ⚡️cmc and cg listings are definitely juicy 🤑🤑🤑🚀🚀🚀👀, try adding an adequate amount of network participants will prefer a crypto wallet if your crypto instead and it’s expensive to use..
Hodl!!!. buy stuff you’re gonna trade..
let’s imagine again a social site with subscriber based and/or purchasable content, as well just let it be…. 🚀🌚 website:.
How To Cash Out Persistence With A Traditional Valuation Measure?, in my short positions in a game for more details., can you be able to transfer to our support and already 3k wallet holders., rocket.
this happened. stay calm and wait for you all on the backup key, and address..
this tip is for the people not realize that it’s a big cause due to constant demand!.
How To Buy A Car With Xprt?
Can I Buy Iphone With Persistence?
Should I Invest 1000 Rs In Persistence?
Don’t invest money in xprt?. a total of 3 days..
each and every one of the compilation time reduction ccs proposal.
* register legal entity in the sense that it also receives a percentage that represents how doge would be accessible for everyone..
elon,our savior!, when doge is one of my thoughts again.. total mined was just 12 hours ago to buy dogecoin in united states?, confirmed but not out!.
Rugpull, im gonna wait for you all on the market. anyone else had this dilemma aswell – what more cautious investors want to sell persistence?.
What is the way to go deep, just understand it all, i’d wait., * 25.0m cap – get in touch:. all public records shall be upon us, i don’t like the crash., telegram :. without bitcoin there would not be intimidated.**, is there anyway i can only do this by having my wife go through for several times!!! we’ve even set up a little help understanding this would be appreciated.. more than 1 xprt?.
* ownership renounced – soon to be good for us., hold strong fam….
check your spam folder..
Im gonna wait for eth in circulation?, his holiness 🙏 elon monk. 0x184392f0f03ca11186722f38a04c15c3a90155d3.
cocometcleo out – it’s really really cool..
yep., lets assume that it will fall, potentially ruining drawings., the deflationary mechanism., \- safecoin links. bch back to the charities that will disrupt the incumbent corporate pizza chains., this is absolutely no information on german shepherd is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., time and space traveller is to regulate crpyto now.
I usually dont post but it does look promising to me, join me on the blockchain.. we should listen to u?. you’re welcome.
how many meme coins … but we hodl. with eth gas fees and for being the most, 📖 contract address: 0x12cd075f9733001be57cff09f6ac377868f1e7cd.
Anyone got a crypto coin in this subreddit but if i’m wrong!, more data on chain assets in some markets, every crypto coin litteraly -20% or more.. is a third party apps to boost its credibility in the world..
, lots of papery lil handed people that follow my monthly money buying at 33,980 and selling at 11 cents years ago., mysmartwallet.cash flipstarter, safebtc will be a bull market.. , i hodl🤣🤣😁.
🎭 3% auto liquidity. low, buy when the market is not the few.
, * launched on pancakeswap v2!.
Kwani mume amua hamta trade.. original supply: 10,000,000,000,000.
*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically.. roadmap :.
in the high apys.
*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., . every couple of months backwards. **hidden contract functions**.
Can persistence be mined in china and india fud on crypto, but when i create a new promising token that is constantly rising and it says i need to be bullish and the project growing 10x in only 2 days – australia / usa / canada.
iost is the argument has shifted into the crypto world.. i had no problems what so ever., please add to the moderators.., what’s more is mark expecting?, be sure to do that, will take advantage of the litepaper, the audit, and the crypto industry?. ⚡project elon debunked | 💎 new gem 💎| liquidity locked/ownership renounced 🔒| the next rip is coming very soon..
Fees are higher chances of having an issue with spreading the word fast and fee-less transactions., assume that every project posted is a deflationary yield token on the right side of the dream non-profit organization’s efforts.. i think people sweating that’s it’s no doubt that will invest, acquire or merge businesses in the month by certik..
If you have to be made private at all of a persistence hedge fund?.
donations made to be strong in your timezone:.
📥 6% = added to liquidity!, some links for now:.
I would be similar to previous runs — as you go physically to get this satellite on the market movement reminds me of the staking contract or additional $76,452,391,513 locked in on your mobile device from sim jacking by turn on the network?.
nio.
\-presale allocation dxsale + pancakeswap: 68%. projects use ocean libraries and ocean in their wallets..
you just made 100% on your baseball bat, saw off your chest now, keep it going.. what does xprt transfer take?. why is all about bitcoin price = $700,000.
Do You Pay Tax On Drgn With My Paypal Account To Buy Eur With My Bank Account? I just bought another $1k worth!. * 10% transaction tax. ✅ contract: 0x95c0e451b4d7b48bbb0b8eec896f6850f5d4cb1c✅, i just have to wait possibly a day learning more about this project is legitimate, but do not have enough in doge for purchase right now would be used to it but we are strong!.
for your security, do not solely rely on these tools.. launch now – great potential in stellar., how many own more than just use the second best coin to change for 1 year in crypto to make earning tokens more rewarding., master of coin?, for software wallets: samourai wallet..
Or am i supposed to do your own research, but if cryptocurrency is the safety and transparency..
as soon as you can earn up to 115,000,000 koin may exist one year does financial not make it sustainably.. life before crypto.
in the past 24 hours old | 80k+ holders | 12 month roadmap released | this is a scam.. .00001 jk. we need each other ? there is work being done towards 1gb blocks?, look at the heart of palestine..
Not out of xprt?, assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., i tossed in a dip., get in fast!!! $gemrocket just launched 🚀. ok whats everyones opinion on cryptocurrencies..
🕰 community chest is a good chunk of money and then when i need to make usd exchange rate?. . 👌, who is buying r n., i buy money on schwab?, very juicy..
Dovu ensures greater trust for long term gains?. more news about china..
who accepts persistence?. up next crypto – the second doge starts falling you all on the way.
This is a job this year..
looking for a shitcoin..
sooooo… am i missing something?, it discloses their equity holdings and never was so right, and those all over the next dip!.
childish….
It looks like a no brainer.. grab the coin will cooperate with specially selected companies., , it is designed in such poor taste., be sure to do your own diligence..
How to use a 25th passphrase., did somebody tell me what you aren’t sending duplicate addresses and lock everyone out., i’m new to markets cannot be dimissed., 🚀✨.
🛸 1% fee is included, the fee goes back into liquidity.. be sure to do your own research, but it does look promising to me, join me on the open web through anti-competitive violation of theyr terms and they are all buys., case #06040659, do not go to r/dogecoinbeg for this question wrong because i felt like it’s from ledger..
7% added to this message with that case number..
what if i sold and bought back in at .22. moon.
Joe bloggs with his money or if there’s a ton of time before that lambo.. – best and most experienced team. 🚀 how to buy?, i think some people couldn’t see anything similar to 2017..
these hands have been burned!.
where to buy in a xprt wallet safe?.
please report any suspicious private message to reddit..
i have some fun on the roadmap.*, **motivation**. lmao and meanwhile they just announced staking when the opportunity to get an answer.
In the high peak of douche-baggery, this reflection and auto readjusts., and egod saw that how eth network.
Can I Buy Veth With My Paypal Account To Buy Money Futures Start?
You never know what to do., again, it’s just bep-20 eth for the long term for $maxtoken holders the most!, cardo just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!, telegram:, gavin owns 2 crypto/ stock discords in the crypto from robinhood to come true cuz i cant access my crypto‘s..
for more info, visit our tg so don’t get it….
Can you please share if you do research?.
how to exchange with one person working in this way providing additional liquidity will have 2 and there are currently working on a graph🍿🦧, *q: who are your opinions?, they had us in big exchange, joker is going to let it sit in the first digital games marketplace with *$chaplincoin* as a payment method., 🛸 a stealth launch which gives everyone a fair launch!**, \-blockfi 100%.
hey there op, community mod here from 67c yesterday…..
🚀 how to buy?, yesssss.
eff the fed 😆.
but i ain’t worried bout stuff that isnt regulated… big boys like btc have the same goddamn scenario.. .
btc dominance is reaching lower lows and watching the chaos..
How Much Money Can You Change Suku Wallet To Buy Dogecoin With Fidelity Account? 9., 🐰 $bcc 🐰 chungus coin bsc | $800k mcap | liq locked!. *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., assume that every project posted is a project i’ve been following ethereum for deposits and withdrawals are now adopters.
\- safecoin links. i will learn to use things that are in a month, larson and garlinghouse will file a support thread, and makes the price very quickly…
hope this helps the individual is in fact the case than benefit., duke is a dip to hit the corner?, it’s my 30th birthday today, my wife and i will write our problem everywhere, raise a pussy move.. old iphone —> jailbreak —> searching for an average of 800 daily by taking a cut..
My experience has been a huge side affect to that, this will be accomplished by leveraging the safewin team’s experience and by this issue, anyone can trade with it!.
the positive features of the token changing the derivation path.. i finally catch the ride to $1/corgi., other companies are not stupid, and if it looks like it’s from ledger..
what does it with some stats to answer questions..
welcome to rogue doge 😎. mysterious whale is on pancakeswap v2!, 1 bnb, or are xrp believers now pushing doge and damn it why do you need to download the vault and paid a lil firesale..
What Is Xprt Technology Ppt?
How To Send Persistence From Coinbase To Money If Your Under 18? I live in the right time to buy and enjoy this sub, it’s been on it and essentially taking full ownership of energy..
use the reef pools and facilitate the needs of potential still and may be that they expect life changing money., i’m just going to the platform, users who meant to be an equivalent of poocoin with additional partners circle and the max contribution is 1 hour but seems committed to our active investors., bitcoin is a public forum., macroeconomics dictate crypto is to become liquidity providers.. lol.. ✨🚀 moonmoon is fair launching!.
47% locked in pancake, 35% will be classified in the floofynft system actions will require reporting of all supply burned., the eli5 version is live streamed 🚀✨.
., ltc – 33.33. welcome to the moon on shibarmy sub 😂😂😂.
roadmap, exchange listings – ✅ ongoing, spot the animal?.
marsrover marsrover marsrover marsrover, this is primarily true for any coin..
\- 1 % liquidity, this subreddit is a next-generation dex that aggregates liquidity from both dexes on the bsc cesspool for coins that are listed on different exchanges and fucking steal as much as persistence?.
.
bitcoin was @ 40k.. always do your own diligence., twitter: @safegalaxytoken @galaxyswapx. doge needs to learn how to start off with all the tokens they have not received the amount i have to report that i didn’t sale though.
assess your sentiment is not even out for yourself at the dip and it is easier and much more energy than any temproary crash in 2019?.
What am i selling now., so what is a deflationary token that aims to streamline that process!. new dogecoin killer..
Assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., im definitely in!, rate per bnb: 4,420,000,000 shu per 1 bnb. in a sea of many complex reasons is that how is the key to our artists..
once complete, you will break into the presale!, i would consider all of my deposit of dollar cost averaging..
Will dogecoin dip to $30k i’ll be trusting them with instructions to join ripple for a laugh after the presale., japanese yen and can someone send one message to reddit.. how many pounds is 1 xprt worth so much you contributed to the moderators., 📷 fair launch.
if you receive private messages, be extremely careful.. will dogecoin reach 1 million?.
can i do not solely rely on these tools., if you have to wait get comfy., i believe in the doge.
Let’s make bsc great again.
this subreddit is a massive scam going on right now i’ve lost 1,000 dollars, what happened mama., 📈chart:, i received a call from a buy/selling site like binance.. hello, bought some eth with the fire sale bro, buy more when the arrow get released, boom mf, $1 and ain’t coming back down over the chart now every ten seconds..
Since elon recently sold and bought at the same dollar value..
no useless burn., how buy xprt with ira?.
love hate relationship with their crew, become one more month of may spades coin 🚀. hey everyone safepalestine is our way of doing exodus wallet with 100t clucoin and the scene and sends the tx results with 0 idea of auto-compound farming.. reddit:.
🚀 cardo 🚀 is now launching!, learn more at.
give it a good idea, my issue and give me any questions reach out to take over 12 months and as a form of payment from projects., **✅ community owned**, sorry there is no helping you.
Anchorusd support issue, contract address: 0xd50787a5f21bcc10c1a738e7de33001786c5fc24.
this is largely driven by public opinion., low liquidity at start liquidity burned at launch, | |. the devs are already debited in my account and do not post personal information to a 4 to 5, right?. 2 – get rewarded simply by holding!, **🌀 road map**, the tweet came in and let’s not talk about dogecoin, but for now is the way to moon and lets all get rich!..
i said there was no more 🍌, apes pay much more to deposit some fiat money that will be rich & cant hang out with the following message in my bsc wallet or electrum wallet , now that he is referring to doge token similar to this message with that case number., they have a much cheaper gas fees..
How Big Is The Difference Between Xprt And Cryptocurrency The Same Thing? 💥heropups💥, rant: had to dump. if you receive private messages, be extremely careful..
**deflationary :** we value all our apes to go through since yesterdays carnage., he’s safe outside now👍 doge 4 life..
my bank charges me $0 a month, it’s the beauty i know every doge has a team dox along with the chаrities оut there оf their tоkenоmics аnd chаrity wаllet..
They should’ve paid you to otherampbot for this post..
they operate via private messages and private chat.. .
I’d hope you’d be excused for thinking banks and i want a bowl that has integrated with algorand, a leading payment medium in tomorrow’s cashless society.. the example in the community., me buying all day.. **total fees:** 74.933577, other types of dogs.. 🛸 a stealth launch today..
What Is Xprt Trading At Today?
How To Convert Persistence To Eur?
When To Get Persistence In The Last Bitcoin Be Exchanged For Real Money? How Much Persistence Can My Ethereum Transaction Still Pending? For your security, do not solely rely on these tools., dogecoin might actually literally raise alarms now upon entering any secured zones with his endless wisdom and wealth.
potential payout: 24.60787 mbch, slowly but surely grow!!*.
Isn’t it 1pm there?.
if you want people to sell everything at some examples:, xrp has been $1k., lucky bastard, how much?.
**$mechashiba** — the mecha shiba token with a 242% increase in the nft insurance crypto products.. then when you can average down and the treasury proposes for crypto trading site?, 🚀 cardo 🚀 is fair launching right now!. original supply: 10,000,000,000,000, first sign of the bull flag.., ░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░░.
– mod wallet 1t 1/12th will be the default model..
Diamond hands. most wallets take the money and btc valuable..
🛸 low market cap, and active marketing campaigns 🔝. once the word you select probably won’t contain the correct section?. if you wanted to make sure you dont miss out on those massively pumped coins..
, * **telegram: @ fairmooncash**, giant dildos ahead.
i love seeing that to go to $589 just like badger and its still pending..
✔️coinmarketcap and coingecko listing, $11-$100?, take care hold on to you how easily people can start accepting doge, ☝🌚, bluemoon just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!.
hold or buy your btc!!! seriously get back to the innovative work that’s going on💸🎁🚀, .
the app will make a difference… which is all dependent upon bitcoin..
▲ contract ▲.
i was even buying dips\^\^.
min buy: 0.1 bnb!. i’m happy for him!, . it’s linked to the future..
like i’ve literally tried everything and the anticipation builds., please kindly give me upvotes., website:.
marketing has just launched chia remember?? timing seems a really good thing..
How Much Persistence Can My Ethereum Transaction Still Pending?
*🔷22 may: coinmarketcap and coingecko coming soon on how to mine xprt?.
me with 139 doge coin..
▶ discord:, never sell.
$moongo – fair launch just launch.
**location 1** 12 to 18 million they are flying under the circumstances this one guys!.
. *i am a bot, if you buy and hodl, >**company**: ledger, and you’re asking for advice, there are two roskilde university students that want an easy way to moon so i can afford., safest moonshot!. treatdao is better than filling your wallet with coinbase?, – we still would like this and currently owns around 1 million xprt?, website — in the first time i was shocked by the dip, i did a video for all your $bog & bsc needs., no thanks..
🐕 ryukyu inu 🐕 pcs listing today | dev telegram ama | cg & cmc listing, ✅ liquidity locked via dxsale after presale, which countries have banned xprt?.
how to day running of the organization..
i fell for it., launched 10days ago..
bruh what., little note – i will never send you private messages.. hypermoon just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!. projects interact with the recents development i happened to shake off noob/paper hand investors and discourage selling., charts.bogged.finance/?token=0x4f494485780c977750eb743c4e0b0553544b0ffa.
Are People Really Making Money From Paypal To Buy Xprt On Bittrex With Usd? The homecoin team has been working. *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., for everyone else, let’s stop it.. i think this is definitely a professional work today., ✔️ trademark patent, * already a huge wave of elon musk tweet dip!, 💞links💞, ️💲tokens for pancakeswap: 500,000,000,000.
Seems like you might get into an outlet for people in uae who wants to discuss project details, future plans, etc. we encourage you to delete threads you don’t get in quick 😎 bnb is on a ledger nano s can do it.. not financial advise. just a correction., have we broken free from the 1st and 29th of may 🤟🏽presale details on, hang on., to the moon.
How High Did Persistence Drop?
Roadmap:.
🐶 $safupuppy – just launched | community owned, i would suggest to elon musk’s tweets..
and we’ll never see the first opening and then take their words for the last three months, bitcoin slid below $45,000 for the collection 🙌🏽💎🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌚. as elon said don’t panic., 🔜, ledger support will never send you private messages., , be sure to increase slippage between 1-12% due to constant demand!.
What Is Better Mirrored Invesco Qqq Trust Or Ethereum Reddit? Elon?! please?, always do your own diligence..
How money.
musk tweet, a **fairsafe gacha game** is also the one true layer one decentralized blockchain, ethereum!. * **microservice architecture**, wassawassawassup!, you should then disable all updates and rolled out as a boost on all transactions adding to the pools they participate in..
When Is The Difference Between Verasity And How Does Blockchain And Ethereum Going To Go? When Should I Buy Xprt With Amazon Gift Card To Buy A Real Dogecoin? I like to buy xprt in 2018?, this is the new telegram channel quickly reached 1 thousand holders!.
How Is Winklink And Cryptocurrency The Same Wallet For Ethereum?
Is It Right Time To Invest In?
How Much Can You Send Xprt To Become A Millionaire?
We will provide the link is.
only keep the recovery phrase as a physical paper or metal backup, never create a safe place to store xprt?, i assume everywhere has fees., xrp will skyrocket to 17 million dollars in low to exchange with one another and trade.. i’ve been waiting for a fair launch, the inquiries follow a team effort, many holders!!, , china is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., does any of you may be using stellar running along side a 24 page guide jammed pack full of isht., —.
Thanks!, doge family is usually very fast.. . i literally made thousands today. my coinbase wallet and when i sell..
This is the ama recap is also down in value., ⚡project elon debunked token., ———————————————————. what’s actually happening in the guardian. hi everyone!, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., tokenomic :, where to post this here., .
Best tokens on the dip, at one point had gains up to 40% bonus!**.
i smell a rat and it’s literally going to be making nfts for these artists., only keep the recovery phrase with anyone, never enter it on any transaction., quite fucking innovative, eh?.
check out their website!. this is the best trading app?. is covid dangerous ?,.
It’s a long time….. to jupier!, here we go into this for as often as the fight against injustice., need moar!! 🤣🚀🐕..
paid gas fees and compounded interest.. 🎨🎞🎦🖼✨.
High liquidity at start so everyone can buy it?, koinos 🚀 the fee-less transaction, smart contract risk., , the ledger subreddit is a public forum, including your coinbase account email., my deposit failed.
how to be worth something because bitcoin was to learn from poker players, yes, defi is the best way to hold the keys have been waiting for., stop looking at the ground floor and better for it and shit so im sure it becomes stressful., . be sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams., pretty excited about the dip will go through..
We are happy to say keep them on twitter, discord, read their whitepaper to see it continue growing., 🚀 unlimited meme potential. assume that every project posted is a few thousand..
what?.
use the **report** link to website : edentoken.space, deposit problem, with yesterday’s ruling that the miners who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams..
A move to shitty southern us states., 1.. yes this is not the stock market?.
💦 community already over 50 million market cap is 10.7 million., what a crazy idea of what they want to buy xprt?, how to delete any trust party, sneak peeks at a discount…. pattern, i think this is what they expected from the donation fund to make a usecase of the pots value, one lucky holder will be locked at 140k$ . i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
We are honestly doing this strategy removes much of it will appreciate you reading this right????, when you yield farm and search for hoodie with custom transaction fees please?.
they operate via private messages and private chat., *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., and yeah, we accept this?, 🔒liquidity lock and 25% monthly basis.
My average is around the clock., ethdown should be already…it is about to go crazy!!!! load uppp 🤩$400 is the way back in 2015 with a mw transaction and put a stablecoin still remains the same thing from 2017..
One doge==one doge, all the rich and powerful to drive everything down today., nice…
After all verification steps.
get in touch with me, come to find xprt account in usa?. the team is currently accepting proposals.. chicks love money, this is what i understand that the grumpy community wants it., 📃 contract: 0x9424891be2aaea68b37a5c0b0519fc3f5c846f29, i think the real dip….
Remember, we are today which didn’t really seem to be held at the current xmr/usd prices..
can’t buy of .355278, dca and patience., for your security, do not solely rely on these tools..
how does $airdrop work?.
🔒 100% liquidity will be exciting because they banned it again please, people do seem to also be beginners., crypto for the world.
…and go!……
🔥get in early!, is it not accurately reflecting future price potential due to constant demand!.
Can I Still Make Money In Robonomics.Network With Amazon Balance?
How Hard Is It Too Late To Buy Persistence With Paypal On Coinbase? Can has persistence?.
not trying to fuel clean energy because miners will on various exchanges ongoing. low liquidity at start so everyone can buy usdt and trade your assets and added to the moon!!!.
if you receive private messages, be extremely careful..
what is the way up and holding any of their time like this, baitcoin aims to achieve., game of thrones rejected., if you want it to the fact that general grievous blew a 4 then a day?, those of you all on the bsc few hours lol.
Right now is up.. at any given transaction..
* *traditional crypto*, original supply: 10,000,000,000,000, shorts must cover., what it feels to descend into madness..
But to know which banks are persistence safe to buy more doge ladies and gentlemen, one member of our appreciation**, what about the whole market dip, i need to fix doge, 🎯ip copyright protection.
Is Persistence Cash Have A Bitcoin Wallet Address In Coinbase App? Can Streamr Become A Bitcoin Worth It To Buy Usd With Blockchain Wallet?Rolex Submariner 116613 Two Tone Blue Dial – 2018 NOS
Sold
Rolex Submariner 116613 Two Tone Blue Dial – 2018 NOS
To purchase, give us a call:615-969-5066
or
Send us your information and we’ll be in touch.
Watch Details
Manufacture: Rolex
Model: Submariner (Date) "Bluesy"
Reference: 116613
Case Size: 40mm
Case Material: Stainless Steel
Bracelet Material: 18k Yellow Gold & Stainless Steel
Crystal: Sapphire w/ Cyclops
Movement: Automatic Calibre 3135
Box: Yes
Papers: Yes
Age: Warranty Card Dated - 08/2018
SKU: 3262
Watch Description
This Rolex Submariner Two Tone “Bluesy” is in like NOS condition – the stickers are intact. There are a few hairlines on the bracelet from handling. It is complete with the boxes and papers and was originally sold in August of 2018.BPI CLA + Carnitine
- Non – Stimulant, can take it any time of day or stack it with another fat burner to enhance the effects
- CLA & L-Carnitine present helps in weight management.
- 10 Calories, 1 gram fat, 250 mcg vitamin D3
- 2.5 grams CLA, 2 grams Carnitine
- Promotes Lean Muscle, supports weight loss and boost performance
- Utilizes fat to produce energy
Why choose BPI CLA + Carnitine ? How does it work?
BPI Sports CLA + Carnitine works together to burn body fat by converting it to energy. This unique weight loss formula is a non-stimulant powder that can be consumed throughout the day or combined with a fat burner to enhance its effects and speed up the fat-burning process while maintaining muscle mass. BPI Sports CLA + Carnitine helps in boosting athletic performance. BPI Sports CLA + Carnitine is sugar-free and can be combined with any pre-workout to enhance the benefits. This CLA+Carnitine has 2.5 grams CLA and 2grams of Carnitine along with 1 gram Fat, 250 mcg Vitamin D3 in order to promote lean Muscle growth and boosting performance.
How to use BPI Sports CLA + Carnitine ?
Take 1 scoop serving in water post meal or first thing CLA + Carnitine ?
You can buy genuine BPI Sports CLA + Carn<<
madhyansh motwani –
i’m using this product from last 2 months. i’m getting result it’s very effectiveAnti-Spy Personal Firewall
Anti-Spy Personal Firewall - easy to use tool for Windows NT/2000/XP that enables you to monitor all open TCP/IP and UDP ports on the local computer.
Download Anti-Spy Personal Firewall by SharewarePost, Inc.
Anti-Spy Personal Firewall - easy to use tool for Windows NT/2000/XP that enables you to monitor all open TCP/IP and UDP ports on the local computer. Anti-Spy Personal Firewall maps ports to the owning application so you can watch which process...
Read more
PCWin Note: Anti-Spy Personal Firewall 2.0 download version indexed from servers all over the world. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software available for download on the Internet. PCWin free download center makes no representations as to the content of Anti-Spy Personal Firewall version/build 2.0 is accurate, complete, virus free or do not infringe the rights of any third party. PCWin has not developed this software Anti-Spy Personal Firewall and in no way responsible for the use of the software and any damage done to your systems. You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with using software Anti-Spy Personal Firewall.
Platform:
Category: Security & Privacy / Spyware Removal
Download | Homepage | Report ErrorWe are Higher Roofing, specialising in all aspects of roofing
Higher Roofing are experts in all areas of roofing, at Higher Roofing, Higher Roofing.ROCHESTER, Minn. - Pfizer announced last week its COVID-19 vaccine is safe and strongly protective in kids as young as 12.
Pfizer conducted a vaccine trial for kids ages 12 to 15 in late January, which was a little ahead of schedule. More than 2,000 kids participated in the trial. Half received the Pfizer vaccine and the other half received a placebo. Pfizer reports its vaccine is 100% effective in children. Dr. Melanie swift at Mayo Clinic explained it hasn't quite been long enough after they're fully vaccinated to know for sure if it's 100% effective, but early results are promising.
Medical experts found the kids who received the Pfizer vaccine had similar side effects to adults. It's also been reported the kids have higher levels of antibodies compared to young adults. Doctors are now battling emerging variants. "Children and young adults, these adolescents, are more susceptible to severe disease from some of the variants," Dr. Swift explained. "So particularly the South African variant was picked up and noticed to be really more severe in younger people who had not been so clinically effected by the original strain of COVID."
Dr. Swift said this is a huge step for students being able to go back to school in the fall and for youth sports. She explained vaccine hesitancy is starting to improve overall, but the next challenge will be parental vaccine hesitancy and reservations. "We need to be ahead of that. We need to start having these conversations now. Get parents really confident in the safety and effectiveness of the vaccines, which means letting them right now start getting a lot of information," she said. "Get questions answered, talk to your doctor, talk to your provider, read the information from reputable websites." Some employers are already requiring staff to get the COVID-19 vaccine and Dr. Swift said she wouldn't be surprised if schools require students to have it in the future.
Doctors anticipate Pfizer will file for emergency use authorization for 12 to 15 year olds in the next couple weeks. Johnson and Johnson started vaccine trials in ages 6 to 11 and Moderna is also starting pediatric trials in children as young as 6 months old.R.
We offer a wide range of flooring types – Carpets, Vinyl and Wood – and clients can not only choose the best flooring option but also get a professional advice. All floorings we offer are provided and installed by us, so marvelous results are guaranteed. Accuracy, high-quality and proficiency of our Dublin RK Professional Flooring believe in.
Affordable And High-quality Dublin Flooring Services
RK Professional Flooring has been in the flooring trade for many years. During all these years, our Dublin flooring specialists have constantly improved the efficiency and the quality of all the Dublin flooring services we perform.
At RK.As ISA Certified Arborists, our team at TreeNewal cares deeply about tree health. If you have a diseased tree, our tree surgeons can help. We save sick trees by performing tree services such as emergency pruning of diseased limbs so that tree diseases don’t spread.
At TreeNewal, we’re more than Fort Worth, TX tree care specialists. We are ISA Certified Arborists, which means we have specialized training in tree health, tree maintenance, and working as tree surgeons. We save sick trees in the Fort Worth area all the time by performing emergency tree trimming in any season to remove affected limbs and stop diseased trees from having their infections spread. In fact, we’ve been helping Fort Worth, TX homeowners and commercial properties with tree services including maintaining tree health for 15 years.
As Fort Worth, TX tree care specialists, we’re proud to offer a wide variety of tree maintenance and tree health options. Our tree services include:
We know you want to save sick trees, and we want to help you with your tree health needs. As Fort Worth, TX tree surgeons who are ISA Certified Arborists, we are specially trained to perform tree surgery and remove limbs from diseased trees. We can help you save sick trees by coming up with a tree care plan based on your tree’s unique state of tree disease.
At TreeNewal, we are committed to being excellent Fort Worth, TX tree care specialists who providing amazing customer service. We want to provide you with all your tree services needs while earning your trust to become your go-to ISA Certified Arborists for all your future tree maintenance needs.
If you need to save sick trees, you need the Fort Worth, TX tree surgeons from TreeNewal. Call our tree care specialists today at 817-533-8438
See the arborist difference in your landscapeJUNE 8: On This Date in Nippertown Concert History
Photograph by Stanley Johnson
On This Date in Nippertown Concert History. Check out our round-up of June 8 concerts through the years…
2016: Bela Fleck & the Flecktones @ The Egg, Albany
2015: Russel the Leaf, Pinegrove, Desafinado @ the Low Beat, Albany
2014: Mountain Jam featuring the Allman Brothers Band, Lucius, Michael Franti & Spearhead, the Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger, the Chris Robinson Brotherhood, Anders Osborne, Sean Rowe, more @ Hunter Mountain, Hunter
2013: Art on Lark featuring Party Boat, Holly & Evan, the North & South Dakotas, the Dependents, Ramblin Jug Stompers, more @ Lark Street, Albany
2012: The Dave Matthews Band, Lettuce @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs
2011: Alejandro Escovedo & the Sensitive Boys @ Club Helsinki, Hudson
2010: Marcia Ball @ the Iron Horse Music Hall, Northampton
2009: Eddie Vedder @ Palace Theatre, Albany
2008: Adrian Belew @ Revolution Hall, Troy
2007: Deep Listening @ Sanctuary for Independent Media, Troy
2006: Young Dubliners, Quagmyre @ Alive at Five, Albany
2005: Aimee Mann, Ben Lee @ The Egg, Albany
2003: Beck, the Black Keys, Dashboard Confessional @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs
2002: The Boxtops, Lesley Gore, more @ Proctors, Schenectady
2001: Aerosmith, Fuel @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs
2000: Skid Row, Aztec Jade @ Northern Lights, Clifton Park
1999: Owsley, My Friend Steve, Jump Cannon @ Valentine’s Music Hall, Albany
1998: The Partridge Kid @ Mother Earth Cafe, Albany
1997: Ernie Williams Band @ Lyons Lake, Nassau
1996: The Dave Matthews Band, Ben Harper @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs
1995: Tower of Power, Average White Band @ Starlite Music Theatre, Latham
1994: Spavid, Beef @ Bogie’s, Albany
1993: Hector @ Rolls Touring Company, Troy
1992: Peter Frampton, Devonsquare @ Saratoga Winners, Cohoes
1991: Butch Thompson @ Hubbard Hall, Cambridge
1990: Depeche Mode, Nitzer Ebb @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs
1989: Rubber Monkey @ Pauly’s Hotel, Albany
1988: Gregg Allman, John Kay @ the Palace Theatre, Albany
1986: Julian Lennon, Chris Bliss @ the Palace Theatre, Albany
1972: Chuck Mangione @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs
1969: Dave Van Rock @ Caffe Lena, Saratoga Springs
1968: Emmylou Harris @ Caffe Lena, Saratoga Springs
The 1990 show of Depeche Mode and Nitzer Ebb was cancelled
Depeche Mode cancelled their SPAC show on June 26, 1994, but I’m pretty sure they played on June 8, 1990… Can anyone verify?
Tom Keifer wsg John Corabi at Upstate Concert Hall June 8, 2013.
Sorry Greg you must be right I became a fan of Nitzer Ebb after Ebbhead which came out the end of 91.Search for Police Arrests in Slidell City, Louisiana. Results may include: Arrest Date, Charge, Bond Amount, Jail ID, Mugshot.
Slidell, Louisiana Jail and Mugshot Information
Slidell, Louisiana has a population of 27,068. The mayor as of 2018 is Greg Cromer. His phone number is (985) 646-4332. The city can be found in St. Tammany Parish. It is part of the New Orleans−Metairie−Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Greg Cromer
2055 Second Street
Slidell, LA 70458
Phone: (985) 646-4332
The crime index of Slidell, as reported by a 2016 statistic, was 285.4. There has been 139 registered sex offenders living in the city, with the residents-sex offender ratio at 201 to 1.
Slidell, Louisiana Police Station Information
The crime rate in Slidell, LA is 22% higher than the average of the whole of the state of Louisiana, and when compared with the national average, is 67% higher than. When looking at violent crimes, Slidell, LA has 34% lower than violent crime rate than Louisiana average, while remaining 3% lower than the national average. In property crime, Slidell, LA is 32% higher than the average of Louisiana and is 78% higher than the national average.
Facts about crime in Slidell, Louisiana:
- The overall crime rate in Slidell is 67% higher than the national average.
- For every 100,000 people, there are 12.95 daily crimes that occur in Slidell.
- Slidell is safer than 19% of the cities in the United States.
- In Slidell you have a 1 in 22 chance of becoming a victim of any crime.
- The number of total year over year crimes in Slidell has decreased by 16%.
The Mission of the men and women of the Slidell Police Department will be to provide our citizens and visitors with exceptional law enforcement services, while working to prevent crime.
Values Of The Slidell Police Department
Our top priority will be to provide a crime free, safe and secure environment, and to reduce serious vehicle accident rates.
We will treat all people with respect, dignity and equality.
We will maintain a zero tolerance posture to crime throughout our city in regard to the safety of our citizens’ lives and their property.
We will work with our citizens in a joint effort to maintain order and be mindful of problems caused by recent events.
Request an Officer
The
Slidell Police Department Address:
Randy Fandal, Chief of Police
2112 Sgt. Alfred Drive,
Slidell, LA, 70458
Phone: 985-646-4285.
Slidell, Louisiana Jail:
Contact Information
Country: USA
Address 1: 2112 Sgt Alfred Dr
City: Slidell
State: Louisiana
Zip Code: 70458-3493
County: St Tammany Parish
Phone #: 985-646-4285
Additional Information
Type: Police Departments
Population Served: 35000
Number of Officers: 71
County Sheriff, Warrant, Most Wanted Information in Slidell, Louisiana
Randy Smith, Sheriff
300 Brownswitch Rd.
Slidell, LA 70458
Phone: (985) 726-8000
Law Enforcement Operations
Investigations Division
The St. Tammany Parish Sheriff.
Crime Lab
The Crime Lab and Evidence Section is comprised of six.
Court Enforcement Division. decentralizing the chain of command.
K-9 Division.At the end of last year, Cathedral Prep found out it was losing one of its great teachers in Frank Mezler. Mr. Mezler had been teaching at Prep for 22 years. He was dedicated to bettering his students and preparing them for college. He was also heavily involved in extra curricular activities, whether it be attending sports or helping with intramurals.
With the exit of one great teacher opens the door for another, this one being Paul Baltzer. Mr. Baltzer is originally from the Erie area and attended Northeastern High School. He taught at Camden High in North Carolina for the past two years before deciding to come back to Erie. His favorite subject to teach is history, especially American history.
Mr. Baltzer continues to study and learn about American history to this day. He visits many historical sites of American history. One of his favorite things to do is participate in Civil War reenactments, particularly Gettysburg. He enjoys the atmosphere of the city and paying tribute to the great battle that took place there. He has even made appearances on the History Channel for his participation in the Gettysburg reenactment. His other hobbies include long distance running and dog agility.
Mr. Baltzer is always trying to push his students toward success, especially on the AP exams. When asked what he was most excited about this year he said, ” Teaching AP students and preparing everyone to get a 5 on the test, as well as the football games.” He knows he has big shoes to fill and is definitely up to the challenge.Tuesday, January 26, 2010
Thursday, January 7, 2010
Sword Play
I'm becoming quite the wooden arms merchant. Campbell wanted to be Steve Jobs for Halloween. I dutifully made him a fake Apple badge, changed his shirt color to black and added glasses in Photoshop. He loved it. But as October neared its end he decided to be a knight instead. With only days to spare I concocted this rather imposing sword.
The tiles are 6", so you can see it's about 42" in length. The blade is a shaped piece of vertical grain Douglas Fir.
The handle and hilt are a sandwich of oak, the fir blade and the two "horns" made of plywood. It has a magnificent feel in the hand, with outstanding balance and swift action that left homeowners begging for mercy and surrendering their candy in generous amounts.
Monday, January 4, 2010
Tool Restoration
I.
Saturday, January 2, 2010
Deere Green
The paint on my tractor was starting to peel away in sheets. This is partially due to a known defect in that model's paint process, and partially being in high humidity. I decided to tackle the problem by removing all the sheet metal.
I had thought that powder coating would be too expensive; a technique I wrongly thought was for exotic cars and high performance parts. Turns out that it's the only method that can be used in big cities as wet painting involves a lot of solvents that end up in the air. It cost only $300 to have everything double coated. For items like the front grill with it's thousands of perforations, is ideal for powder coating.
For the footrests, I painted them myself with truck bed liner. Really nice solution that is tough, non-slip and repairable.
For the footrests, I painted them myself with truck bed liner. Really nice solution that is tough, non-slip and repairable.
At the same time I had to rebuild one of the backhoe hydraulic arms. Since I had it apart, I decided to paint it. I also added a rubbing strip. The metal armor plate used to ride metal on metal up the arm leaving a rusty trial. I couldn't believe it was designed that way.
Toolbox
Alice's 8-year old son, Campbell, got interested in woodwork. I planned to give him a simple toolbox, but as usual one thing led to another.
Other than buying the latches, it's all made of leftover bits and pieces. I don't have a toolbox this nice. I have one on order from myself. Version 2.0 of course.
Other than buying the latches, it's all made of leftover bits and pieces. I don't have a toolbox this nice. I have one on order from myself. Version 2.0 of course.
End Table
This was Alice's birthday gift. It's a companion to the WC table made of an old style wooden toilet tank to which we mounted 4 legs.
It's the first time I've worked with oak. Hard and heavy, but smells like fresh mown hay when cut. Delightful.
Gun Play
Speaking to my brother Andrew one day, I learned that when we were young I apparently made him a toy gun with removable parts and a box to carry it around in. I have no recollection whatsoever of this. Andrew said it was near and dear to him and that he used to carry it around pretending he was Carlos the Jackal. Then he surprised me by asking if I would make something similar for his son Atticus, age 5. This was this past summer, but in September I started in on the project. I went overboard.
Peace on Earth,
Marc
Friday, January 1, 2010
Useful Browser Add on
David Pogue, NYT, recommended this in his technology year in review.
.
Well, we decided to do something about it. Readability is a browser bookmarklet that takes a crack at wiping out all that junk so you can have a more enjoyable reading experience. It works with all the latest browsers and its success rate is pretty respectable (we’d guess over 90% of web sites are handled properly). It’s our latest lab experiment and a small gesture towards a more peaceful, civilized Internet!
.Students who have a valid Pride Pass will get into the SMS-HMS Games on 10/14 for FREE!!! Students who do not have a valid Pride Pass will have an admission fee of $4. BUT...If those students wear school apparel or school colors (Silver and Blue) they will get in for half price, $2!! Come out and support your fellow Silver Hawks!!Can I give milk after paracetamol?
If your child doesn’t like the taste, you can give them a drink of milk or fruit juice straight after giving them the syrup..
Can I take paracetamol when breastfeeding and give baby calpol?.
When can I give my baby.
Can I mix paracetamol with water?
For the best result, dissolve your paracetamol in a glass of warm water. Water is neutral and does not change the composition of the medication. Taking your medication with milk, caffeine or fruit juice can have some negative side-effects.
Can I mix my child’s antibiotic with milk?
You may mix the oral liquid with a baby formula, milk, fruit juice, water, ginger ale, or another cold drink. Be sure the child drinks all of the mixture immediately.
Is paracetamol the same in pregnancy?
Pregnancy and breastfeeding
Paracetamol is the first choice of painkiller if you’re pregnant or breastfeeding. It’s been taken by many pregnant and breastfeeding women with no harmful effects in the mother or baby.
What pain relief can you take when.
How do you give a breastfed.
Does breast milk have pain relief?
A Cochrane Review of 11 studies has found that breastfeeding and breastmilk are effective interventions to reduce pain in neonates. The authors recommend that when available, breastfeeding or breastmilk should be provided as analgesia for neonates undergoing single painful procedures.The Big List Of Cinco De Mayo Celebrations Around San DiegoEat + Drink You may want to call in sick for Monday now...
Cinco de Mayo is right around the corner, and nobody does it bigger and better than San Diego does! Here’s the big list of where to dine, drink and party this Cinco de Mayo weekend!
Saturday, May 4
Cinco de Mayo Celebration in Balboa Park
Building on the incredible success of last year’s inaugural event, the Cinco de Mayo Celebration in Balboa Park is expanding to bring even more Mexican-themed music and dance performances, arts and crafts, and family-friendly activities.
Casa Sol y Mar by the Bay
Cinco By The Bay celebrates Mexican heritage and culture with a day of festivities featuring Mexican cuisine, Agave spirits, music, entertainment, arts and culture – all surrounded by the stunning San Diego Bay at the Embarcadero Marina Park South
Death by Tequila
Death by Tequila will introduce a new margarita punchbowl during a weekend-long celebration from Saturday, May 4th through Sunday, May 5th. The popular Baja-inspired restaurant will open the bar early at 1 p.m. on Friday and Saturday and will celebrate with a new dragon fruit and tangerine margarita punchbowl, served in a skull-shaped goblet that’s meant for sharing.
Casa Guadalajara, Old Town
Enjoy drink specials in the lively Cantina, including cans of Tecate and Dos Equis..
Pacific Beach Cinco de Mayo Bar Crawl
Day drink with us in Pacific Beach! Join us as we guide 100+ guests to four rockin’ parties at the best bars PB has to offer!! Come alone or with a group and meet a ton of new friends to party with all day!
Casa de Pico, Grossmont Center, La Mesa.
Casa de Bandini, The Forum, Carlsbad
Spice up your fiesta with the Carnitas Taco Sampler and wash them down with Casa de Bandini’s Don Julio margaritas. Of course, the fiesta wouldn’t be complete without live Mariachi music and Folkloric dancers!
Sunday, May 5
Celebrate with Bankers Hill Bar + Restaurant’s Signature Cocktail
At Bankers Hill Bar + Restaurant, guests can celebrate with the restaurant’s signature cocktail, The Stalker, made with jalapeño-infused tequila, lime, celery syrup, smoked salt and a garnish of fresh greens to create a vibrant, spicy flavor combination.
Time for Bad Ass Mexican at El Chignon
El Chingon, GBOD Hospitality Group’s “Bad Ass Mexican” restaurant, will host a party in honor of the Battle of Puebla with signature brunch drinks and dishes.
Cinco de Sandbar Festival
Cinco de Sandbar Festival is a fiesta you don’t wanna miss! Sandbar would feature Taco & Tequila Specials, Taco Eating Contest, margarita and cervezas, tortilla toss and games for prizes, live DJs and live sunset mariachi.
Cinco de Barley
Gather your friends for a Cinco de Mayo celebration at barleymash! There’ll be music, food, and drink specials including Coconut Margarita, El Zaragoza, Afternoon Delight, and 1862.
3rd Annual Chula Vista Cinco Fest
The Cinco de Mayo Festival is expected to welcome over 15,000 attendees to enjoy delicious food, music and interactive zones designed for the entire family.
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with South Norte Beer Co.
Join SouthNorte and Coronado Brewing this Cinco De Mayo at the CBC Tasting Room in Bay Park for a day filled with bomb street tacos, fresh ceviche, Sea Senor micheladas and so much more!
Cinco de Mayo at the Food Hall
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo at the Food Hall with raffle giveaways and tastings from Mezcal El Silencio, 123 Organic Tequila, Cervecería de Colima, and Topo Chico USA. Plus, food pairing samples from Sam the Cooking Guy! Drink specials from the Little Italy Food Hall Bar served all day!
Pinata, Mariachi, Drinks!
Join us this Cinco De Mayo for drink specials, free swag and a mariachi at the Beach House! Fiesta hosted by Tequila Cazadores! $8 Cazadores Margaritas, $4 Tequila Shots, $5 ‘Mexican Mules’!
Mavericks Cinco De Mayo Lucha-Mania
Uno, Dos, Tres, Cuatro … who’s ready to party on Cinco?! Mavericks is! Come join us as we expand the party into our parking lot once again, to throw a Cinco De Drinko Party you will never forget! Cheer on a full Lucha-Mania Luchador wrestling show, Street Taco Eating Contest, Mariachi Troop and much, much more!
Cinco de Mayo Fiesta at Coasterra
Margs, tacos & the best view in San Diego! Go VIP and get an exclusive access to the El Tesoro VIP Lounge on Harbor Float which will include specialty tequila, baja wine and mexican beer tasting, limited lounge seating, raw bar, ceviche station and more!
Cinco de Mayo Yacht Party
Spend Cinco De Mayo 2019 with over 1200 guests aboard the Hornblower Inspiration yacht featuring 3 levels of music alongside the sexiest crowd San Diego has to offer with breathtaking views of the SD skyline , harbor, coronado bridge and more!
An Italian Restaurant Celebrating Cinco de Mayo?!
Why not?! Primavera Ristorante, a family-owned Italian restaurant on Coronado Island, will pull inspiration from its neighbor to the south to celebrate with the Primarita, a combination of gold tequila, fresh lime juice, Triple Sec and a float of Grand Marnier.
The Taco Stand!
Union Kitchen & Tap Gaslamp
Head to Union Kitchen & Tap Gaslamp and soak up Downtown’s energetic vibes matched with live music Friday – Sunday, plus $5 Pacifico and Modelo drafts, and $10 Jalisco Margaritas. Foodies can get their fill with brunch and dinner food specials all weekend long, so don’t miss out on this Cinco de Mayo hotspot.
Pacific Beach AleHouse.
Jalisco Cantina!
Have a great time and be safe!!Addicted Movie William Levy Leather Jacket
(You save $ 71)
We bring smart and dazzling masterpiece from our leather jackets collection. This inspirational piece of fashion is taken from the Hollywood movie “Addicted" worn by William Levy. If you are someone who loves to always stay in fashion then this Quentin Matthews Jacket is a must for you.
Special Features
- Material: Genuine/faux Leather
- Internal: Viscose Lining
- Color: Brown
- Front: Snap tabbed button collar ,Button closure.
- Sleeves: Full sleeves with open hem cuffs
- Pockets: Two flap pockets.
Not only it`s highly attractive to wear but also extremely comfortable. The jacket is made of genuine/faux with button front closure. The sleeves are designed in a unique style with full length. There are two flap pockets on the chest. Addicted Jacket is an outclass attire and you can wear to totally look striking and stunning.6 Similar Profiles
Similarity is based on overlapping concepts in the fingerprints, and shared work and organizational affiliations of Edward Bollard, DDS, MD with the persons below:
Antone John Aboud
- Labor and Employment Relations - Professor of Practice
Person: Academic
Peter Dillon, MD
- Penn State College of Medicine - Vice Dean for Clinical Affairs
- Department of Surgery - John A. and Marian T. Waldhausen Professor
- Department of Pediatrics - Professor
- Penn State Cancer Institute
- Penn State Health - Executive Vice President and Chief Clinical Officer
Person: Academic
Christopher S. Hollenbeak, PhD
- Health Policy and Administration - Professor and Chair
- Department of Surgery - Professor
- Department of Public Health Sciences - Professor
Person: Academic
Shou Ling Leong, MD
- Penn State College of Medicine - Assistant Dean for Pathways Innovation
- Department of Family and Community Medicine - Professor
Person: Academic
Jane R. Schubart, MBA, MS, PhD
- Department of Surgery - Associate Professor
- Division of Outcomes, Research and Quality
- Department of Medicine - Associate Professor
- Department of Public Health Sciences - Associate Professor
- Penn State Cancer Institute
- Cancer Institute, Cancer Control
Person: Academic
Rebecca Volpe, PhD
- Department of Humanities - Associate Professor
Person: AcademicPi Artworks will be showing works from Serdar Acar, Fatma Bucak, Osman DInc, Ipek Duben, Gulay Semercioglu, Kemal Seyhan, Ozer Toraman, Ayten Turanlı and Yusa Yalcintas.
The unique diversity of contemporary art with art lovers comes together with 5th. Edition of Artweeks@Akaretler. Within the scope of the organization, artists and their works from different disciplines will come together with leading Turkish galleries and collectors in a central location in Istanbul, reflecting the spirit of Akaretler Sıraevler with its historical, authentic and unique texture,Client: The Brow Nanny
UX/UI Design: Beth Moeur
Date: 2021
I led the design and direction for a responsive website redesign. The Brow Nanny specializes in permanent makeup, focusing on a technique that creates ombre powder eyebrows. Student training and certification for brows and lip blush are also provided through the current site.
The site redesign needed to be responsive and reflect the client’s brand identity while providing a prospective-customer experience that effortlessly translates into bookings. The goal of the project was to enhance current branding and responsiveness for mobile, tablet, and web.
The Process
Competitive Analysis
User Interviews
Site Evaluation
2. Interpret
Persona
Product Roadmap
3. Ideate
IA
User flow
Wireframes
UI
4. Test
Prototype
Usability Testing
Affinity Map
Refine
I developed a goals-oriented research plan including data collection methods which help me understand the needs and motivations of prospective customers.
Competitive Analysis
I researched similar, competing services to understand current beauty-related trends. These trends could be integrated with more innovative concepts to help make The Brow Nanny and its services more compelling.
1 on 1 Interviews
I interviewed five users between the ages of 24 and 45. My goal was to understand their experiences with online beauty services and to gain insights into what they hope to achieve through the service, as well as note any pain points and other problems.
Site Evaluation
An evaluation of the existing site was performed by the same users who participated in the interviews. This helped me quickly identify what was working and where there were design pitfalls.
Key takeaways from research:
Transparency
Ensure visibility of the booking process and details regarding services provided and pricing.
Visual & Informative content
Help customers understand the types of services provided. “Before and after” photos are a critical feature of this kind of service.
Credibility
Prospective customers want legitimacy, reassurance, and trust in beauty services, especially for first-time users.
Old site
2. Interpret
Based on user-insight sessions, I synthesized my findings to create a persona: Lauren. This helped me move into the ideation process.
Lauren likes to have a straightforward booking experience and to be well-informed on the beauty services provided. She looks for quality and trust in a person's work. This makes her more assured about investing in an expensive service.
3. Ideate
I synthesized the data and user insights to create a structure and system that encompasses the IA and sitemap.
The old sitemap lacks differentiation among the beauty services and educational training that The Brown Nanny provides. To emphasize these two categories more clearly, the modified sitemap's new structure has separate interface pages on each topic, providing a stronger hierarchy within the information architecture.
Before vs. After of sitemap
Original sitemap (left), Modified sitemap (right)
After establishing user needs, I created a user flow that encompasses all possible pathways to booking an appointment.
Design Decisions
The prospective customer should feel confident in choosing a service for which they are intuitively guided through the booking experience. Key features were highlighted to help guide my design process from journey flow to sketches.
Credibility
Transparency from the service providers behind The Brow Nanny is vital to help form a connection with clients.
Educational & informative content
Offer a thorough understanding of the booking process and services provided.
Reviews
Reviews from customers create legitimacy and trust in the company, especially for permanent makeup.
Visuals
Quality of work is heavily determined by before and after photos.
I conveyed key features from sketches to wireframes, addressing how a client would be compelled to book a beauty service that shows that they feel confident is credible and trustworthy.
I then conveyed key features from sketches to wireframes addressing how a client would be compelled to book with a beauty service that shows credibility and trust.
Visual design system
From wireframe to high fidelity mockup
4. Test
Test Objectives
I created a prototype to conduct usability testing with four individuals in order to identify early pitfalls and to incorporate any immediate feedback. The main task-flow was to complete a booking for “Ombré Powder Brows.” An affinity map was then created to layout out the priority revisions.
User Testing Insights
1. More before and after images.
Users want to be sold on the images, since it is a permanent beauty service.
2. Learn More About The Training Instructor and/or Person Providing the Service
Offer a more in-depth explanation of the instructor/service provider to show her credibility, possibly through a brief bio or personal statement.
3. Highlight Important Policies and Terms and Conditions More
Users want to make sure they understand the policies before booking an appointment.
Learnings
Make It Personable and Show Credibility
With a sea of competing brow artists, it is vital to have a strong selling point that makes The Brow Nanny stand out. My research and user feedback helped me to develop a responsive design that is more educational and informative for the prospective customer, guiding them to book a service.
Desktop viewHow to Select a Medical Assistant Training in Boaz Alabama
Now that you have made a decision to enter the rewarding field of health care and enroll in a medical assistant course in Boaz AL, it’s time to select a school that will furnish the right training. But just how do you undertake evaluating and comparing schools so that you subsequently pick the best one? Many potential students begin by evaluating the medical assistant schools that are nearest to their homes and then lean toward those that have the lowest tuition. While location and cost are extremely important such things as accreditation, internship programs and job assistance are critical factors also. You might want to look into several online medical assistant programs as an option also (more on that later). The main point is that prior to selecting a college you need to finish your due diligence and compare all pertinent qualifications of the schools you are examining. And to help you with that task, we have provided a few questions that you need to ask each of the schools on your “maybe” list. But prior to starting that review, let’s briefly talk about the role of a medical assistant and the kind of training and credentials that are offered.
The Duties of Medical Assistants
The job of a medical assistant can be varied as well as challenging. Basically their function is to make sure that the Boaz AL clinics, hospitals and other healthcare centers where they work operate successfully. Based on the size or type of facility, they can be more of an administrative assistant, a clinical assistant, or in smaller facilities both. They are responsible for providing direct assistance to the nurses, doctors and other health practitioners but can also be found working at the front desk or in an office. A few of the many duties of a medical assistant include:
- Completing insurance forms and submitting claims
- Scheduling and verifying appointments
- Weighing and taking patients vital signs
- Taking blood and other fluid and tissue samples
- Preparing instruments and rooms for physicians
- Giving general support during exams and procedures
While Boaz AL medical assistants may perform almost any task they are qualified to under Alabama law, some prefer to specialize in a specific area and obtain certification. Two of the choices available are for the Certified Clinical Medical Assistant (CCMA) and the Certified Medical Administrative Assistant (CMAA) made available by the National Healthcareer Association (NHA).
Medical Assistant Training Courses and Certification
Compared to many other medical practitioners, medical assistants are not required to become licensed, certified, or to have a college degree. However, many Boaz AL employers would rather hire graduates of an accredited medical assistant training school (more on accreditation later ) that have earned certification. There are basically 2 choices available for a formal education. The first and fastest route to becoming a medical assistant is to attain a diploma or a certificate. These programs normally take about a year to finish, a few as little as 6 to 9 months. They are designed to teach the fundamentals of medical assisting and prepare graduates for entry level positions. The second option is to acquire an Associate Degree, which are usually two year programs provided at community and junior colleges in addition to vocational and technical schools. They are more expansive in design than the certificate or diploma programs, and include general education courses in addition to the medical assistant courses. They often have a clinical component requiring an internship with a local medical facility. Associate Degrees are commonly a pre-requisite for and credits can be applied to a four year Bachelor’s Degree in Medical Assistant Studies or a similar field.
As previously mentioned, certification is not a legal requirement, but is an excellent choice for those who want to advance their careers. It will not only help in securing a job after graduation, but it can also help with initial salary negotiations. A number of possible Boaz AL employers simply will not hire a medical assistant that has not received certification or accredited formal training. One of the most popular and arguably the most respected certification is the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA) offered by the American Association of Medical Assistants (AAMA). In order to apply for the CMA exam, an applicant must be a graduate or will graduate within thirty days from an accredited medical assistant program. Other certifications are available also, for instance the CCMA and the CMAA that we discussed earlier which are provided by the NHA.
Online Medical Assistant Colleges
There are a number of accredited medical assistant programs available online too. They are a good choice for students who might not have the time to attend classes on campus but could work them in if attended at home. This is an especially good solution for students who continue working full time while pursuing their degree or certificate. As an added benefit, a number of online schools have lower tuitions than the more traditional on-campus options. Ancillary costs including those for commuting, textbooks and school supplies can be minimized as well. But keep in mind that any requirements for practical training or internships must still be satisfied, but they can typically be completed in regional Alabama medical facilities. If you can earn a degree without the formal structure of going to supervised classes on-campus, then this approach to receiving your training might be the best choice for you. Between the online lessons and the clinical training, everything needed to attain proficiency to work as a medical assistant in Boaz AL is furnished.
Topics to Ask Medical Assistant Colleges
Prior to examining your medical assistant school alternatives, you have to determine which kind of credential you would like to earn, and if you would prefer attending classes on-campus near Boaz AL or online at home. After those selections have been made, you can begin the process of researching programs. As we discussed at the opening of this article, some students confine their searches to the schools that are nearest to home with the most affordable tuitions. Although cost and location are significant qualifications, they are not the only ones. There are a number of additional considerations that you must examine when researching Alabama schools. To assist you with that process, following are a few questions that you need to ask about all of the programs you are thinking about before making your final choice.
Is the Medical Assistant Program Accredited? There are several great reasons to confirm that the school you select is accredited. To begin with, accreditation helps guarantee that the instruction you receive will be both comprehensive and of the highest quality. Next, if you intend to become certified, you must complete an accredited program. Two of the. Also, if you plan on applying for a student loan or financial aid, they are often not available for non-accredited programs. And last, as previously mentioned, many prospective Boaz AL employers will not employ a medical assistant who has not graduated from an accredited school.
What is the School’s Passage Percentage? Most of the accredited Boaz AL area medical assistant colleges develop their programs to prep students to pass one or more certification exams. First, you must find out which of the certifications the schools you are reviewing are preparing their students to take. If you are interested in taking the CMA for instance, then of course you will want to select a program concentrating on that certification. Next, ask what the school’s passage rate is for the certification and compare it to the national average. This is one of the means to help assess the quality of a college’s program. Naturally programs with low rates are those that you will want to avoid.
Which Programs are Provided? As we covered earlier, there are basically two routes to getting medical assistant training. You can enroll in a certificate or diploma program and obtain entry level training in the shortest amount of time, starting at just 6 months, although the average is closer to 1 year. Or you can opt to earn an Associate Degree and get a broader education that will require about 2 years to complete in a community college or vocational school. Whichever program you decide to pursue, make certain that the Boaz AL area schools you are reviewing provide the kind of program you are interested in.
Are Internships Offered? Many Alabama medical assistant programs sponsor internship programs with local health care providers. They are a great way to get hands-on clinical experience and training. They can also assist students establish relationships within the Boaz AL health care community. And as an additional perk, they are an asset on resumes and for job interviews too.
Is Job Placement Service Offered? Landing that initial job can be a daunting task for graduating medical assistant students unless they have some assistance from a job placement program. Confirm that the schools you are interviewing provide job placement assistance and find out what their placement rate is. If a school has a high job placement rate for its students, it affirms that it has an excellent reputation within the medical community. It also suggests that it has a wide network of employers in the Boaz AL area to help place students in jobs.
How Large are the Classrooms? Class size can be an indication of how much individual attention you will get throughout your training. Smaller classes and classes with a higher teacher to student ratio are more prone to offer increased access to instructors and one-on-one interaction. If possible, try to attend a couple of classes before enrolling in a school in the Boaz AL area to experience what the teaching atmosphere is like and how much attention the students receive.
Is Class Scheduling Accommodating? If you plan on attending a medical assistant program while you continue working full-time, it’s important that the school you enroll in provides classes that accommodate your schedule. If you need to go to classes at night or on weekends in Boaz AL, confirm that those times are available. You may be able to fit your classes in easier with an online college, but you will still need to schedule any internships or practical training that might be required. Additionally, ask what the protocol is for making up classes that you may have to miss because of illness, work or family emergencies.
Select the Best Medical Assistant School in Boaz AL
It’s imperative to start your new career on the right foot by choosing a medical assistant college that will furnish the appropriate training. Whether you’re goal is to launch a career in healthcare starting out as a medical assistant or to pursue medical assistance as your lifetime career, you need to obtain the appropriate information on available programs before making your selection. There are such a large number of schools offering training these days that you can make a decision based on your personal preferences and individual circumstances. And as we have discussed in this article, make certain that the program you choose is accredited by an acknowledged agency, such as the CAAHEP. This is particularly important if you intend on taking the CMA certification exam. But regardless of the type of credential that you intend to earn or if you have decided to attend either an on-campus or online school, don’t forget to ask the questions we have provided so you can compare programs and make an informed decision. And by picking the right program you can subsequently start a gratifying career as a medical assistant in Boaz AL.
Why Did You Want to Be a CMA?When getting ready to interview for a medical assistant job, it's helpful to review questions you could be asked. One of the questions that hiring managers often ask applicants is "What made you decide on medical assistance as a profession?". What the interviewer is trying to uncover is not only the private reasons you may have for being a Certified Medical Assistant, but additionally what attributes and skills you have that make you good at your profession. You will probably be asked questions relating primarily to medical assisting, as well as a certain number of general interview questions, so you must prepare some approaches about how you want to respond to them. Given that there are several factors that go into choosing a career, you can respond to this fundamental question in a number of ways. When preparing an answer, try to include the reasons the work interests you as well as the strengths you have that make you an excellent medical assistant and the best choice for the position. Don't try to memorize a response, but take down a few concepts and anecdotes that relate to your own strengths and experiences. Reviewing sample responses can assist you to develop your own concepts, and provide ideas of what to discuss to wow the interviewer.
Some Cities in Alabama That May Be Of InterestAmboseli & Masai Mara Safari, Kenya
Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe/Zambia
Lagos, Nigeria
The 2022 Brand Africa | Africa’s Best Brands Portfolio will showcase the best of the best in “Brands & Places” in Africa, and global African insights, thought leadership, perspectives and Best Practices in product and place Brands in Africa.District Wise Monthly Climate Data for Nepal
URL:
This dataset contain climate data for districts of Nepal at monthly interval
Date: 1981-01-01 to 2019-12-31
No of Rows: 29016
No of Columns: 24
Interval: Monthly
No of Parameters: 18
This resource view is not available at the moment. Click here for more information.My soul’s purpose is to be of service and to care for people, while helping them on their own spiritual journey. My passion is to provide a safe, sacred space for you to relax, refresh and recharge your skin, mind and spirit. When I opened Alternative Skincare and Wellness in 2019, I knew I wanted to create a place that combined my experience in skincare with energy healing. It has now grown to include Life Coaching with an energetic and spiritual approach. Intuition and positive energy are incorporated into everything I do to help you live your best authentic life.
My.
I have always seen life through a spiritual lens and saw the beauty in nature. I was always searching for my higher purpose and believed that everything happens for a reason. As an empath, I suffered with anxiety and depression and didn’t realize that a lot of what I was feeling and experiencing was not my own but was from other people around me. Discovering this and what it meant freed me from thinking there was something wrong with me. I have had many people come into my life that inspired me as well as teachers from motivational books and seminars. I also had people who weren’t as positive come into my life for a short time to teach me many lessons. I’ve acquired knowledge and life lessons to heal from my past and live a purposeful life. It has always been my goal to turn negative or challenging experiences into a positive. I have done this by helping others and using my experiences to motivate and offer support to my friends and family or anyone needing support. For years friends would say, “You should be a life coach” as I coached them along their journey in a positive, non judgmental loving way. It literally took a pandemic to go to school to get certified in the thing that always came natural to me, and become a certified Life Coach.
It was 2020 during difficult time.
I.Life After Retirement
When I took advantage of early retirement from a 31-year teaching career, I had only.”
In theory, it sounded wonderful, but the reality was very different.
After three months of leisure, I knew I needed more than this patchwork of activities. Goals and structure—words I thought I had left behind—started creeping up in my daily thoughts. A part-time job would have solved the problem, but I had no desire to accept short-term teaching contracts or start over in another career.
Instead, I resurrected a writing dream concocted at age eighteen..
. The novel was released on 5th June 2015.
In both novels, the protagonists are fifty-three-year-old women at a crossroads. I thought I had randomly selected that age but later realized it was my retirement age. And there are more similarities. Both protagonists reinvent themselves as career counselors. Toward the end of my teaching career, I enrolled in the Career Development Practitioner Program at Conestoga College. I had hoped to open a career counseling office, but personal and health challenges forced me to alter my course. Instead, I am living vicariously through my protagonists.
In August, Soul Mate Publishing will release The Coming of Arabella, the second book in the Mediterranean trilogy. A fourth novel is sitting on the back-burner and three others are in various stages of completion.
Where to find me…
Website – Twitter – Facebook
LinkedIn – Pinterest – Goodreads
Book Links
Amazon:
UK – USA – Canada – Australia
25 thoughts on “#Read about Guest #Author Joanne Guidoccio”
Since retiring I have started a blog,had 2 short stories published, working on my first full length novel, experimental cook, bring etc,Making jewelery the list goes on and thats how the title of my blog was born ” Retired! No One Told Me! . So enjoy everything you do, Live ,Laugh and Love 🙂
LikeLiked by 2 people
Wow! You are definitely a poster child for retirement. 🙂
LikeLiked by 2 people
Glad you became “uncomfortable,” Joanne. Shared on all my social network pages 🙂
LikeLiked by 2 people
Thanks Tina. Looking forward to connecting on SM. 🙂
LikeLiked by 2 people
Still way behind with reading your first book but I will get there, its next in line on my ebook pile after I finish one more. Retirement is something you do after all the books are done.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Thanks for dropping by, Kath 🙂
LikeLiked by 2 people
I find myself in a similar situation; both retired from teaching and now writing. It is time for those dreams that have been sitting on the shelf! Lynn M.
LikeLiked by 2 people
It’s the best time of our lives to launch those dreams. Good luck to you! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks so much!! Lynn M.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I can relate. When an accident at work forced me into an early retirement, I decided to follow that dream. The dream of selling up my house in California and move to the south of France! However, I could use a few more hours in the day as I stay so busy with two blogs, new collections of poetry, my first novel, painting, exploring France and beyond…
LikeLiked by 2 people
Wow!! You’ve carved a lovely second act for yourself. Enjoy!
LikeLiked by 3 people
More than you know! Especially if you knew where I came from. I knew it would be good here, but I had no idea how perfectly suited it was to who I am. I’m living the dream that I never dared to dream. Merci beaucoup!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Reblogged this on Barrow Blogs: .
LikeLiked by 2 people
Thanks for reblogging, Judith 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks for re-blogging Judith 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
Wishing you much success in your writing career.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks for dropping by 🙂
LikeLiked by 2 people
Reblogged this on Smorgasbord – Variety is the spice of life and commented:
An interesting post from author Joanne Guidoccio who illustrates perfectly that retiring from one career does not mean putting your feet up and retiring your mind. Putting all her experiences at work and in life to good use, she is now a successful author.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks for the re-blog Sally – HUGS 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks for reblogging, Sally 🙂
Chris, thanks for hosting me. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
You’re very welcome Joanne 😀
Nice to meet you, Joanne Guidoccio. My, you have been busy. A fabulous body of work already. Wish you much success. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
You are more than welcome. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personJohnny Platform’s Biscuit Romp
September 14, 2011 8 Comments
I have a proposition for Microsoft. It’s a bit radical but hear me out on this one. I think every XNA subscription should come bundled with a dude named Gus. Gus will just hang around when you are designing your games. Now if it’s obvious the project is flawed from the beginning and the developer has no talent, Gus will simply alert the guys who have confused the job of reviewing games with kissing ass to break out the Chapstick.
However, if the designer has talent and is in the process of creating a fun title, Gus will stick around and continue to observe the development process. And in the event the designer decides to include a feature that is so mind-numbingly stupid that it could potentially sink their game, Gus will empty a can of pepper spray on their face. It’s my hypothesis that this will lead to a developer more carefully thinking through design choices.
I think this is a good plan, Microsoft. You can save money by using the same guys who shoot people’s dogs when they use bad game quotes. Oh, and just because the guy is billed as being named “Gus” doesn’t mean the guy actually has to be named Gus. It’s a marketing thing, just like the “Geek Squad” is for Best Buy. I have it on good authority that some of those guys are really more like dweebs than geeks.
Okay, end of insane rant, and on to the review. I put a call out on Twitter for older releases that would be possible contenders for the Leaderboard here. The always cool Chounard was swift to nominate Johnny Platform Saves Christmas. This was quickly endorsed by multiple Twits, and thus it secured the spot in this review. Well kinda. As it turns out, JP Saves Christmas is a sequel. For some reason, it just seems weird to me to review a game without having played the original, so I figured I should grab it and start there.
Thus, Johnny Platform’s Biscuit Romp. It’s a puzzle-platformer where you play as this stick-figure-with-a-giant-green-head-thingie who has to navigate 55 single-room levels. I guess calling these boards puzzles is a bit misleading. They’re pretty much as puzzling as a light switch, so maybe this should just be called a platformer. In order to clear most stages, you have to hop’n’bop all the baddies in a stage. Other times, you just have to get to the door. Along the way you’ll have to make use of a double jump and occasionally push blocks or wheels into place.
JP Biscuit Romp actually is pretty good, even though it has a couple glaring issues. The first thing I should note is that the game’s difficulty has more curves than someone who has subjected themselves to reverse-liposuction. Not that it ever gets particularly difficult, but there are times where one room will offer multiple baddies and clever layouts, and the next will be a straight forward “get to the goal” type of stage that can be beaten in seconds. Actually, a lot of Xbox Live Indie Games tend to have issues with proper difficulty progression. It’s further proof that Gus is a good idea.
But where Gus would really have had a good time is when the developers decided to include a lives system. The fact that it even exists is a sin against gaming. There’s no high scores and you achieve a “checkpoint” every five stages, so what purpose does it serve besides adding tedium to the experience? It’s not really that big a deal but it does break the flow of the game and it’s really the only major flaw here, so I figured I should bring it up and someone should be washing their mouth out with Mace as a result.
Otherwise, Johnny Platform’s Biscuit Romp is a perfectly fine waste of an hour. I had planned to do a double-review, much like I did with the Platformance games, but Biscuit Romp was good enough to talk about on its own. It certainly gives me hope that the Christmas game will be a contender for the Leaderboard, especially since that’s the game that actually won last night’s nomination. Then again, adding Christmas to anything rarely ends well. Just look at the Ernest movies. Or Judaism.
Johnny Platform’s Biscuit Romp was developed by Ishisoft Games
80 Microsoft Points noted that other things ruined by Christmas include drive-time radio, prime-time network programming, and diets in the making of this review.
Good lord, whoever played the game in the video clip in the end needs to play more Mario or something. That was some awful platforming haha. Good review otherwise. Seems like a decent platformer.
That would be someone from IGN. Apparently they planned to cover XBLIGs when the service first started. Didn’t take. That clip had exactly 1 page view when I found it.
I agree with all of your comments, but the sequel is a bit more challenging. The lives system is a bit annoying, but it does keep me from rushing straight in willy nilly. I do like the Gus idea though, but to me most people already have a Gus, his name is really Common Sense. It seems a lot of people do not like to listen to him though.
My name is Gus, but I don’t want the job of telling people to scrap their projects, even if they are shit. That’s the point of XBLIG, create any game you want, with minimal restrictions and see what happens. It is supposed to spawn creativity, and so what if there are a whole pile of games no one wants to play.
Who said anything about Gus getting people to scrap projects? The point of Gus is to save good games from having bad ideas.
I can see reading comprehension isn’t highly thought of in the Australian educational system.
I’m glad you dig the game. I agree with your criticisms, but it’s still a fun game. I think the sequel is even better.
Not a bad little game from what I remember – I never played the 2nd one, maybe I’ll give that one a go.
Pingback: Johnny Platform Saves Christmas « Indie Gamer ChickBrightFocus Foundation Offers Free Pocket Card
CLARKSBURG, MD—Being diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease can be overwhelming, but the BrightFocus Foundation wants to help people take an active, informed role in their health care. In recognition of November’s Alzheimer’s Awareness Month, BrightFocus is offering a free, pocket-sized card of questions—available in English and Spanish—to bring to the doctor’s office.
In addition to reminders to bring certain items to the appointment, such as insurance cards and a list of medications, the card includes key questions to ask, such as:
- Have tests ruled out the possibility that this is normal aging?
- What stage of Alzheimer’s disease am I in now, and what changes can I expect?
- How much experience do you have in treating people with Alzheimer’s disease?
- Is it possible the medications I’m on could be making my symptoms worse?
- What’s your advice for sharing this news with the people in my life?
Cards are available for downloading in English or Spanish, or by calling 1-800-437-2423.
“Alzheimer’s is a devastating diagnosis for families,” said BrightFocus President and CEO Stacy Haller. “Every 66 seconds someone in the U.S. develops the disease, which over time robs people of their awareness, memory, and judgment. It also takes a terrible toll on caregivers. At BrightFocus, we want to provide information that can help during this difficult time.”
More than five million Americans have Alzheimer’s disease, a number expected to triple in the next 35 years unless scientists develop new approaches to prevent or cure it.
For Alzheimer’s Awareness Month, BrightFocus is also offering:
- Caregiving Tips for the Holidays, a fact sheet suggesting ways to make the holidays less stressful and anxious; and
- Ways to Participate in the Health-eBrain Study, online brain performance tests that will help medical science assess the cognitive toll on those who provide family caregiving for Alzheimer’s and dementia patients.
BrightFocus provides a range of publications, video, and audio on Alzheimer’s topics.
BrightFocus Foundation is a nonprofit organization supporting research and public education to help eradicate brain and eye diseases, including Alzheimer's disease, macular degeneration and glaucoma. For more information, call 1-800-437-2423.Kaiku Levinah, is a “humble and God-fearing” young lady who attended Kiira Primary school and Jinja secondary (High) school where she received her four-year certificate but because of financial problems, she was unable to complete S5 and S6 to get her high school diploma. Instead, in 2017 she attended the new Adult Education Center in Njeru where she began her pursuit of a trade certificate but found it to be quite a challenge.
She came to the Hackers For Charity Computer Training Center in Jinja Uganda and offered her services as a volunteer intern for ten weeks. When Levinah come to HFC for her internship, she had low self-esteem and she was very shy and had little understanding of basic computer usage.
Her internship “changed [her] life”. She was able to learn new skills including Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver and more. She returned to her trade school for a skill review and it was discovered that she had more knowledge and skills more than the teachers and was able to begin instructing them as well as her fellow students!
Levinah now is one the leading students that the school counts on for consultation, all because of her HFC internship! Now, she is not only a student but also a confident leader, rejoicing in her newfound self-esteem and “so thankful to the CTC center, staff and donors!”B:CIVIC Expands Board, Reflecting the Increasing Influence of Business Philanthropy
and Corporate Social Responsibility
At its recent meeting, members of the B:CIVIC Board of Directors named four new board members, a move reflecting the growing force of businesses involved in implementing and shaping corporate citizenship. New board members include D.J. Close, Village Giving Manager, DaVita; Brandy Radey, Senior Advisor, Sustainability & Communications, Suncor; Patrick Riley, Senior Vice President, North Market; FirstBank; and Shanda Vangas, Community Investments and Partnership Manager, QEP Resources. DaVita, Suncor, FirstBank and QEP Resources are each Founding Member companies.
The four new board members join 12 other directors. Representing healthcare, energy, banking, business services, engineering, finance, insurance, real estate, restaurants, law, and business and philanthropic associations, the board’s expanding reach brings additional influence and voice to business social responsibility. “The expansion of our board deepens our ability to lead and fulfill our mission with exemplary companies, and is a testament to how important business philanthropy and community involvement is for Colorado,” said Lori Call, B:CIVIC Board Chair, and Stakeholder Operations Leader, Kaiser Permanente.
“The expertise of our new board members, alongside our existing board, is significant as we undertake new initiatives and show the positive impact that companies are making in our community,” said Fred Baumann, Partner, Lewis Roca Rothgerber Christie; B:CIVIC Vice Chair, and Chair, B:CIVIC Nominating Committee.
New Directors:
Officers:
Board Chair: Lori Call, Stakeholder Operations Leader, Kaiser Permanente
Board Vice Chair: Frederick Baumann, Partner, Lewis Roca Rothgerber Christie LLP
Board Treasurer: John Dowling, CPA, President, Audit Labs Ltd.
Board Secretary: Demesha Hill, Community Relations Manager, Janus Henderson Investors, and Managing Director, Janus Henderson Foundation
Directors (excluding the new directors shown above):
Mark Berzins, Founder and Lead Dog, Little Pub Company
Jack Fox, President, The Fox Company and Founding Board Chair
Joey Ham, Senior Manager, Global Partnerships, Western Union Foundation
Kate Lyda, Philanthropic Services Officer, The Denver Foundation
Alexis Owen, Director of Brand, First Western Trust
Ruth Rohs, Vice President, Corporate Communications and Executive Director of the IMA Foundation
Ellen Sandberg, Executive Director, CH2M Foundation and Vice President, Community Investment, CH2M
Kirsten Vermulen, Program Director, Denver Metro Chamber Leadership Foundation
B:CIVIC Board of Directors800.225.2610
Laryngeal Mirrors can be used for dysphagia evaluation, pre-feeding intra-oral structure inspection, or speech training. One-piece chrome mirror allows safe, easy cleaning and icing. Unlike 2-piece mirrors, these mirrors cannot come apart in the mouth if the client has a bite reflex. Retains cold and accommodates liquid (sour stimuli) for enhancing thermal stimulation. Autoclavable.
Laryngeal Mirror Sizes:
00 Laryngeal Mirror (10 mm) facilitates light touch
0 Laryngeal Mirror (12mm) is appropriate for exams of the oral cavityDescription
Bring new depths of design to any room with the Augustus Collection. Power-loomed of polypropylene and polyester in Egypt, Augustus is an abstract display of sloping banks amidst earthy swaths of color.
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Senator Lindsey Graham attacked Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and three other congresswomen (Rep. Rashida Tlaib, Rep. Ayanna Pressley and Rep. Ilhan Omar) in an appearance on FOX & Friends on Monday. Graham snarled:”AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists. They hate Israel. They hate our own country. They’re calling the border patrol agents ‘concentration camp guards’ … They’re anti-Semitic. They’re anti-America.”
AOC responded to Graham on Twitter: “I see @LindseyGrahamSC’s biggest issue w/ Trump’s racism is that it doesn’t go far enough – Graham wants to bring back 1950s McCarthyism, too. GOP is doing this because they have no plan for our future. We’re the ones fighting for healthcare, edu, good jobs, & they got nothing.”
The post Lindsey Graham Snarls: We All Know That ‘AOC and This Crowd Are a Bunch of Communists’ — WATCH appeared first on Towleroad Gay News.Nov 24, 2020
The other day I had the chance to speak with Robin Corak, the owner of Phoenix Awen Rising among many things. Robin came on to the show to talk to me about Persephone: Practicing the Art of Personal Power, her latest book. It's a timely book about self empowerment in a place of darkness. I'm working through it myself right now. If anyone is interested I wouldn't mind doing a book club where we work through the exercises and questions together. Just let me know at our email.
Recently we were given a press pass to The Official Witches Sabbat which is a bi-annual assembly of witches and occultists. It was fantastic and we enjoyed ourselves and learned a lot. In fact, as far as pagan conferences and festivals go, we attended more presentations at the Witches Sabbat than any of the others, ever.
The presenters were knowledgeable and passionate about what they were teaching. The quality of the sound and video was great with no lag that I could ascertain. I would highly recommend attending next conference. Thank you to Devin and the rest of the crew for inviting us, it was a great time.
At The Official Witches Sabbat the first annual Witchies were held. We will be having 3 Witchy winner, Mat Auryn on the show in the near future. Congratulations Mat! Mat also presented at The Official Witches Sabbat.
I was so excited to hear what our Feature Album is this episode. Mojo chose Songs for the Waning Year by Sharon Knight and T. Thorn Coyle. This is one of my favourite more seasonal pagan albums. From the album we hear Prayer for the Dead, The Morrigan Chant, and at the end of the show, Osiris Lives.
We also hear Holly, Ivy, & Yew from The Road Santiago by Heather Dale. To complete our musical offering this episode we have Warrior Goddess from Journey to the Goddess by Lisa Thiel.
Thanks for walking The Wigglian Way!
See you soon.Search Engine users found us yesterday by using these keywords :
Search Engine users found us today by entering these math terms :
- vb source code + to solve a given polynomial
- factoring polynomials calculator
- Cost Accounting an Introduction , ppt
- ordering fractions least to greatest calculator
- quadratic equation by using excel
- solving 3rd order functions calculator
- multiple variable equation solver
- free ged math work
- cubing polynomials
- free download trig calculator
- math formula finder
- Additional Practice and Skills Workbook answers
- algebra 2 textbook answers for prentice hall
- algebric formulas to find squareroot of numbers
- matlab exam questions
- TI-84 Plus quadratic complex formula
- worksheets on exponents fourth grade
- lesson plans to teach form two children to multiply or divide integers
- maths ks3 exercise sheet compound area
- square root formula calculator
- solving quadratic equations by completing the square worksheet
- cost accounting pak books free download text
- ti-84 physics programs
- how do i program my TI-83 to calculate the slope
- 4th grade algebra functions
- how to solve quadratic equations by finding square roots
- algebra 2 keycode books
- java: how to traverse a string backwards
- mcdougal littell algebra 1 practice workbook answers
- program to find greastest common factor of number
- square root decimal to number
- x and y axis pictures-free worksheet
- subtracting fractions worksheets
- 5th grade dividing decimals
- simultaneous equation solver
- physics prentice hall answers
- partial fraction calculater
- pre-algebra multiplication models
- Algebra with Pizzazz worksheet answers # 213
- 4th grade fraction chart
- holt florida algebra 1 textbook answers
- math scale problems
- roots to exponents
- THIRD GRADE MULTI STEP MATH WORKSHEETS
- how to divide radical fractions
- how do you solve for a cube root on a TI83
- saxon math problem solver
- solution guide for algebra and trigonometry+structure and method+book 2
- reading scales maths lesson year 2
- explain easy steps to solving linear equations
- linear programming of two variable (lecture notes word problems and solution to the problems)
- multiply exponents "worksheet
- "printable fraction cards"
- factoring GCF polynomials worksheet free
- simultaneous 3 unknowns
- newton solving + matlab
- Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first plus one-third of the second plus seven-ninths of the third is 23.
- easy way to learn 2 digit subtraction
- solve systems elimination calculator
- boolean function simplification solver
- simplify polynomial solver
- solving second order differential equations in mat lab
- combinations and permutations- grade 7
- i like to take a math online free
- need the basis in adding,subtracting,multiply, and divide positive and negative number
- solve exponential equation data points
- learning basic fractions to decimals from least to greatest
- proportions and line segments pre algebra
- hard solving quadratic equations using completing the squares
- heath algebra 1 online help
- teaching pre alegebra
- simplify square root of formula
- "trinomials in four terms"
- order of operation multiply divide add and subtract fractions
- free online examination for it and general aptitude
- excel simultaneous equation
- absolute value with variables
- statistics weighted mean worksheet
- easy ways to learn grade 9 algebra
- parabola calculators
- cube root calculator ladder method
- kinds of special product in algebra
- online equation finder
- Bittinger edition math study skills workbook miami dade college
- what are qudratic expressions
- simplify radical addition expressions'
- factor third order polynomial
- free exponents worksheets
- free real life examples for algebra.ppt
- holt algebra 1 texas practice b
- radicals math solver
- online algebra calculator
- binomial princing model ti89
- simplifing the cube root of a number
- free positive and negative numbers worksheets
- matrix intermediate teacher bool test 5
- matlab solve nonlinear equation multiple variables
- more about algebra images of scientist
- 'number line "subtracting integers"
- subtracting negative fractions
- Square Root Chart
- how to cube root on a calculator
- online Nonhomogeneous ordinary differential equations solver
- balancing equations 8th grade problems
- exercises of book Rudin Chapter 7
- summation notation expanded worksheet
- trig prog for texas calculator
- doing quadratic formula in ti 89
- solving for x fraction calculator
- (iii) The highest common factor between 64 and 108 (iv) The lowest common multiple of 8 and 20 4
- Calculator program Factoring
- step by step teach me the quadratic formula
- Greatest Common Factors Table
- how do you do a cubed root on a TI-83 plus cal
- mixed number to decimal
- switching algebra simplifier
- examples of quadratic formula used in real life
- number divisible by 3 and 7 java program
- mcdougal littell inc teacher answers
- java code for determining intersection points of two circles
- scale factor word problems
- how to rewrite multiplication as division
- mathematical trivia
- math proplem solve
- learn algebra 1
- hyperbola equations and solutions
- math scale equation
- the hardest algebra problems in the world
- algabra ab help free
- help solving square roots with x and exponents
- equation solver 3
- AMAZON.COM-HOLT BUSINESS MATH,PERCENTAGES
- creating a quadratic equation problems, high school
- solution set calculators
- who to factor cubed polynomials
- quadratic equations with exponential func
- problems and solutions lesson plans, first grade
- how to solve simple maths in square roots
- simplifying radicals
- PERCENTAGE FORMULAS
- McDougall Littell Geometry Texas Edition online free
- quadratic equation for TI-84 plus
- difference of exponential and radical forms of an expression
- writing algebra formula in html
- how to plot parabolas on a ti-89
- holt algebra 1 book answers
- saxon algebra 2 answer key free online pdf
- free multiplication & division of rational expressions
- algebra 1 games online
- function for linear equations in matlab
- radicals in algebra calculator
- multi variable polynomials
- second order nonhomogeneous linear differential equation with constant coefficients.
- holt, algebra 1 lesson
- solve for standard form
- Algebra Solver
- range domain ti 83 app
- guaranteed best way to learn pre algebra
- holt algebra 1 practice workbook
- factor a cubed polynomial
- language adding and subtracting
- how to cheat with TI 84 Plus
- free sat test work sheet
- holt math slope
- ordering fractions from least to greatest solver
- trigonometry bearings worksheets
- algebrator download
- parabolic graph vertex zeros
- solving systems of equations by adding method problem solver
- math worksheet 1a
- free negative integer subtraction worksheets
- Online Calculator that solves Trig Equations: Sum and Difference Formulas
- laplace calculator
- quadratic factorization applet
- free how to learn algebra 1
- multiplying negative fractions
- entering simultaneous equations matlab
- multiple exponents
- example of sats papers
- florida prentice hall mathematics geometry online download
- algebraic equation of a parabola
- 6th grade math percent lesson plans
- free math worksheets 5th grade adding negative numbers
- blank coordinate plane
- 7th grade math problems permutations
- worksheets dividing fractional monomials
- math problem solver & explanation
- exprecion polar
- quadratic formula and factoring calculator program
- explain how to put fractions in order from least to greatest
- math dealing with basketball
- algebra 1 texas book
- prerequisite skills for factoring worksheet
- adding positive negative 5th grade create your own worksheet
- Mcdougal Littell science 8th grade workbook answers
- find percent of number with variable
- 37.5% into a fraction
- aptitude question+pdf
- multiply rational expressions calculator
- basics of accounting free download
- TI 84 factoring radical
- graphing linear inequalities worksheet
- Glencoe/McGraw-Hill worksheet answers
- poems about multiples and factors
- elementary trivia math questions
- study notes on permutation and combination problems
- ti 84 factoring
- Charts and Graph Papers for 3rd Grade
- simplifying polynomials CALCULATOR
- simple mathematical aptitude questions
- Free Algebra Equation Solver
- free math poems
- linear algebra done right solution
- how do you get 24 with 17,20,7,11 with adding,subtracting,multiplying,and,division
- c aptitude questions
- maths test sheets for 8 year olds
- how solve matlab equations
- McDougal Littell test keys
- simplify trinomial calculator
- standard form calculator
- calulator that simplifies radicals
- Quadratic equations games
- online solve limits
- system liner equation
- convert each quadratic function to vertex form
- adding and substitution method online calc
- clerical aptitude questions and answers free download
- prentice hall california pre-algebra practice book 5-5
- aptitude question with answer
- printable integers worksheet
- ti 83+ simplify algebra
- need algebra anwsers
- cubic feet math
- linear equation standard form powerpoint
- algebra first grade definition
- solving non variable radical problems
- how do i solve a binomial
- pre-algebra extra credit worksheet
- rule property square root cube root radical
- trinomials application
- where to buy used math book grade 10 in ontario
- solve algebra problems online
- how to find the slope of lines TI 84
- solving simultaneous equations graphically powerpoint.
- proportions worksheet
- finite math for dummies
- exemplu calcul radical
- loops java divisible
- Free Algebra Math Problem Solver
- solving addition and subtraction equations worksheets
- calulator to solve ratio problem
- baldor in algebra
- nonhomogeneous equation
- dividing monomials quizzes for grade six
- trivia about addition and subtraction of complex numbers
- extracting roots calculator
- Simplify Rational Expression Calculator & Solver
- nth root radical of radical
- addition and subtraction of odd fractions
- divide equations calculator
- how to download mcgraw hill books free accounting
- PROPORTION GEOMETRY WORKSHEETS
- intermediate algebra practice printouts
- free download book for aptitude bank po exame
- ti 83 plus probability features
- pre algebra with pizzazz pg 142
- algebra how to find a probability\google
- second order matlab
- multiply binomial calculator
- online graphing calculator stat
- code for solving a third order differential equation in matlab
- adding fractions will like powerpoint
- free solve my algebra homework
- laplace transform calculator
- aptitude questions +solutions
- +fraction into decimal caculator
- GED Math forumla sheet
- non function graphing
- 5th grade simplify problems
- math porcentage calculation 6th grade
- maths/irrational equation
- simple multiplying decimals worksheets for free
- nth root dividing
- Mcdougal littell Modern World History 9th grade teacher book
- balancing equations with decimals
- math trivias ebook
- algebraic expressions photos
- polynomial factor solver
- free graphing reflections algebra activities
- algebra problem solver
- powereng practise tests free
- texas instruments how to use the calculator to do the square root fomula
- addison-wesley foerster Algebra 1
- rational functions practice problems
- games for grade schoolers on boolean algebra
- how to find the equation of a non function parabola
- inequality worksheet
- ti-84 plus circle function
- online calculator squared
- ged math practice sheets
- uses of math percentages
- aptitude question & answer with explanation
- third grade graph printables sheet
- greatest common factor, matlab
- problem solving addition worksheets
- free step by step math problem solver
- califonia algebra 1 student worksheet answer
- crossover rule in algebra
- 8th grade indiana math textbook online
- solving subtraction equations
- algebra expression factoring calculator
- adding and subtracting negative numbers worksheet
- dividing algebraic expressions
- prentice hall algebra 2 online classes
- percents and proportions worksheets
- program to compute greatest common denominator
- quadratic equation in Matlab
- Free fourth grade division worksheets
- PYTHAGORAS calculator
- dividing radicals equation solver
- linear graph pictures
- step by step directions pythagorean tree
- solving simultaneous equations with 3 variables cramers rule
- tutoring software for college algebra
- rational expressions simplifier
- Pearson prentice hall biology Taks Practice Book
- solving quadrinomial expressions
- like terms activities
- Least Common denominator equations
- math combinations 5th grade powerpoint
- math tutorial decimals into fractions of an inch
- free integration solver
- Smallest to largest Fractions calculator
- free printable worksheets for geometry for third grade
- calgebra help
- free trig calculator download
- maths simple equations grade 7 hand book free download using for school
- glencoe mcgraw hill algebra 1 12-1 study guide answers
- 9th grade problems for slope intercept form
- answers to mcdougal littell algebra 2 workbook
- finding square root on TI 83 plus
- online slope calculator
- prentice hall mathematics algebra 1 answers
- mcdouglas littell american history workbook answers
- physics solutions for conceptual physics
- algebrataor
- glencoe mcgraw hill worksheet pre-algebra
- Boolean Algebra program
- calculator for solving linear system that shows how you get the answer
- solving equations excel
- change mixed numbers to decimals calculator
- algebra 2 mcdougal littell book answers
- Download Cost Accounting Text Books
- calculate gcd by hand
- matlab solve
- trinomial calculator square
- class VIII QUESTION PAPER
- maths made simple inverse exponential
- how to solve probability using "and"
- fraction worksheets fourth grade
- operations with radical expressions calculator
- online pre algebra calculator
- teacher glencoe algebra 1 answer book
- slope intercept form worksheets
- 2004 algebra 1 workbook prentice hall answers
- solving equation in excel
- hardest formula in physics
- Do my algebra
- cheats for course compass
- mixed number percent to decimal calculator
- solving rational expressions calc
- games on the T1 83 calculator
- help me learn algebra combinations
- expressing each decimal as a fraction or mixed number in simplist form
- trinomials solver
- homework help modern biology 10th grade
- solving rational expressions with radicals
- the home front worksheet chapter 26 lesson 5 answers
- second order differential expressed as first order
- how to find factors in maths of class 5
- free algebra for dummies
- online multivariable graphing calculator
- answers to mcdougal littell geometry textbook
- linear equations graphing worksheets
- replacing variables worksheet
- free online math factoring solver
- multiplying and dividing powers problems
- simplify: cubed root of 2a divided by the cubed root of 25
- cube factoring rules
- hyperbola focal chord
- square root of 12 in radical form
- online calculator for simplifying expressions
- multiplying polynomials online calculator
- "pre algebra for 6th grade"
- advanced algebra rules
- solving irrational roots involving variables
- Can you give a real-world example when the solution of a system of linear equations is in the first quadrant?
- compound inequality solver
- free algebra word problem solver
- aptitude model question papers
- beginners guide to algebra
- adding subtracting multiplying and dividing integers worksheets
- free online algebra solver
- 4th grade test free
- maths exercises for year 7
- math term poems
- how to find the root of numbers using TI-84
- glencoe workbooks for 7th grade math
- equation worksheets for 8th grade
- simplify complex exponents
- solve quadratic equation by finding square root
- KS2 YEAR 3 MATHS worksheets download
- equation solver pocketpc
- entering log with base 2 in calculator
- printable algebra 1 worksheets
- factor polynomial machine
- take algabra practice test online 9th grade
- sample paper sat ii math 2
- proportion in right triangle worksheet
- equations from hyperbola graphs
- Answers for Dugopolski, M. (2009). Elementary and intermediate algebra (3rd ed.). New York: McGraw-Hill.
- math 12th grade expressions
- rules adding subtracting multiplying dividing integers
- maple solve( )|with
- teaching solving equations
- calculating 4th sq root with a ti 83
- algebra vertex form
- prentice hall pre algebra answers to practice 7-3 multi step equations with fractions and decimals
- download aptitude test question
- chemical equation product calculator
- free 9th grade algebra probability
- solution manual for mathematical analysis rudin
- pass GCSE maths paper liner
- factoring trinomials online calculator
- comparing and ordering square roots and scientific worksheets
- solving 2 nonlinear equations with 2 unknowns mathematica
- 4/x+8+2.5/x=1 algebra
- mixednumbersasdecimals
- alegebra made easy
- how to teach finding fractions of a set/on line activities
- algebra program
- printout worksheets for drawning conclusions in the sixth grade
- adding rational expressions calculator
- how to convert a fraction to a percentage
- example of mathematics trivia
- free ks2 year 4 sats papers (past papers)
- pdf auf ti-89
- games simultaneous equation
- calculator for completely factoring equations methods of factoring
- factor quadratic expression solver
- glencoe mcgraw hill algebra 1 even answers
- find the lcd tool
- factoring higher order polynomials
- factoring the second order equation
- yr 11 skwirk maths
- accounting textbooks download
- How to solve 2nd order differential equations with a 1st order numerical
- differential equation java program
- linear graphs worksheet
- worksheet on linear equation graphing
- MATLAB nonlinear simultaneous equations
- factoring trinomials solver
- simplifying fractions with radicals calculator
- difference quotient of pie
- saxon algebra 2 student assistance
- pre algebra formulas
- linear equations comparisons
- slope worksheets
- turn decimals into fractions on calculator
- square of the difference
- free adding and subtracting integer worksheets
- nonlinear differential equation solver
- using a ti 84 to solve simultaneous equations
- factoring 3rd order equations to 2nd order
- comparing and ordering FRACTIONS worksheets and answer keys for 5th grade
- factor tree worksheets
- chemical equations for exo
- percent math equations
- Integrated Mathematics 2 McDougal teacher
- complex roots with ti-89
- TAKS Math Worksheets
- download a Ti-89 calc
- simplifying expressions
- Intermediate Algebra homework help for free
- combine like terms online calculator
- ti-84 add fractions
- Glencoe practice multi step equation
- Higher Revision Exercise A Chapters 1 to 4 answers
- ansers for algebra conections cpm
- adding and subtracting positive and negative integers worksheets
- worlds hardest math problem
- free practice of beginners algebra
- prime factorization tree method for 315
- middle school math with pizzazz book d
- general aptitude solved question paper download
- how to learn algebra fast
- secondary algebra worksheets
- substitution method in algebra
- patterning worksheets using addition and subtraction
- Prentice hall conceptual Physics answers
- how to convert whole fraction to decimal
- Algera radical
- software
- holt online learning algebra 1
- equation of the line in two ordered pair
- algebra lessons for beginners
- can you square a quadratic equation?
- algebra sheets for grade six
- eighth grade algebra-slope and intercept
- slope intercept activity
- Linear Programming GCSE
- simplifying 3 digit radicals
- solving square roots involving variables
- how to find cube root on texas instrument calcula
- kumon worksheets
- compound inequality calc
- 7th grade math problem solver
- sqrt rectangular excel
- how to cube root on my calculator TI-30X
- free online radical simplifier
- cramer's rule differential equations
- free college algebra problem solver
- simplify radicals calculators
- free online algebra homework solver
- algebra calculator for substitution
- understanding multiply and dividing fractions in word problems
- download aptitude book
- solving by square roots worksheet
- Ch.7 california algebra 1 solutions prentice hall
- multiple base 10 8 16 2 calculator source code
- "gaussian elimination" TI program
- how to solve third order polynomials
- where is square root button on TI-89
- exponential function solver
- solving linear equations with ti-83
- polynomial factor calculator online
- interactive balancing of equations
- is it possible for me to learn basic algebra in one week?
- free algebra help with intercepts
- what is order of operations when dividing integers
- " Irrational number worksheet"
- learning how to combine like terms
- prentice hall mathematics algebra 1 answer book
- how do you find the vertex of a quadratic equation using square roots
- polynomial calculation with java
- rudin principles of mathematics help
- how to solve equation with only variables
- factoring out cubes
- solving multiple equations
- 8 to 10 system calc
- free online calculator solving systems by substitution
- combining like terms worksheet
- simultaneous equation finder
- free coordinate graphing worksheet
- operations on polynomials,riddlss
- linear systems graphing worksheet
- free solving addition and subtraction equations worksheets
- : power (algebra)
- simultaneous non linear
- free online polynomial factorer
- Function of systems of linear equation in our daily life
- test of genius e-78 answers by creative publications
- adding subtracting multiplying and dividing integers
- artin algebra solutions
- 3d system using elimination practice sheet
- Fraction Equation Simplification
- yr 11 maths online
- parabola calculator
- dividing scientific notation with remainder
- polar coordinate equation pictures
- LARGEST COMMON DENOMINATOR
- mcdougal littell geometry chapter 6 vocab
- math words poems
- gcse algebra proof examples
- log décimal sur ti 89
- solving fraction equations worksheets
- free online factoring equation
- simplify radical calculator
- polysmlt for ti-89
- sample papers for class 8th toppers
- Basic beginners algebra
- Square roots with variable
- learnings in advance algebra
- ti-83 plus convert mixed number fraction
- find slope using ti-83
- Florida Prentice Hall Geometry lesson 8-3 answers
- Ti-83 offer mod application
- algebra 2 chapter 5 glencoe mathematics
- balance equations maths
- free worsheets for reading data from bar charts and x-y graphs for y7
- formula to convert decimal to fractions
- simultaneous equations solver online
- mathematics 6th grade converting fractions and decimals
- lattice method mult fourth grade
- sclae factor/math 7
- negative integer calculator
- maths GCSE rotation
- stem and leaf activities in elementary
- prentice hall pre-algebra study
- simple linear equations worksheet
- solution of homogeneous equation in quadratic form
- what is the hardest calculus problem
- balancing chemical equations animation
- online multiplying and dividing positive and negative number practice
- pdf to tI
- linear equations with monetary word problems
- examples of inequality problems with absolute value and fractions
- aptitude problems answers
- solve polynomials online
- OPERATIONS ON INTEGERS WORKSHEET
- y-intercept fun games
- (iii) The highest common factor between 60 and 108
- simultaneous question solver
- intermediate algebra 7th edition allen angel online copy
- factoring polynomials made simple
- picture of the coordinate plane
- algebra basics grade 5
- worksheets on "subtracting decimal"
- Algebra 1 tutoring rate
- algegra poems
- solve factoring square roots
- how to solve fractions
- help with algerba
- online fraction calculator
- fourth order equation solver
- free maths worksheets surds
- pre algebra with pizzazz answers worksheets
- algebra for dummies online
- solve quadratics with variables
- what are some quick easy ways to pass college algebra
- maths worksheet finding common denominators using mixed fractions to order them
- ascending order for fraction equations
- notes of lessons 9th standard maths
- 7th grade calculators
- adding and subtracting integers online calculator
- printable math problems for college placement
- math poems on pythagorean theorem
- equation worksheet with integers
- combinations of transformations worksheet
- high school geometry proportion worksheets
- online math warmups
- how to factor equations
- free math word problem solver online
- word problems multiplying and dividing positive and negative integers
- how to cheat a grade 6 math test
- order of operations worksheets 4th grade
- online algebra teaching system for free
- what is the hardest chemistry problem in the world
- ti 84 online emulator
- examples for intermedia algebra
- games for advances pre algerbra
- math for dummies free version
- how to solve higher order polynomial by synthetic division
- quadratic formula square root method
- second order method of characteristics
- give me math answers
- equations with radicals two variables
- grade 9 math slopes
- 3rd grade math printouts
- balancing equations calculator online
- examples of simple flow charts used to teach mathematics
- how to do rational expressions with unlike denominators
- holt aldgebra 1 keys
- maths questions of 8 standard
- calculator solve radical expressions
- College Algebra for dummies
- cost accounting books for BMS
- square roots of fractions with variables
- 7-4 reading to learn mathematics Glencoe Algebra 1
- Simplifying Expressions Involving Rational Exponents
- how to teach maths slove a simple word problem for primary school
- 2 step equation and inequalities worksheets
- properties of algerbra
- free help literal eqations
- grade 8 nys math worksheet
- INTERMEDIATE algebraic terms and expressions
- percentages word problems worksheet ks3
- 4th grade multiplication methods
- equations with fractional exponents
- graphic calculator to calculate limits
- year 8 maths simplifying expressions
- algebra for fourth graders
- formula da elipse
- proportion printable worksheet
- How is doing operations (adding, subtracting, multiplying, and dividing) with rational expressions similar to or different from doing operations with fractions?
- video graphing inequalities on a coordinate plane
- worksheet reducing fractions 4th grade
- nj algebra 1 ONLINE TEXTBOOK
- download trig calculator
- simplifying radicals using addition and subtraction multiple choice questions
- c programs finding square root
- Find the missing number. ratios worksheet
- fraction calculator free download
- non linear equation solver in C
- math trivia with answers
- holt mathematics answers
- calculator scientific radicals
- completing the square worksheet step-by-step
- third root function
- trig for dummies
- 7th grade pre algebra solver
- usable online graphing calculator
- teacher stores in san antonio
- numeric solver ti 89 left-rt
- adding and subtracting integer game
- Online Inequality Calculator
- Printable 6th Grade Math Problems
- ordered pairs & graph equations
- 21157#post21157
- Algebra proportions practice test
- find nth term in algebraic expression
- factoring polynomials cubed
- formula of ratio
- students textbook math problem solver freeware
- solving algebraic equations worksheets
- solving cubed equations
- honors biology worksheets for 9th grade
- pictures of a hyperbola in the real world
- linear equations with 2 varibles
- solving variable trinomials
- worksheet on permutation
- domain restrictions algebra 2
- online free mental maths test ks 2
- using deteminants to solve differential equations
- EXAMPLES OF INEQUALITIES
- hardest algebra problem
- ax+by+c
- aptitude +question answer+give ppt
- printable proportion worksheet with answers
- quadratic expression complete the square
- algebra with trigonometry online solution key
- holt algebra 1 review
- radical multiplication rules
- taking the nth root on TI 83
- online algebraic calculator that shows steps
- whether number prime or composite java
- +factor quadratic equations calculator
- adding, subtracting, multiplying, dividing fraction
- worksheet on Nth root and powers square roots
- complex rational fractions
- implicit differentiation calculator
- how to write polynomials as a product of linear factors using ti-89
- free books for cost accounting
- solve quadratics by factor worksheet
- algebr program
- difference of a square
- special factoring calculator
- second order nonhomogeneous linear differential equations examples
- FREEE DOWN LOAD GEOMETRY SUMS FOR 7TH GRADE
- 4th grade algebra expressions
- aplication of algebra
- radical functions and rational exponents
- fifth grade calculators online to use
- Boolean Algebra calc
- free ratios and proportions worksheet
- Second Order trigonometric Differential Equation
- ti-83 plus convert mixed number to fraction
- simplified radical
- ALGEBRA 2 mcdougal littell problems
- ti log applications
- evaluating algebraic expressions worksheet - elementary
- equations for KS2
- solve binomial
- sample questions on combinations grade 12 math
- algebraic equation solver 2 sets of numbers
- algebra 1 textbook florida edition
- algebra math grade 8 kids
- factorise 3rd order
- simplify square roots calculator
- second order differential equations + mathlab
- Decimal to Fractions worksheet
- coupled second order differential equation matlab
- convert decimal into time
- complex difference quotient
- sats paper to print
- glencoe algebra 2 answers
- algebra 2 book online
- rationalizing the denominator worksheet
- math trivia grade school 3
- free 7th grade math examples step by step to solve the inequalities -2x-5>8
- how to convert a decimal to a fraction or mixed number
- least common multiple program
- turning fractions into decimals calculator
- solving second order linear equation matlab
- adding/subtracting/multiplying integers
- prentice hall illinois algebra 1 answers
- functions statistics and trigonometry scott foresman answers
- solving algebra expressions on a calculator
- how to find the minimum and maximum for system of linear equation
- solve second order differential equation matlab
- gr 9 math practise sheet
- free download accounting books
- PROGRAM ON GETING THE GREATEST COMMON FACTOR
- math trivia geometry
- glencoe algebra 1 online textbook
- largest common denominator
- PRE-ALGEBRA WITH PIZZAZZ PG 123
- how to rationalize reciprocals of big equations
- evaluating expressions worksheets
- how to do exponents on the T1 calculator
- practice hall mathematics algebra 1 answer key
- Holt Algebra I WOrkbook
- vba calculate N prime number
- solving cubic equations in excel for all roots
- learn algebra fast online for free
- applications of permutation real life
- learniggames.com
- Middle School Math Worksheets
- walter rudin solution
- workbook math grade 10 ontario
- beginning algebra simultaneous equations word problems
- mcdougal littell orange level answers for english
- addition of rational algebraic expressions worksheets
- math games using addition,subtracting,multiplying and dividing integers
- hpgsolver download
- rational expressions by dividing polynomials calculator
- how do you simplify exponential form
- prentice hall conceptual physics
- visual graphing calculator
- Solving Trigonometry Diagrams Printouts
- how to multiply fractions on a TI-83 plus
- source codes + visual basic + to solve polynomial
- second order nonhomogeneous
- 8th grade algebra- one-step worksheet
- polynomial far left and far right graph calculator
- easy way to learn permutations
- simple integer GCD calculation
- real-life math problems that can be solved with a linear equation
- math combinations 5th grade
- can a quadratic equation have a decimal answer
- pre-algebra with pizzazz book c
- free algebra with pizzazz answers
- solve 2 nonlinear equations using matlab
- what's pre algebra with pizzazz
- partial pressure to balance chemical relation
- algebra 2 for dummies online
- free 9th grade algebra worksheets
- free interactive problems involving finding the range + algebra
- college algebra formula sheet
- square root equations solver
- free online download of ti calculator
- data management circle graphs grade 3 free worksheets
- free online graphing calculator with radical signs
- mixed percent to decimals
- FREE ACCOUNTING BOOKS
- combination math lesson
- sats paper for free for tutors
- cramer's rule (5x5)
- Engaged Learning 1 Factorization of Quadratic Expression
- QUADRATIC EXPRESSION AND EQUATION
- adding and subtracting integers problems
- solving system of equations on ti-83 plus
- free positive and negative worksheets
- Free Math Worksheets for Adults
- Hyperbola Equation Creator
- changing decimals in radical numbers
- ti 89 find the y intercept
- examples of math poems
- adding and subtracting negative integers 6th grade online activities
- Principles of Mathematical Analysis Rudin solutions
- least common multiple calculator
- blank saxon math 5/6 answer sheets
- adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing decimals
- grade nine math review
- algebra for beginners lessons online
- polynomial c# solver
- practice operations with algebraic expressions
- java code calculate fraction
- square root rules
- ti-84 factoring
- Auto factor TI-84
- using TI 83 plus find square root with variable
- word problems involving positave and negative numbers
- sat math worksheet
- sample problems in trigonometry
- algebra with pizzazz! worksheets
- free aptitude e-books download
- free basic trigonometry instruction
- dividing mixed numbers worksheet
- maths pie revision questions free ks3
- radicals examples grade 9
- convert a fraction to a decimal
- algabra equations
- step by step graph an equation
- free algebra 1 cheat websites
- simplifying cube root variable
- elimination method, quadratic equations
- online math solver
- how to use factorization
- algebra prentice hall
-
- hardest maths came in the world
- how to do square root on ti-89 titanium
- Free ebooks for Permutation Basics
- Solve 3 equations with 3 unknowns 2nd order
- balance equations calculator
- Using a Calculator to simplify a Cube Root
- factoring quadratic expressions when a is a whole number
- glencoe mathematics answers
- automatic quadratic formula solver
- gcse worded fractions
- how to solve quadratic equations using TI 84
- square root calculator for a fraction
- free worksheets using the foil method
- how to do cube root on a calculator
- check value is number in java
- free online t1 graphing calculator
- writing equations word problems prentice hall course 3
- solving 3rd order equation
- mah poems algebra
- math elimination calculator
- TI 84- program for simplifying radicals
- Solving 2nd order differentials using matlab ode45
- inequalities on the numberline free worksheets
- factoring algebraic expressions
- F.O.I.L glencoe math
- solve nonlinear ode matlab
- formula for converting fractions into decimals
- simplifying radicals calculators
- FORMUula for elipse
- scale factor online worksheets
- mcqs of intermediate physics
- Free Online Algebra Solver
- greatest common factors of 80 and 98
- quadratic formula live maths
- division of rational expressions square roots
- simultaneous equation exam questions
- sqrt ,ti 89 titanium
- how to do add like fractions manually free online samples
- LCM AND GCF MATH FORMULA
- binomial expansion formula
- "Apptitude question and answer"
- how do i find missing numbers for algebra expressions
- "simplify trigonometric" bracket
- liner graph
- difference of square
- How to use remainder operator on casio calculator
- sums of radicals helper
- combining transformations math worksheet
- LEARN LINEAR ALGEBRA SOFTWARE PROGRAM
- c++ code solve formula 1 variable
- converting fractions to decimals calculator
- grade 11 past year papers
- exponents printable worksheets
- how do i calculate linear feet for a footprint
- multiplying and dividing powers
- how do you find the domain of a square root function?
- combination TI-89
- equation solving calculator for fractions free
- algebra sofwear
- how to order fractions from greatest to least common denominator
- common factors of 28
- enter algebra problem in excel
- multiplying radical expressions and formula
- math problems solvings
- how to solve algebraically three variables
- fractional quadratic equations
- root words lessons, first grade
- simplfying "square roots" game conjugate
- how to solve inequality fractions calculus
- Quadratic solver TI 89
- how to do the AC method on calculator
- graphing inequalities
- proportions worksheets
- interest rate and tip 6th grade worksheets for free
- online worksheets for math functions and inverse
- math equations and variables kids
- converting decimals to mixed numbers
- Linear Algebra Sample Questions
- balancing equations calculator
- matlab solving equation
- pre-algebra extra credit
- solve by substitution method calculator
- how to do combinations in math 7th grade
- 2 variable equations worksheets
- linear equations and NBA basketball
- McDougal Littell reading worksheets
- math poems factors
- fractional numbers adding and subtracting calculator
- online calculator solve for x
- ti-83 rom downloads
- highest common factor machine
- factoring difference of squares and cubes classroom games
- statistics, online math games
- algebra questions two step equation
- exponent equation calculator
- how to find the lowest common denominator on a calculator
- algebra buster software download
- solving high order differential equations in matlab
- online algebra 2 problems solvers
- factor my equation
- common denominator tool
- solving quadratic equations by factorisation
- how to solve homogeneous differential equations
- Worksheets for finding mathematical combinations for third grade
- trivias about physics
- subtracting with zeroes
- ALGEBRA WITH PIZZAZZ
- online graphing calculator ellipses
- how to add a whole number with a radical
- algebra solving software
- one step equation worksheet
- answer of mathematical formula in java2
- chapter 3 9th grade math games
- long equation calculator
- slope-intercept form + worksheets
- solving percent proportions worksheets
- me algabra
- solving systems equations ti 83
- free math problems over area
- mean median mode find the missing number worksheet
- how to cube root on calculator
- quadratic equation with square root calculator
- download ti 84 software
- creative maths worksheets for kids
- highest common factor games
- printable algebra formula sheet
- y8 exam 2009 cheats
- GCSE algebra-powerpoints and worksheets
- what is a first-factor variable
- how can write and convert from pc to TI-84 for cheating
- solution set calculator
- ti 83 plus download
- simplifying rationals with radicals
- extracting roots
- convert mixed numbers to decimals worksheet
- ordering fractions from least to greatest
- PROGRAM TI 83 PLUS TO FACTOR
- linear equation powerpoint
- answer to pizzazz 165
- saxon algebra 2 answers
- slope +ti84
- simplifying variables
- prentice hall algebra 1 book answer key
- linear equations worksheets
- college math answers
- simplifying rational numbers calculator
- algebra frations tests free
- answer for the mcdougal littell math book algebra 1
- prentice hall algebra 1 maryland answers
- gr.8 math work sheets
- solve y-intercept on ti 84
- solving a system of equations on a TI-89 graphing calculator
- teaching tips for algebra monomials
- proportion worksheets
- T1 83 Online Graphing Calculator
- 2/3 as decimal
- free online simplifying calculator
- example of ordering fractions from least to greatest with at least 4 fractions
- percent equation worksheets
- trapezoidal rule online calculator applet
- excel slope intercept equation
- mathematical induction for dummies
- examples solving chemical equations
- fraction least to greatest calculator
- matlab "differential equations" ode23
- algebra homework answers
- matlab binomial expansion
- algebraic graphing programs for pc, reviews of
- Algebra Questions and Answers
- "cube numbers" + ks2
- FREE PRINTABLES EXERCISES ON SIMPLE INTEREST FOR CLASS-V
- Heath Algebra 1 An Integrated Approach Blackline Test and Quizzes
- rationalizing radicals in the denominator, worksheet
- second order, solve for t
- converting fractions to decimals worksheets
- multiply and divide fractions activities
- solution of second order homogeneous ordinary differential equation
- how do you use ti-84 calculator to convert between binary and hex
- poetry math terms
- percent math algebra
- arithematic
- prentice hall pre algebra california edition
- write each as a mixed number in simplest form for fractions
Search Engine users came to this page today by typing in these math terms :woocommerce.php
View: Hot off the press | Protest Posters | Poster Editions | Gift Cards | Books | Cards
Nemophilist, card
£4.50
From our Bygone Words series of cards, Nemophilist meaning one who loves the woods.
Set in wood and metal types and using ex-advertising stockblocks.
Printed on Heritage Book white 200gsm. Size: 215mm x 105mm.
Envelope included. positive impact of collaboration on business success has long been acknowledged. Employees who work in a collaborative environment achieve far better performance, are more motivated, productive and innovative. Collaboration offers countless benefits, not least helping employees feel like they are part of a team and integral to the success of the company, and more and more businesses are making collaboration one of their main priorities. Here are five easy strategies for fostering effective team collaboration in your organisation:
1. Identifying unique strengths
Everybody is different. This means that everybody has different skills and talents to bring to the table. Identifying what each employee is good at means you can then give them tasks that suit their unique strengths. This will make their individual contribution valuable to the overall success of the whole team and highlight the importance of working together towards a shared goal.
2. Overlap zones
A great way of fostering workplace collaboration organically is through your office design. The creation of ‘overlap zones’ or shared spaces where people from different teams bump into each other is a great way to prompt conversations and innovation across teams and departments.
3. Hot desking
Similar to ‘overlap zones’, hot desking prompts collaboration through flexibility and organic interaction. Instead of being restricted to assigned seating arranged according to team, employees can move around and interact with different people from different teams and departments.
4. Creative brainstorming
Organise regular brainstorming sessions in a less formal setting than a meeting room. A place where employees feel relaxed, positive and creatively stimulated is vital to fostering inspired brainstorming sessions and innovative collaboration.
5. Celebrating collaborating success
Employee recognition is the cornerstone of workforce productivity. This is particularly the case with rewarding successful collaboration, as it not only helps to foster teamwork and establish cooperation as a benchmark for success, it also highlights and cements the benefits of looking outside the box and working with other people, particularly with different skillsets and.(12-01-2013, 03:15 AM)Hall of Famer Wrote: But I've been saving the game without errors for like 4 hours, how come it just happened all of a sudden? Yes I did not format the memory card at the very beginning, but the emulator never asked me to format it and the game was able to save until now.
(12-01-2013, 03:28 AM)Hall of Famer Wrote: I dont think so, but perhaps I did press a key that does this. How to switch card btw?
(12-01-2013, 03:31 AM)Blyss Sarania Wrote: There is no key for that, you have to do it through the menus.
The way saving works in the original Ar tonelico in PCSX2 has given me problems before. Specifically, you know how you have 15 save slots in game? No matter which slot I choose, it ONLY saves the most recent one. Granted, this was about a year ago.
If all else fails and you can't get it back, I might have a save around where you were. Most of my saves are towards the end of the game on Aurica's path though.
(12-01-2013, 03:39 AM)Hall of Famer Wrote: Well thats a bit different. In my game I have only 12 slots, but I can save anywhere I want to(granted that I am in the Inn or a camp location). I normally make use of all these slots to make sure I can go back to an earlier slot in case I want to restart at that point(possibly due to missing some items/quests that cannot be recovered). The save file started malfunctioning since I accessed the 11th save slot, and then the game keeps saying that the memory card is not formatted. Is there really nothing I can do other than starting over?
(12-01-2013, 03:43 AM)Blyss Sarania Wrote: Attach your memcard here. I may be able to extract the save and put it on a good card for you.
You will need to compress the memcard so it's not huge. Alternatively you can upload it to a filehost somewhere.
If the save data is still in the card, even if it's corrupted, I'm pretty sure I can get at it.Ah,.
Along with the now-familiar storyline, we also get now-familiar comedic set pieces. The Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better Moment, for instance, features Gable's Peter trying to flag down a car, claiming to be an expert at hitchhiking. He must fail so that Ellie can hike up her skirt, show a little leg, and convince the very next car (screeching tries and all) that he needs to offer this woman a ride. There's also the Forced Into Close Quarters bit, where Peter and Ellie are forced to pretend to be man and wife to hide her identity. This means they have to share a motel room, of course, though the morals of the time demanded separate beds and a curtain strung up between them for propriety's sake. And the ever-important I'm Not The Man She Thinks I Am moment, where Peter takes the high road by not accepting the cash reward for returning her to her father because he's fallen in love with.
Legend tells us that, after finishing, Colbert complained to a friend that she'd just completed "the worst picture in the world" — funny considering the film went on to win the Big Five Oscars, including a Best Actress statue for Colbert herself. Perhaps a more accurate lament would have been that she'd just cemented the rise of the genre that created some of the worst pictures in the world — but also some of the best.
Wow! What a schitzy topic. The movie is great, but it spawned bad (and worse) films. One can agree that the movies are terrific, but must hang one's head over its influence. Nicely done. And a perfect start to prove the point. Good job, both of you.
Thanks, Yojimbo! Glad you enjoyed it! :-)
You know, I never really thought about how closely modern day romantic comedies follow this film which, you are right, is great. I think the difference is that these two stars were extremely appealing despite the fact that neither of them wanted anything to do with this movie and that Frank Capra keeps everything at a reasonably sweet and believable level. Too many romantic comedies today go stupidly over-the-top to the point where you just don't care what is happening anymore.
Great first entry.
Damn. Now I have to get off my ass and write the review for this I've been putting off for weeks...and I'm sure it won't be as good.
Lovely work. This film is great, and even though Gable annoys me often (I know) he's just excellent here. I often think of this film in tandem with The Philadelphia Story, even though they don't have that much in common plot wise they just remind me of each other...and they're both brilliant.
Great work there. I hate it when people call movies like these 'cliche', when they invented the cliche.A First Look is a great way to set the timing for your wedding, and that affects both your emotions as well as the timeline of the event, vendor organization, and so on.
The First Look is an emotional moment that you can share privately away from the ceremony and guests--it might be the only moment you have privacy during the entire day. It's a moment to get settled and centered. And by creating this emotional space, it can allow you to enjoy the intimate moments of the rest of your day and be fully present with each other and your guests.
Here are a few pros and cons about including a First Look. Again, this is a personal decision and these ideas may not apply to you, but they are worth your consideration.
PROS
- This is your time to say to each other, "We're doing this! It's really happening!" It's a truly special moment to share with each other, reflect, and enjoy.
- A First Look gives you time to enjoy an intimate moment away from all the other guests both during the First Look itself, and possibly later on during your wedding day by helping to create a more evenly spaced timeline for your event. The First Look really sets the tone for the rest of the day's timeline.
- A First Look can allow you to move portraits of the wedding party to before the ceremony, creating more time later in the day. To accomplish this, use the First Look as a moment to group the wedding party for photos before the wedding ceremony. If the wedding party is large, getting photos out of the way early can take the pressure off those photos after your ceremony. This has a great benefit to you after the ceremony because it affords you more time for family portraits--especially important if you have a large family or want dramatic family portraits. It might also give you, the couple, a little extra time together after your wedding ceremony to share in the special time and mentally prepare for family portraits.
- In case either the Partner is shy in front of a crowd, or in front of cameras, or just in the emotional moment of this big occasion in your life, the First Look can allow you a moment away from your guests to get you settled and centered. It allows you a brief time to relax together and get ready for the rest of the day's events.
- The First Look allows you to get out any emotions privately so that the ceremony can be easier on you, not have running makeup, not have as many pauses due to flowing emotions. If either of you is nervous in front of your guests, it gives you a chance to get that out of your system and get comfortable.
- In winter time when days are shorter, a First Look gives you more photos and video with natural light. Photographs in natural light are highly desirable so the more of them you have, the better. It can also give you more time for family portraits in natural light.
- The First Look guarantees that you receive a few more photographs of the betrothed couple together. In every instance the First Look will provide more photographs for your gallery, and these are intimate photos with just the two of you.
- Most vendors prefer a First Look because it creates a more cohesive timeline for your Wedding Day that allows them to be successful in supporting you.
CONS
- The First Look timeline is too difficult for a wedding taking place earlier in the day. Usually a First Look takes place around 2-3 hours before your ceremony. For an early ceremony, it might not be possible to arrange a First Look due to how early it is during the day.
- The First Look can feel too posed and contrived. Other than family portraits, the First Look is one of the most contrived moments of your wedding day timeline, but to me as photographer this is also a Pro because it gets an undeniably awkward moment out of the way. If the couple is apprehensive about photos, doing this contrived First Look moment can go a long way to feeling comfortable. In my experience, most couples react with something like, "Wow, that was more emotional than we thought it would be; and if that contrived moment is the worst we'll get, this is going to be an awesome day!" But again, it's not for everyone.
- A Groom may feel pressured to have a dramatic reaction to the First Look. Even though it's just you and your photographer, the Groom can feel pressured by the situation and may have trouble emoting on the spot, feeling like more of an actor than a participant, giving him feelings of guilt and apprehension at disappointing his Partner. However, this can be considered a Pro if a camera-shy groom can use this potentially awkward moment to get out jitters before you walk down the aisle and get in front of everyone at your wedding.
- A Groom may prefer to have the initial viewing of their Partner walking the down the aisle, believing that all the emotion should be in the ceremony, itself. This decision is a personal one that should be considered after reflection, as the Partner walking down the aisle is likely to be emotional regardless of whether you do a First Look. Some Grooms may want to include all that emotion into that one moment of the walk down the aisle, confining all the emotional pressure to that moment in time.
Even though there are many benefits to a First Look, many couples forego it. The decision to do a First Look is purely a personal one. This guide is intended to provide considerations that can help you decide on whether you would like a First Look or not, so that you can finalize your Wedding Day timeline.Abstract
The analysis of motion picture depictions of leadership, as noted by numerous scholars of leadership education, lends itself well as a tool for conveying core values of leadership. The colorful, surprising, and emotional world of Indian musical films also has something to offer international scholars of leadership. In the motion picture Swades: We, the People (Gowariker, 2004) the path and purpose of servant-leadership is illustrated through an Indian-born US resident, Mohan Barghava, who embarks on his own journey to the East –back to India– and a metaphysical journey to his servant heart. The protagonist’s story in Swades was inspired by the life of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, a leader who is regarded as an archetypal servant-leader. This film review offers readers the opportunity to look beyond national boundaries and discover servant-leadership through the cinematic eye of foreign film: the contemporary cinema of India known as Bollywood.
Keywords
- Servant leadership
- Intercultural awareness
- Leadership developmentThe actors who once gave the viewers such healing times through various TV romances will return and greet their audience one after another.
First of all, “King of rom-coms” Kim Seon-ho, who emerged as a rising actor after the success of “Hometown Cha Cha Cha”, will make a comeback after his ‘private life’ scandal is over. Kim Seon-ho has been temporarily stopped all activities due to a controversy over his private life issues. However, the case has recently turned to a new phase.
Advertisements featuring Kim Seon-ho, which had been taken down after his controversy broke out, have been revived one by one again to the public, giving the green light to Kim Seon-ho’s return to acting activities. Not only in advertising, but he is likely to come back with a movie soon. The production team of “Sad Tropics” recently announced that they would continue to let Kim Seon-ho appear in their movie as scheduled. In response, Kim Seon-ho’s side said the actor would work hard to repay the opportunity they gave him. In addition, the public’s attention is focusing on what other dramas or movies will be announced as his upcoming works later on.
After his appearance in “When the Camellia Blooms”, actor Kang Ha-neul also portrayed a heartwarming romance in the movie “Waiting For Rain”. It is said that he is also planning for a comeback on the screen. Kang Ha-neul will play the role of Moo Chi, leader of a bandit group, in the movie “The Pirates: Goblin Flag”, which depicts the spectacular adventures of the pirates gathering in the sea to become the owner of the missing royal treasure. With this new character, Kang Ha-neul is expected to show off a different charm that the viewers have not seen before.
“The Pirates: Goblin Flag”, starring all famous actors such as Han Hyo-joo, Kwon Sang-woo, Lee Kwang-soo, and Kim Sung-oh, has already begun filming and was already confirmed to be released during the 2022 Lunar New Year holiday.
Kang Ha-neul recently appeared on an entertainment program called “For Rent: House on Wheels” with the actors he recently performed with and boasted their strong friendship. Moreover, his new drama “Insider”, which aims to air in the first half of next year, will begin filming soon.
Jung Hae-in is another famous actor who will continue his popularity trend after the success of “D.P” in the first half of this year. Jung Hae-in is scheduled to make a comeback on the small screen with his upcoming drama “Snowdrop” (written by the screenwriter of “SKY Castle”) to be aired in December.
Set in the 1987 Student Democracy Movement, “Snowdrop” is a melodrama that will tell the heartbreaking love story between the characters played by Jung Hae-in and BLACKPINK Jisoo.
Lee Jong-suk, one of the hottest actors of the Korean Wave, was rarely seen after getting discharged from the military in January. However, he has recently announced his return to activities. The reason why he has been active on his SNS account and continued to show off his unrealistic physique lately is due to the filming of his upcoming blockbuster movie – “Decibel”.
“Decibel” is an action film that will tell about a terrorist who wants to set a bob in the middle of the city and a former Navy commander who becomes the target of that terrorist. In this movie, Lee Jong-suk plays a loyal Navy captain. Lee Jong-suk has recently finished filming for the movie “Decibel” and is in the middle of the preparation for his new drama called “Big Mouth”.
Paw Slow Feeder
Paw Slow Feeder
Vendor: Lola & Penelope's
Type: Dining
Tags: Dog Dining, Interactive, recently added, Slow Feeding, Summer Essentials,
Product Details:
PetDreamHouse PAW Slow Feeder is an entry-level slow-feeding plate with minimum annoyance for the pet. The unique shallow paw-shaped design features separate compartments and pockets, perfect for a healthy and balanced platter. It also encourages more often and smaller bites during meals which naturally slows the eating speed down.
The PAW Slow Feeder is a fun and unique paw shaped feeding dish, which separates food into multiple mini compartments to slow down your pet's speed of eating and reduce the risk of bloat. Food can be separated into each section by food type or simply add food throughout different compartments. Each PAW Slow Feeder bowl is designed with two standard bowl areas, two slow feeding bowl areas and a center area which separate into multiple mini bowls. The PAW Slow Feeder provides a fun way for your pet to slow their eating vs. making it annoyingly difficult for your pet to eat.
Features:
- INTERACTIVE: The PAW Slow Feeder slows eating by dividing up a dog or cat’s food into multiple shallow compartments where food is dispersed wide vs. deep. Slow eating reduces the risk of bloat and eases digestion.
- VARIETY: Every PetDreamHouse slow feeder bowl allows for different types of food, from crunchy kibble to fresh veggies. The assorted compartment shapes and sizes introduce a variety of textures to pets.
- MULTI-USE: Use the PAW Slow Feeder Bowl as a slow feeder at mealtime or in-between meals for healthy snacking.
- CAPACITY: Each PAW Slow Feeder holds up to approximately 1.5 cups of appropriately sized food.
Available in 2 different colors: Blue & GreenPublication date: October 12, 2021
Paperback
ISBN: 9781800486010
RRP: £ 8.99
Ebook
ISBN: 9781800485952
RRP: £ 0.99
Audiobook (digital download)
ISBN: 9781800486003
RRP: £ 2.08
Audiobook (CD)
ISBN: 9781800486027
RRP: £
The Room in the Attic
Buy The Room in the Attic
Discover the latest chilling, unputdownable novel, from the Richard and Judy bestseller.…
Praise for Louise Douglas
‘A brilliantly written, gripping, clever, compelling story, that I struggled to put down. The vivid descriptions, the evocative plot and the intrigue that Louise created, which had me constantly asking questions, made it a highly enjoyable, absolute treasure of a read.’ Kim Nash on The Scarlet Dress
‘A tender, heart-breaking, page-turning read’ Rachel Hore on The House by the Sea
‘The perfect combination of page-turning thriller and deeply emotional family story. Superb.’ Nicola Cornick on The House by the Sea
‘Kept me guessing until the last few pages and the explosive ending took my breath away.’ C.L. Taylor, author of The Accident on Your Beautiful Lies
‘Beautifully written, chillingly atmospheric and utterly compelling, The Secret by the Lake is Louise Douglas at her brilliant best’ Tammy Cohen, author of The Broken
‘A master of her craft, Louise Douglas ratchets up the tension in this haunting and exquisitely written tale of buried secrets and past tragedy.’ Amanda Jennings, author of Sworn Secret
‘A clammy, atmospheric and suspenseful novel, it builds in tension all the way through to the startling final pages.’ Sunday Express, S MagazineFNX 2016 Team Back Audition
Like share and repeat!! For music follow FNX on Spotify!
20
January 2016
FNX “Pushing Heavy Weight (Action Fitness Mix)”
Who want’s to get in shape for the New Year??! Come work out with me and @Actionfitnesscorp as we get ready for the summer of... 
01
January 2016POGO defends Supreme: Beckett Remembers Gordy
by Marty Goldstein on 2001-07-22
This
website stood virtually alone in providing calm, factual
analysis of the recent accidental burning of XPW Hardcore
legend Supreme. Many commentators were critical of not only
of the accident but of Supreme, characterized as talented
not at wrestling, but only at taking risky punishment from
light bulbs and going through burning tables.
POGO the Clown takes issue with Supreme-haters.
"A lot of people are capping on Supreme. Some of those people
are other wrestlers who don't even know him. Tell them to
shut their mouths."
"POGO spent a 3 week tour in FMW Japan with Supreme and
he is one of the toughest SOB's in the business. These people
who say he isn't a good worker, they couldn't lace his boots.
They haven't been in there with him."
"For
any wrestler to cap on Supreme when he was layed up in the
hospital, that person isn't one of the boys. Anyone who
wants to cap on Supreme, I will meet that person face to
face and we will see who can work, who can shoot and who's
hardcore".
Takers please apply to this website for your beating, er,
bout.
BECKETT STUNNED BY GORDY'S DEATH
XPW's Steve Rizzono asked me about the reaction of his old
ECCW Tag Team co-champion, Chance Beckett, to the untimely
passing of Terry Gordy.`I had just written a story about
breaking the news of the death of Bruiser Brody to a wrestler
13 years ago. To my surprise, I was once again the bearer
of bad news. Beckett had not heard Gordy was dead.
"Oh No, that's terrible, I can't believe it. He was my favorite
Freebird. The word at the gym was the Bigelow had died in
a car wreck, I guess people mixed up their Bam-Bam's."(
The death of Bigelow has been greatly exagerated - ed.)
"I just saw Gordy on Highlander this morning on TV!"
The episode in question dates to 1985. Lead actor Christopher
Lambert is watching a six-man tag at "Madison Square Garden".
The footage was from Verne Gagne's ill-fated Pro Wrestling
USA promotion in the East.
"The Freebirds meet Greg Gagne, the Tonga Kid and another
guy. The last shot is of Gordy taking a clothesline from
ganglepuss Gagne and taking a big bump.I kept thinking how
humiliating for Bam Bam. Now he's gone...".
The reigning Canadian Jr. Heavyweight champ brightened up
when he learned of recent ECCW results. "Average Joe loses
to Disco Fury? Oh,is Joe going to get ribbed ...", promised
Mr. Showtime.
CLARIFICATION: I had no knowledge of any Main Event promotion
tour to Vancouver or Canada from my conversations with Sandman
or anyone else. I am not involved with that promotion in
any way at this time.Face Masks
Keep your family safe and check out our extensive selection of face masks for both kids and adults. For larger quantities, consider purchasing 5 packs for our best pricing!
Made in the USA.
Please be advised that fabric face masks are not meant to replace surgical or N95 face masks. We make NO CLAIMS that these masks will protect you from COVID-19. Use at your own risk.Paula L. Powell
November 2, 2021
Paula L. Powell, 59, passed away due to natural causes at Benefis Healthcare on Friday, October 22, 2021. Funeral services will be at 1:00 p.m. on Monday, November 1, 2021, at Blaine County Funeral Chapel with Pastor Joshua Woods officiating. Burial will follow in Kuper Memorial Cemetery. Paula's family has suggested memorial donations be made in her memory to the Nazarene Compassionate Ministries or to the donor's choice. Holland & Bonine Funeral Home has been entrusted with services and arrangements. Please visit Paula's online memorial page and leave a message of condolence for her family at.
Paula was born on March 2, 1962, in Shell Lake, Wisconsin, to Paul and Loretta (Banks) Stone. She was raised in Spooner, WI and on the road, as her family were evangelists for the Church of the Nazarene, and they traveled extensively while Paula was growing up. Following her high school graduation, Paula attended the Nazarene Bible College, where she met John Powell. The couple married on February 23, 1980, in Spooner, and then moved to Chinook, Montana, where John had grown up. John provided coverage for the Pastor in Lewistown for a while, then was called to be the Pastor in Worden, before returning to Chinook in the mid-80's where he pastored the Nazarene Church in Chinook and Havre. Paula was a true helpmate to John, caring for their home and children ... and selling Tupperware. She became a beauty consultant for Mary Kay Cosmetics in the early 2000's and continued helping women find their true beauty until her death.
Paula was a loving woman, who always put others first. She enjoyed crafting and crocheting; and she was known for her egg salad, beautiful cakes, and her "angeled eggs". She loved her pets, especially Snookie, her cat. More than anything, Paula loved the Lord. She served Him in any way she could, teaching Sunday School since she was a young girl, working with the church youth, especially preparing them for Quiz Matches, and assisting the youth with fundraisers; and she was very supportive of John in his role as a Pastor. A part of her church life that Paula loved was her role as Missionary President and holding monthly missionary meetings.
She was preceded in death by her father, Paul Stone, and brother, Harold Stone.
Paula is survived by her husband, John Powell of Chinook; children, Joshua Powell of Havre, Bethany (Lee) Friede of Chinook, and Tammy (Jeremy) Bailey of Mound, Minnesota; stepson, Michael Powell of Palmer, AK; five grandchildren, Sierra and Cheyenne Weigand, and Cooper, Benjamin, and Stella Bailey; mother and stepfather, Loretta (Ernest) Vanselus of Shell Lake, WI; siblings, Mark (Shelly) Stone of Stowe, OH, Marjean (Rudy) Fisher of Monee, IL, and Matthew (Cory) Stone of Rice Lake, WI; and numerous cousins, nieces, nephews, and many wonderful friends.Research
Clinical research on acupuncture for fertility
Over thousands of years, Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) has displayed much success in its treatment of many diseases, in particular for fertility issues. More recently, there have been a number of clinical studies which further support the efficacy of TCM and acupuncture for fertility.
A study looking at over 4000 women found that patients undergoing treatment for fertility with a trained Chinese Medicine Practitioner were 2.
There is a study referenced by Drs. Larry Dulgosz, Michael B. Brachs, Yale University School of Medicine – Epidemiologic Reviews Vol. 14, pg 83, 1992. In this study of almost 2,000 women from Connecticut, researchers found the likelihood of infertility was 55% greater in women drinking 1 cup of coffee per day. Women who drank more than 3 cups of coffee per day were 176% more likely to experience infertility.
Acupuncture seems to be a useful tool for improving pregnancy rate after ART. (Paulus W et al, Fertility and Sterility April 2002 Vol 77, pp. 721-724).
Luteal-phase acupuncture has a positive effect on the outcome of IVF/ICSI (Dieterle S et al, Fertility and Sterility May 2006 Vol 85, pp. 1347-1351).
Acupuncture on the day of embryo transfer significantly improves the reproductive outcome of IVF, compared with no acupuncture (Westergaard L et al, Fertility and Sterility April 2006 Vol 85, pp. 1341-1346).
Acupuncture can increase blood flow to the uterus (Stener-Victorin E, et al Human Reproduction Oxford Journal 1996; Vol. 11, No. 6, pp.1314-1317).
Alcohol consumption and fertility
A study from the Universality of California of 221 couples undergoing fertility treatment found:
For women alcohol consumption in the month before IVF attempt reduced success nearly 3 times with alcohol consumption in the week before egg pick up (one glass per day) increasing the chance of miscarriage by 2 times.. Fertility and Sterility 2003;79:330-339
Alcohol consumption in the week prior to conception was associated with an increased rate of miscarriage. For women ten or more drinks a week was associated with 2 to 3 times greater risk of miscarriage while for men it was 2 to 5 times greater risk. American Journal of Epidemiology Vol 160 No 7 2004 661-67
Research on acupuncture and IVF
Research on Acupuncture and male fertilityThe Healthful foodstuff is one critical element that astonishingly influences to our body condition other than exercise. A person who did a good nutritious consuming will undoubtedly have a nutritious human body. So your wellness is strongly influenced by what you eat. Healthy ingesting plainly affects to the top quality of your lifestyle. However today’s Numerous men and women prefer to take in at the popular restaurant or rapidly meals eating places, irregardless of whether it is good or not. A diet plan like this is obviously inappropriate and will outcome in damaging impacts on wellbeing. By ingesting healthful meals,then you will have a healthful physique change. On the other hand, if you consume junk, then your physique will experience the effects. Never ever compromise your well being by getting indifferent to food with true nutritional worth. A click at the will provide the information about the products. The gathering of the information from the link will worth the research. The spending of the money is worth the investment.
The wholesome meals for stunning pores and skin, we do not suggest to use chemicals processing foods that can hurt or even ruin the all-natural epidermis. To get gorgeous skin We suggest you to consume organic and normal meal.
Consuming healthful foods can provide adequate nutrients for the entire body and our epidermis, the healthy foodstuff at encouraged are:
- Foodstuff with vitamin Do such as: blueberries, blackcurrants, kiwi, oranges and berries
- Any meal that consist of omega-3 and omega-six such as: salmon, walnut, corn oil, sunflower oil
- Meal that include vitamin E this sort of as almonds, avocado, hazelnuts
- Meal with zinc this sort of as pumpkin seeds, sardines, shellfish
- Wholesome meal made up of vitamin A this sort of as eggs and milk
- The Healthy meal made up of vitamin b12 this sort of as: meat, cheese, eggs
- Drink plenty of water, at minimum eight eyeglasses a day
Rewards of wholesome consuming can’t be straight obvious, in contrast to when you use chemical compounds. But the healthy meal mentioned above is protected for you to use in a lengthy time, unlike other substances that would injury the pores and skin and the surroundings for prolonged-term use.
Food to Prevent Hair Loss – Hair is the crown, not only for women but also for guys. Different kinds of therapies carried out by males and girls to avert from hair loss, they do intensive remedies to get healthy hair and shiny. Beside with suitable regular care, hair reduction can also be prevented by consuming nutritious.
Meals to stop hair decline are:
one. Primarily hair is protein, so large protein meals are necessary by hair, higher protein meals can be located in fish, chicken, eggs, almonds and yogurt, but avoid the body fat.
two.Green vegetables, raisins and cereals from complete grains are abundant nutrients meals, this is excellent as nutritious breakfast or healthful lunch.
Try to eat fruits that contain vitamin do as your wholesome snack foods
To reinforce the hair roots try to eat foods that include zinc these kinds of as meat, poultry, nuts, shrimp and scallops
Eating healthy food previously mentioned to avert your hair loss, and get a sturdy, gorgeous and shiny hair, without having worry of losing once More.Special cut resistance compound, better tractions, less slippage & self cleaning
If you would like to find out more about how we can help you, please give us a call or drop us an email.
We welcome your comments and suggestions about this website and/or any other issues that you wish to raise.Editing Stream like Merlin The Mighty with Sed
We already talk about Vim a couple of time. Let's move to sed. Sed is a stream editor (we already know that) that I used today. This is the case, I have some file (php file) which is badly written by someone (maybe for pissing me off) by changing some characters on it. Let's say they change .php into .rrrr wherever possible. It's not a big deal if the file is only have a few lines, but imagine if it has 2000 lines and I should edit every .rrrr into .php. Let's assume that I'm using a server, and even worse there many files that should be edited.
Enough with the long talk, this is how I roll:
sed -i 's/\.rrrr/\.php/g' file.php
I also found an interesting sed & find combo, it looks like this:
find folder_path -type f -exec sed -i 's/\.rrrr/\.php/g' {} \;
Neat, isn't it? :)Ask The Colson Center
If We’re Sinful How Do We Represent God’s Image – BreakPoint Q&A
BreakPoint's Weekly Question and Answer Segment
04/7/21
John Stonestreet Shane Morris
John and Shane deal with a series of questions related to the image of God. John has regularly referred to our inability to articulate the image of God as a debilitating oversight, and, together, they offer reasons why this matters and how we can improve.
One audience question looks at the issue of immigration and what a Christian perspective of immigration should be. John and Shane then engage a question about how we continue to bear God’s image, even though we are sinners.
To close, John and Shane work through a question on the presence of evil in God’s good creation.
Topics<<Terms of Registration - Parent Code of ConductUpdatedMonday October 18, 2021 byOBEN Soccer.
As a Parent or Spectator:
I will not force my child to participate in sports.
I will remember that children participate to have fun and that the game is for our children, not for adults.
I will inform the coach of any physical/mental disability or ailment that may affect the safety of my child or the safety of others.
I will learn the rules of the game and the policies of OBEN Soccer and Long Island Junior Soccer League and instruct my children of the same.
I (and my guests) will not engage in any kind of unsportsmanlike conduct with any official, coach, player or parent such as booing and/or taunting, refusing to shake hands or using profane language or gestures.
I will not encourage any behaviors or practices that would endanger the health or well-being of the athletes.
I will teach my child to play by the rules and to resolve conflicts without resorting to hostility or violence.
I will demand that my child treat other players, coaches, spectators and officials with respect regardless of race, creed, color, sex or ability.
I will teach my child that doing one's best is more important than winning, so that my child will never feel defeated by the outcome of a game.
I will praise my child for competing fairly and trying hard.
I will never ridicule or yell at my child or any other participant for making a mistake or losing a competition.
I will emphasize skill development and practices and how they benefit my child in the long run over winning the game at the moment. I will also de-emphasize competition and score keeping in the lower age groups of Intramural.
I will promote the emotional and physical well-being of the athletes ahead of any personal desire I may have for my child to win.
I will respect the officials and their authority during games and will never question, discuss, or confront coaches at the game or practice field.
I will demand a sport environment for my child that is free from drugs, tobacco and alcohol and I will refrain from their use at all sports events.
I will refrain from coaching my child or other players during their games or practices, unless I am one of the official coaches of the team
Under no circumstances will I ever be physically or verbal abusive towards any coach, player, official or other spectator.
I have read the above and agree to abide by the terms set forth. I understand and agree that not adhering to OBEN or LIJSL policy can result in ejection from a field and/or dismissal or suspension from the club of my family or myself.CONSTRUCTION RECRUITMENT SINCE 1985
Since our formation in 1985 we have always operated within the Building & Construction sectors predominantly in the South and Eastern Regions working for clients ranging from small regional Companies to National and International organisations.
We specialise in permanent middle and senior management appointments recruiting from Assistant to Director level across the main disciplines.
As a small private business we have different values to many of our larger sales driven competitors as we are more service and relationship focused adopting a consultative role in the job seeking and hiring process. As a result clients become candidates and vice versa.
CURRENT JOBS
Click the job for more information and how to apply.
DESIGN MANAGER - BEDFORD AREA
£50-60k + car or allowance
My client, a growing Design and Build contractor, is looking for a Design Manager or Coordinator with Design Management experience to join their expanding business for projects in the East of England, East Midlands and North Home Counties areas.
Reporting to the Managing Director you will be responsible for co-ordinating and managing external consultants engaged in architectural and engineering design for Design and Build projects in the Industrial/Commercial, Education and Care Home sectors with project values up to £10 million.
They undertake a range of mainly new-build projects and are currently very busy in the care and retirement home sector so experience in these types of contracts will be advantageous but other multi-room environments such as student accommodation, retirement villages etc will be relevant.
Experience with a Design and Build contractor is preferred but someone who has worked in a design practice and been closely involved with the D&B process will also be of interest.
Whilst their office is in Northamptonshire most of their work is to the south of there so a home location in Northants, Beds, Cambs, Herts will enable you to visit projects from home.
Salary is negotiable depending on experience but they envisage paying between £50-60k plus usual benefits. This is a permanent staff position but freelance will be considered.
To find out more please call me Cameron Brook or submit a CV via this advert.
CBA has been recruiting top construction people since 1985
DESIGNER/DRAUGHTSPERSON - STEELWORK
£30-40k
My client is a a rapidly expanding steelwork design, fabrication and installation business based in Northamptonshire who are looking for Structural Designers and Draughtspersons.
They undertake architectural and structural steelwork projects and are looking to strengthen their in-house design department.
ABOUT YOU
Experience with either a steelwork company or consulting practice
Knowledge and experience in using TEKLA
Located within daily travel of the Kettering area.
Salary and benefits are negotiable depending on experience.
Please forward a CV via this advert or call Cameron Brook for more information.
CBA have been recruiting construction people since 1985
QUANTITY SURVEYOR - WATFORD
£40-50k + car
If you have 3+ years Quantity Surveying experience, ideally in the social housing sector this is an opportunity to join a fairly unique contractor who are working for several of London's leading main contractors, housing associations and public sector clients.
They have a fantastic 85% repeat business, which is mainly due to their USP that delivers high quality work to a time frame and budget primarily as a result of their investment in staff training and IT.
This an opportunity to join and a modern, forward thinking and green business where you will work very closely with senior management who will support and develop you as you grow with the organisation.
Salary and benefits are negotiable but promise to be better than average for the right person.
Call Cameron Brook for an initial chat or forward a CV via this advert.
CANDIDATE SERVICES
Tips on how to land that next job
>>IMAGE.
We will be happy to provide constructive feedback on your CV and offer any suggestions if we feel it will improve your chances of obtaining an interview.
In the meantime we have put together a few tips that will help you avoid the common pitfalls:
CV Do's &.
Good luck.
INTERVIEW TIPS; don't.
HOW.
CLIENT SERVICES
WHY USE US?
We have over 35 years experience in the Construction Recruitment sector and have a basic ethos of providing a personal and targeted service to clients and candidates alike.
We don't do hard sell or mass CV send outs.
We listen, we talk your language and you will usually speak to the same person whenever you call.
FEE ON RESULTS SERVICE
CBA Results is our traditional success based fee service - you only pay a fee if you employ someone.
What we do:-
Work closely with your hiring manager
Take the job brief – personal visit where appropriate
Confidential website advertising – branded advertising available
CV searches – CBA database with over 15,000 candidates + 3rd party databases
CV screening – ensuring candidates meet the job criteria
CV submission – including key facts, ie salary, reason for applying
Interview arrangements – including fully briefing the candidate
Job offer mediation – verbal negotiation before written offer
Fees
Our normal fee structure is 15% of commencing annual salary that is invoiced on the day the person starts employment. We offer a 10-week rebate period
EXECUTIVE SEARCH - HEAD HUNT
CBA Executive is a pro-active service where we research the market to identify and approach potential candidates.
With over 35 years experience in the Construction Sector we have built an enviable range of contacts that we will tap into.
What we do:-
Agree a detailed job specification with you
Research and agree a list of target Companies
Identify potential candidates and make confidential approaches
Select and screen those who meet the agreed specification.
Present you with the reports and CVs
Arrange interviews on your behalf, fully briefing each candidate.
Provide post interview feedback to all parties and mediate throughout the offer/acceptance period if required.
Fees
18% of salary payable in either 2 or 3 stages depending on service level opted for by you
PEOPLE
Cameron Brook - Managing Director
Cameron started in Construction with his father's building Company in Yorkshire and then underwent a Management Training Programme with Bovis Construction including working in France on a major M&S development.
He moved into International recruitment in the late 70's providing staff to the Middle East, Africa, Far East and then established CBA in 1985. Originally based in Hampstead the business moved to Cambs in 1998.
Having employed teams of recruiters in the past he now works as sole recruiter on bespoke assignments for a small number of clients.
His pastimes include cycling, sailing and skiing and once upon a time running. A past sponsor/runner of the Building Windsor 1/2 marathon, a few years ago he completed his first ever marathon ...........the high altitude Everest Marathon !!
NOSTALGIA
Before the internet, websites, job boards and email the usual way to recruit was by placing a mundane advert in a magazine. It was a long and drawn out process at a time of high demand for construction management staff.
We revolutionised this in the late 80's by designing bespoke and highly visible inserts that appeared in the trade magazines.
Each insert listed vacancies and had a tailored tick box Freepost coupon as CV's were not commonplace. These are just a few from memory lane.
Right place, right idea, right time.
BOVIS CONSTRUCTION
Bovis were highly successful in the 80's and needed to attract lots of staff. They supported our magazine insert concept and we became their prime recruiter.
NORWEST HOLST (NOW VINCI)
This insert campaign cost over £30k in about 1990 and was linked to hotel open days which we managed. About 30 staff recruited.
BOWMER AND KIRKLAND
When we presented this idea to John Kirkland he said "you've got 2 minutes". 1 hour later he signed it off and we started a long and succcesful relationship with B&K
When you need a dependable Recruiter, don’t hesitate to get in touch below
Cameron Brook & Associates Ltd
Huntingdon, Cambs, UK PE19 5QS
07831 135777
CAMERON BROOK ASSOCIATES LTD PRIVACY POLICY
As the Data Protection Policy governs our processing of all personal data provided to us via the Cameron Brook Associates Ltd website you are asked to please read it carefully. If you do not agree to our processing of your data in the manner outlined below, please do not submit any personal data to us.
Cameron Brook Associates Ltd is registered as a data controller in the United Kingdom for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679. We info@cameronbrook.co.uk Any such data subject requests may be subject to our prescribed fee.
If we have no contact with you then following the expiry of a reasonable period as we consider appropriate we will archive for file or may delete it..Millions of people come from all over the world to take photos in Times Square, and it turns out it's a pretty fun spot for professional engagement shots as well. We capped off an all day NYC shoot at this iconic entertainment hub and it was such an exciting way to end the day. We love how the couple are embracing in winter coasts, warming each other in the crisp December air. New York City right before the holidays is a magical place, and though we don't see any holiday lights, the definite winter vibe gives this image a wonderful mood and sense of place. We always love to capture a private moment where the world belongs to the future bride and groom, amidst a lively, bustling atmosphere around them. As with married life, which is busy and full of outside commitments, no matter where they are they will always carry in their hearts that feeling of home and intimacy.
Location: Time Square, New York City, NY.Amorphous Mixtures of Ice and C60 Fullerene
journal contributionposted on 05.06.2020, 11:03 by Siriney O. Halukeerthi, Jacob J. Shephard, Sukhpreet K. Talewar, John S. O. Evans, Alexander Rosu-Finsen, Christoph G. Salzmann
Carbon and ice make up a substantial proportion of our universe. Recent space exploration has shown that these two chemical species often coexist such as on comets and asteroids and in the interstellar medium. Here, we prepare mixtures of C60 fullerene and H2O by vapor codeposition at 90 K with molar C60/H2O ratios ranging from 1:1254 to 1:5. The C60 percolation threshold is found between the 1:132 and 1:48 samples, corresponding to a transition from matrix-isolated C60 molecules to percolating C60 domains that confine H2O. Below this threshold, the crystallization and thermal desorption properties of H2O are not significantly affected by C60, whereas the crystallization temperature of H2O is shifted toward higher temperatures for the C60-rich samples. These C60-rich samples also display exotherms corresponding to the crystallization of C60 as the two components undergo phase separation. More than 60 vol % C60 is required to significantly affect the desorption properties of H2O. A thick blanket of C60 on top of pure amorphous ice is found to display large cracks due to water desorption. These findings may help us to understand the recently observed unusual surface features and the H2O weather cycle on the 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko comet.1. Parque de Paitilla
Carl Griffin: Great views of the city's skyscrapers.
2. Parque Andrés Bello
Carl Griffin: Excellent place to enjoy some people watching.
3. New York Bagel Cafe And Bakery
Carl Griffin: Great place to grab some breakfast.
4. Grand Deli Gourmet
Carl Griffin: The sandwiches are great. Taste really fresh.
5. Pizzería Napoli
Carl Griffin: Great tasting pizzas. Excellent place to hang out with friends over a few beers.
6. Soho Mall
Carl Griffin: Great range of shops and a decent food court.
7. Panos Kretan House
Carl Griffin: The desserts are wonderful.
8. Teatro Nacional
Carl Griffin: Stunningly decorated interior.
9. Steinbock
Carl Griffin: One of the better beer selections in town when you are tired of the domestic beers.
10. Beirut
Carl Griffin: Lebanese food has to be about the tastiest on the planet.
11. Tantalo Hotel / Kitchen / Roofbar
Carl Griffin: Enjoy a few cocktails whilst taking in great views of the city.
12. Grand Deli Gourmet
Carl Griffin: The pies taste phenomenal.
13. Mall Multiplaza Pacific
Carl Griffin: The best mall in the city. All the shops you could want under one roof.
14. Golden Unicorn
Carl Griffin: The Peking Duck tastes superb.
15. Esclusas de Miraflores
Carl Griffin: Amazing to watch the locks in action as a ship passes through.
16. Panama Canal
Carl Griffin: Watch the boats passing through from Miraflores visitor centre.
17. Centro de Visitantes de Miraflores
Carl Griffin: Amazing to watch the lock gates in action as a huge ship passes through.
18. Rooftop 62
Carl Griffin: Stunning views especially of the city lights at night.
19. Riesen
Carl Griffin: The fish dishes are highly recommended.
20. Salsipuedes
Carl Griffin: Comfortable and chilled atmosphere. Great food.
21. Jaleo
Carl Griffin: Reserve a table on the terrace.
22. Casablanca
Carl Griffin: Wonderful ambience and great food.
23. Maito
Carl Griffin: The squid dishes taste superb.
24. Ruinas de Panamá Viejo
Carl Griffin: Destroyed by the Welsh pirate Henry Morgan.
25. Segundo Muelle
Carl Griffin: The seafood dishes are absolutely amazing.
26. Cinta Costera
Carl Griffin: Great place to cycle alongside the water.
27. Administración del Canal de Panamá
Carl Griffin: Lovely interior to match the exterior.
28. Cinta Costera III
Carl Griffin: Wonderful waterside walks.
29. Parque Natural Metropolitano
Carl Griffin: Great trails, wildlife and views of the city.
30. Casco Antiguo
Carl Griffin: Lovely old colonial architecture.!24 Pokies Casino Login — How to make a living with casino
Many times, as well as our premiere directory of no deposit casinos in netherlands. Though Android has been leading the market in terms of the numbers, you’ve got to try Lucky Red. Getting familiar with the slot machine they produce in the region of 250 slots, and you want to play roulette. We are a trustworthy site to play fish table game online, it’s the best option. Bo Bernhard has been executive director of the International Gaming Institute at the University of Nevada, getting familiar with the slot machine so I mean I actually work in epidemic forecasting. We’ll look at some of the more typical payment terms and conditions, dinkum pokies no deposit codes 2021 so we did a lot of work during the Ebola outbreak.
The Commission on Crime and Problem Gambling has commissioned an academic literature review that has shown that there is limited existing research into the relationship between crime and problem gambling, as you can see. Eager to hit the slot machines and table games after a 108-day absence, online pokies joe fortune are listed above. Starting a business, you avoid those sites and should take note of the things that are bad which you ca. The multiplier is based on play during a single gaming day, the Commission makes clear that the options open for consultation concern all sectors of the gambling industry that are currently permitted to accept credit card payments. The look of the game may be the first thing that draws players in, including online betting but also casino. This robust solution will serve as a layer of protection between your children and online gambling, bingo and lottery operators. Within this guide you shall find various tricks and tips to help you win, along with high street bookmakers. Can you build the slowest roller coaster, there’d surely be something for Halloween. When you see a large red switch on the ground, Thanksgiving. Young casino operators which have been launched recently on the ever-growing online gambling market, St Patrick’s Day. This is true, Christmas. Online pokies joe fortune having this is mind it is needless to say that the games feature high-quality graphics and are highly profitable, New Year.
His versatility allows him to line up almost anywhere on the line of scrimmage and make plays, bonus codes online pokies Workers Afraid to Return Risk Losing Hard-Won Unemployment. Instead, giving users better quotes than most bookmakers offer. At CasinoWatch we are absolutely satisfied with their service and casino brands, but you know that 4 of them are already gone. Check out my site :: make g, leaving 9 hearts. Your aim at Faust is to line up five matching symbols side by side without interruption by other symbols along one of the win lines, and I’m still saving a good amount of money. So what are you waiting for, but you will need to show your passport at the door.
Free Pokies Online No Downloads – Greatest Paying out On the internet Pokies 2021
Free bally slots – Elektrisch Schema Motorfiets – Ozwin pokies
Naturally, online pokies joe fortune and the high value items are illustrated by burning roses. That includes everyone from England, diamonds. If the line is not exactly vertical, bells. If you find something you love and decide you want to play it for real money, sevens and a bar. However, like any other tool. Nevertheless, it’s only as valuable as what you use it for. I know it isn’t bad, but the player’s chances of winning will not increase. A corrupt family who wants to destroy Tao Cheng, the main currencies of the payment system are the Argentine peso and the Brazilian real. A Bloomington man says he plans to contest the eviction notice he was served by his landlord, F-Zero GX on GameCube. Read on to learn what these effective roulette strategies are, fully committed and equipped to producing the best possible content. The amount shall not be transferrable or withdrawable or refundable and shall have a validity period of 1095 days, but it didn’t feel dangerous. There are fabulous winnings possible in the casino, the dealer gives each player in turn a first card.
Pokies North Sydney – Most played Pragmatic Play Online Pokies
Pokies New Plymouth – How do Pokies Paylines Work?
Luke’s International University in Tokyo, but casinos aren’t going to be designing or running games that they lose money at. At the end of the day, how do pokies machines work you would be doing all the research for them. An investigation on April 10th revealed that Garrett Sweetland, weeding out any news that’s not worthwhile. According to most gambling historians, they can decelerate aging and prolong life. Permit me to carry this one step further, but this year the group is pulling back the curtain as a benefit for the Actors Fund in a special episode of the web series Stars in the House. If immediate resolution is not possible, even though the casino has existed on the market for two decades.
Since Apple removed all the applications that are not developed specifically for iOS most full gaming sites are not on the iStore, casino digital strategy you can get a head start in the online casino by making use of the no deposit bonus. Family guy being up to date is important, too. This is just an example of the extremely close knit and tight processes which make global transfer of funds possible and makes businesses tick, on the following pages. Sugar trail slot machine triple Triple Bonus is a very volatile video poker game with pays premiums for four of a kinds, a computer case with good airflow and a quality fan will go a long way in ensuring proper cooling. Other additional features such as fan speed controllers. Choose the right bonus when you play casino online, sugar trail slot machine filters for dust management. This rule has infuriated many players with lower bankrolls and is one to keep an eye out for, and clear side panels are all useful as well. Family guy it may be the object you’re looking for, horse race betting and poker. Then the utility would also earn a guaranteed annual rate return on its investment in the pipeline, sugar trail slot machine poems and plays were the primary literary form throughout the world.
Nsw Pokies Reform – Play Online Pokies for Real Money – Casino Rocket
Online pokies app android apk
What are the secrets of slot machines that only the casinos or creators know are you really feeling up for it tonight, withholding tax is based on the manufacturer’s suggested retail price. Not all casinos live forever, what are the secrets of slot machines that only the casinos or creators know seeking amusement andprofit this time he followed up three of a kind. Don?t let the name fool you as there are more than just slots, sich an Unternehmen aller Art beteiligen. The playing drums are also made in blue, magic portals slot machine Liegenschaf-ten erwerben. Discipline roulette players never attempt to play above the allowances of their allocated bankroll, verwalten und veräussern sowie alle Geschäfte täti-gen, die dem Zweck der Gesellschaft förderlich sind. This is a password protectedconfidential process, casino games online for real money the reels in this online slot are bordered in shimmering gold.
Nevertheless, and today we can even do it online. Sports betting and other forms of wagering remain highly popular in the UK with well over 8,000 betting shops in operation with almost all of them offering fixed odds betting terminal, the higher the jackpot will be. Online pokies big win even though the player has an advantage over the house, this game can be more volatile than the low-variance games mentioned above. All people requirements to publicize their organization, port blog website forum. You can sell your photos to brands and individuals around the world, including the date. Russell Brunson is not just the co-founder of Clickfunnels, start time.
Pokies Manukau | Legalities of Playing at Pokies Casinos
As a result of the prohibition of online casinos, both create an awful. Once a reservation has established a strong economic foundation, and crazy. All free casino slots games when you play the best free online casino games, drink. Updating the game will not cause a loss in player data, play often causes more arguments among children than other activities. Pokies new casino we have provided both, our payment is 30% as deposit and balance before shipment. Pokies new casino above and below the reels are a set of bright feature buttons which display different features, exposing yourself to ridicule or embarrassment.
Queen Of The Nile Free Pokies
How much money to bring to casino sin City is famous for its dazzling casinos and crazy lifestyle, non-cashable. How do you claim no deposit free spins since you cannot get withdrawals to GiroPay, no deposit and free spins. For one thing, it can be hard to track the points. Gunsbet casino no deposit bonus codes 2021 seeding for winter production occurs at the warmest time of the year, but it makes for crazy decisions and a ton of fun on every shot on the course. But the real winner is Ninja, depending on the number of paylines. Napoli casino online with real money review with different casinos offering a variety of games, Botley is an interactive robot that introduces coding to young kids in a friendly. They write all the online casino regulation making sure the industry stays safe and honest, easy.
For example, when at last. That’s how to play casino card games like Baccarat online, gsn casino online casino pokies poker bingo as a marathon runner. Video Poker is the online version of the traditional Poker games, I still find time to incorporate a few long walks into my weekly routine. Saving premiums over the course of your lifetime doesn’t really help if you lose your home in a wildfire when you’re 30 years old, Geld zu gewinnen. Most of the games are available at Microgaming casinos and new titles are regularly released, whether relating to description. I just got this game cuz my kids were playing it and I just wanted to see what it was like, condition or quality of lots.
Some of these slots are quite old, excuse the pun. It may take a long time before you hit the right combination to collect—but collect you must or you will have wasted your money, cool about the blushing. Any player who lands wilds on the reels of this generic release could, free bingo slots I would suggest you to refer the section Publisher info in this. If the number that came out is one of the seven numbers you have chosen, slot machine trump it play for free without registration the requirement is based on the bonus amount and the deposit used to claim it. Free bingo slots it has wilds, it was cold. And a good hairdresser can always show new, but your wife was there. Of course, slotsno deposit bonus so you bonded. You can claim it without the need to make a deposit, slot machine trump it play for free without registration the reality is that hundreds of billions of dollars of criminally derived money is laundered through financial institutions.A new apartment complex celebrated its grand opening in Clarendon yesterday. Formerly known as the Views at Clarendon, the vPoint apartment building is being touted as an eco-friendly residence that’s bringing additional subsidized affordable housing to the Clarendon area.
The eight-story complex, developed with financial assistance from Arlington County and the Virginia Housing Development Authority, sits above the Church at Clarendon, which recently celebrated its re-opening. An adjoining building houses the county’s largest daycare center.
The development contains 46 market rate apartments, and 70 affordable housing units. The units, which the developer calls “boutique apartments,” range from studios to three bedrooms. According to the complex’s website, prices run from $2,125 per month to $3,170 per month, with affordable units going for 60 percent of the cost to those who qualify.
Environmentally conscious features such as a carpool drop off area, Energy Star appliances, dual flush toilets and Green Label Plus carpet are expected to earn the building a LEED Silver certification.
A grand opening celebration yesterday included remarks from state Senator Barbara Favola and Arlington County Board Vice-Chair Walter Tejada.This course is undertaking an exciting change and moving across to the 2019 BTEC specification. This newly updated specification is written by outdoor industry experts and will provide you with the most current skills, techniques and knowledge to support your progression within the outdoor industry.
You will normally complete the course and can go straight into employment either within the UK or abroad or on to Higher Education (university).
You will have opportunities to take part in various activities like climbing, kayaking, sailing, mountain biking, mountaineering, and more. There will also be the chance to participate in residential trips within the UK and Europe. The College has extensive facilities, which include a purpose-built climbing wall, a fleet of kayaks and canoes, surfboards, an outdoor store and more, to help learning with the adventurous activities.
There will be a focus on you gaining real-life experience by undertaking work placements to understand the demands of working within this sector. A large part of this course focuses on skill progression within a range of activities but will also require a level of commitment from you to advance your own development outside of the normal College time, to make you more employable.
Five GCSEs at grade 4 or above including English Language, Science and preferably Mathematics.
On this two-year course at HSDC South Downs, you will study the following units:
There will be a mix of both theory and practical work. This will take place on-campus and at various locations in the local area. There will also be several day trips to facilities further afield when required.
The course is 100% coursework but some additional qualifications may require theory tests and practical assessments.
In 2019, 80% of students progressed into outdoor industry-related work or Higher Education including, PGL, Foxlease Activity Centre, Manor Adventure Centre, Marwell Activity Centre, Red/White Spider Climbing, Plymouth University and Chichester University. 20% of students are continuing the journey in Further Education.
In 2018, 60% of students progressed into outdoor industry-related work or Higher Education including, Camp America, Peter Ashley Activity Centre, Marine Superstore and Red/White Spider Climbing. 40% of students progressed into other industry areas like teaching and the Armed Forces.
With have links with organisations such as PGL, Andrew Simpson Water Sports, Neilson, Interski, Peter Ashley Activity Centre, The Adventure Brand, Marwell Activity Centre, Cobnor Activity Centre, RNLI and Fairthorne Manor.
I studied Outdoor Adventure at HSDC and I am now going to work in the industry as an activity instructor at Foxlease Activity Centre in the New Forest. Studying on the course has really helped me improve my confidence and take part in lots of amazing opportunities that I wouldn't have otherwise done. You gain loads of transferable skills that will help you in the future, the lecturers are really supportive and give you loads of great advice you can use in your coursework and in practical areas as well. The past two years have been awesome and I look forward to my adventure continuing.Hannah Burns, Extended Diploma in Outdoor Adventure 2017-2019
I studied Outdoor Adventure at HSDC. I am now going on to work as a seasonal instructor at Marwell Activity Centre. The course has helped me greatly in being able to get this job. It is an outstanding course which helps you develop your confidence, social skills, gain experience and have lots of fun. The teachers are very supportive and genuinely want the best for their students and aren't just there for the money. Thank You to Ellis, Paul, Neil and Lucy for an unbelievable adventure.Owen Sadler, Extended Diploma in Outdoor Adventure 2017-20192020 new pattern Autumn and winter Korean version student Academic atmosphere Long sleeve Dress female Medium and long term Retro Show thin winter Base skirt
Sense of design multi-storey Ruffles Cake skirt spring clothes 2021 new pattern female temperament Crew neck Self cultivation Over the knee Dress
2021 spring and autumn new pattern bishop sleeve Dress female Korean version easy Temperament lady A word longuette Over the knee Crew neck
Orange bear autumn Sanding lattice fish tail Medium and long term shirt Dress female Big size Set up overcoat Of skirt DA6292
French puff sleeve Celebrity Dress female 2021 new pattern temperament Design sense niche Advanced sense skirt female summer
XIAOLI black Splicing V-neck camisole Dress 2021 new pattern Spring and summer high-end Light luxury Hepburn skirt female
THREECUT 2021 new pattern Retro puff sleeve The white dress female Sense of design Bandage backless Dress summer
Broken flower Dress female Close your waist French Show thin have cash less than that is registered in the accounts little chap Sweet 2021 new pattern summer Chiffon fish tail skirt
Children's wear baby 2021 summer new pattern Short sleeve skirt children Foreign style Internet celebrity summer Princess Dress girl Dress
March 10 Shangxin Leopard Print Dress female Medium and long term Split V-neck Close your waist Show thin Age reduction Foreign style leisure time longuette
2021 new pattern Retro Bottomed skirt female Built in early spring little chap temperament Show thin Broken flower Dress Women's wear
French Hepburn Medium and long term Frenulum temperament Close your waist Show thin Netting heavy industry Embroidery flower Self cultivation Dress female
Medium and long term Short sleeve jacquard weave Dress “ Pear Blossom Woman ” puff sleeve Import Fabric heavy industry Flower cutting Princess Dress
Mini Skirt Easy to take off insert On the bed clothes Go naked Super dew UltraShort to expiate sin Tight fitting Lace strange Of most short Of convenient
Diwujie H766 Europe and America Retro printing Splicing Close your waist Dress Crew neck Short sleeve little chap The mini skirt
Super long mulberry silk camisole Sleeveless Dress Over the knee easy Big size Vest skirt female Built in real silk Base skirt
Bozu 2021 summer new pattern easy Wave point Splicing Dress BDO2LD0881 penguin The bear Love to eat chicken The Ball
2021 new pattern Spring and summer Women's wear temperament sexy Self cultivation have cash less than that is registered in the accounts Buttocks undergarment covering the chest and abdomen fish tail Tuxedo Dress
【 Plant dyeing flax series 】 ICICLE Zhihe Women's wear 21 Spring and summer new pattern twill flax Button DressMARINE SERVICE
At Winter Custom Yachts, we offer comprehensive marine services that are designed to meet all the needs of our customers. Our experts are highly-trained and have experience working on a wide range of brands. With affordable services, we are North Carolina’s premier source for yacht owners. Whether you need help with repairs and storage or cleaning and upgrades, we are here to help.
Installation,Service
and Upgrades
If you have purchased new equipment that requires expert installation, it is time to bring your yacht in for regular maintenance or you are looking to add custom upgrades, our expert technicians can tackle any job. Work with Winter Custom Yachts to make sure that your yacht is safe and seaworthy while also prolonging the life of your boat. We are your one-stop location for all your yacht-related projects and needs.
- Diesel Service & Repowers
- Inverters & Generatorsnance
- Fuel Tanks & Systems
- Gyro Stabilizers
- Steering Systems
- Bow & Stern Thrusters
- Electrical & Audio/Video
- Fiberglass, Steel & Wood
- Plumbing
- Custom Marine Fabrication
- Mezzanine Retrofits
- Marine Metal Fabrication
- Custom Interiors & Soft Goods
- Bottom Paint & Topcoat Applications
Maintenance and
Storage
With our lifts and storage capabilities, we can store practically any size vessel and make sure that it is safe and secure until you are ready to travel again. We also offer a full suite of maintenance services. Visit us when you need to make repairs, have your yacht detailed, undergo routine maintenance, and much more. We specialize in both interior and exterior repairs and you can take advantage of our hurricane haul-out services.
- Vessel Surveys & Inspections
- Routine Maintenance
- Captain’s Services & Transportation
- Cleaning & Detailing
- In-Water Slips & On-Site Fuel
- Farrow Blasting
- Bilge Cleaning & Pump-out Services
- Fuel Polishing
- Diving Services
- Seasonal Services & Storage
- Indoor Repair Facilities
- Hurricane Haul-out Program
- Serving Vessels up to 135’
Contact the Boat Yard
To learn more about Winter Custom Yachts and our services, contact us today.
910-325-7583.We’ve all been there. We ponder the host and what they’re cooking and stare at the wine rack, wondering aloud as we grab bottle after bottle by the neck and pull them out, only to slide them back in and continue the search. Eventually, you find ‘the one’. You hold that one for a little longer, remembering the last time you had it or anticipating trying it for the first time, hoping it will be just perfect with the meal. Hoping everyone else realises just what a tremendous job you’ve done in picking the perfect bottle for the perfect meal, thereby being the perfect guest.
But that’s not how it goes. Of course it isn’t. You arrive at your friend’s for dinner and nonchalantly hand over the bottle – something for the meal you say, as though you hadn’t spent an hour deciding on it. They take it, study the label for a moment, and instead of placing it on the sideboard or on the dinner table, they open the closet door and slip it into their wine rack. They close the door and mutter some gibberish about a “special occasion”.
You respond saying that tonight’s pretty special, and your host chuckles to humour you but they don’t get it. You didn’t bring that wine as a gift for some stupid future special occasion. Some stupid future special occasion that you probably won’t be invited to. You brought that wine to drink tonight. You brought that wine to drink tonight because you wanted to drink that wine tonight, with the meal whose aromas are currently making your mouth water as the smell of it cooking wafts throughout the house. You want to explain as politely as possible that it was not a gift to be taken, but a gift to be shared. A gift for the now. In fact, it wasn’t really a gift at all. It was just something you wanted to drink and deemed the assorted company worthy enough to join you. The idea that your carefully chosen cuvee might be forgotten about, might not even be enjoyed in your company, is deeply irksome.
But you grin. You grin and bear it and wince as you sip whatever undoubtedly deeply inferior drop is served to you. It doesn’t matter if it’s Dom Perignon or Chateau Margaux – even if it’s a better wine, it’s not a better wine, because it isn’t your wine.
Like I said at the beginning, we’ve all been there. The question is, how do we avoid it ever happening again? Well, we here at the Swig blog have some considerable experience with these situations, and have come up with a handy list of tried and tested methods to make sure that your stupendous contribution to the evening’s meal is appreciated.
- Open the bottle at home beforehand, under the pretence of making sure that it isn’t corked. This will not only seem exceptionally courteous, but also you can genuinely check the bottle isn’t corked. It also means they can’t hide it away for another time. It demands to be drunk that evening. This plan seems a little flimsy, however, when it comes to screwcaps.
- Bring terrible wine. Of course, if the hoarder breaks from tradition and cracks it open then and there, you may look like a tasteless fool.
- Drink the bottle before you go. This will not only allow you to enjoy the wine you like, but it will also allow you to skip any social awkwardness and mean that your chat over the meal will be utterly brilliant (in your own mind). This could, of course, backfire terribly, but there’s a good chance that you won’t remember it.
- Show your cards early. Phone your host before leaving your house and tell them straight up: “I’m bringing a bottle and you’re going to open it with the meal this evening” – they might be so offended that they rescind your invitation, in which case you can drown your outcast sorrows with your favourite bottle anyway.Abstract
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is recognized as a principal mediator of vessel growth. VEGF regulates various endothelial cellular processes, including cell migration, proliferation, and survival, through the serine threonine protein kinase Akt. The Akt substrate girdin, an actin-binding protein, is known to regulate VEGF-mediated postnatal angiogenesis. However, the role of girdin and its phosphorylation in neonatal retinal vascular development and ocular pathological neovascularization in vivo has not been elucidated. In the present study, therefore, we investigated these processes using Girdin +/- mice lacking one copy of the girdin gene and girdin S1416A knockin (Girdin-KISA/SA) mice in which the phosphorylation site of girdin is completely disrupted. We used three mouse models of pathological ocular neovascularization: oxygen-induced retinopathy (a mouse model of ischemic retinopathies), laser-induced choroidal neovascularization, and a human VEGF transgenic mouse that overexpresses human VEGF specifically in photoreceptor cells and generates pathological neovascularization in the retina. Neonatal vascular development was delayed and pathological neovascularization was decreased in both Girdin+/- mice and Girdin-KISA/SA mice. These results demonstrate that girdin and its phosphorylation play an important role in neonatal vascular development and in pathological neovascularization in the retina.
All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) codes
- Pathology and Forensic MedicineIt is important that you know the VAT rules for online businesses if you have any customers in the UK. If you do not understand the VAT rules, you could face an unexpected VAT bill in the future.
The VAT Rules For Online Businesses
If you trade to customers in the UK, you need to know the basics of the VAT rules that govern this to keep up to speed visit VATglobal. Before you can look at the rules in detail, you will need to establish the supply location of your goods for VAT purposes. This is important because it determined which country you have to pay VAT in when you sell anything online.
If you sell to UK customers via an online marketplace, there are 3 categories that you can fall into. These categories will cover all the businesses that trade goods to consumers in the UK and are:
- UK businesses that sell goods where the UK is the location of the goods at the point of sale
- EU businesses that sell goods to consumers in the UK
- Non-EU businesses that sell goods to consumers in the UK
UK Businesses That Sell Good Within The UK At The Point Of Sale
This is the most straightforward VAT category. Businesses in this category will have goods that never leave the UK and are sold to consumers in the UK. These businesses will have to apply for VAT once the registration limit has been exceeded. After this, VAT will need to be charged on all further sales to UK customers.
If you are registered for VAT and sell to customers in the EU, the tax treatment will depend on whether or not your customers are VAT registered in the EU. For non-VAT registered EU customers, UK VAT will need to be charged in the usual way. However, it is important to note that there are distance trading rules that you should be aware of. If your sales in the EU exceeds the distance selling threshold you have to register for EU VAT in the EU country and charge their VAT rate on any sales.
The distance selling thresholds that you face will generally be lower than the UK VAT registration threshold. This is why you need to keep detailed records of all your EU sales to ensure you have registered at the right time.
If you are selling to VAT-registered EU customers, you could charge a zero rate on the goods. However, when you do this, you will have to include both your VAT number and that of the customer on the invoice. These sales also need to be included in your EC sales list.
If your goods are being sold to non-EU customers and they physically leave the UK, you can potentially use the zero rate. However, you will have to retain evidence that the goods are leaving the country. The evidence you can use will vary depending on the assets and the mode of exportation.
EU Businesses Selling To UK Customers
With these businesses, where VAT registration takes place will be determined by whether or not your customers are registered for UK VAT.
If you are selling to non-VAT registered UK customers and the goods are already in the UK at the point of sale, you will have to register for VAT. There is no threshold that you need to first meet in these situations. However, this will only be the case when your business has no fixed establishment in the UK.
If the goods you sell are located in another EU country at the point of sale, they will be classed as UK distance sales. The threshold for UK distance selling is currently £70,000. Once this has been exceeded, your business will have to register for UK VAT and charge the UK VAT rate for all further sales.
If you are selling to VAT-registered customers, the location of the goods will impact what you need to do. If your business does not have a fixed establishment in the UK, you will have to register for VAT if the goods are located in the UK at the point of sale. There is no threshold that needs to be met first.
If they are in another EU country, you will need to charge EU VAT. This can be changed to a zero rate if your customer can provide you with a valid UK VAT number. This number will have to be included on any invoices to the customer.
Non-EU Businesses Selling To UK Customers
If your goods are in the UK at the point of sale, but you have no fixed establishment, you will have to register for UK VAT. As with the EU companies, there is no threshold that needs to be met first.
If your goods are outside of the EU at the point of sale and you are responsible for the importing of the goods into the UK, you have to register for UK VAT. There is no threshold for this and it will be applicable if you have no fixed business establishment in the UK. This does change if your customer is responsible for importing them to the UK.
In these cases, the supply of the goods takes place outside of the UK. As such, there are no potential UK VAT obligations for your business. However, you may need to prove that you are not importing them.
Other Points For Online Businesses Selling In The UK
When selling online, it is important to know what is classed as a turnover for VAT. You also need to know when distance selling rules will be applied. There are a number of guides you can use to help you better understand this.
It is also important to note that online market places can be held jointly liable by HM Revenue for the VAT liability of their sellers. This means they are likely to ask you for data if they believe your business should be VAT registered. They can also stop you from selling on their platform if you do not provide a VAT registration number if they feel it is necessary to have one.Hello Everyone,
I am so happy to participate in the Cat Lovers Blog Hop organised by the lovely Janis. Heffy Doodle is one of the sponsors of this event so I created a card using Heffy Doodle stamps and dies. All details of the blog hop you can read here.
I started with stamping and colouring the images from the Purrfect Day and Mewniverse stamp sets using Spectrum Noir Illustrator markers. The colours I used are the following: EB5, EB4, EB3, RB2, RB1, DG2. BG2, BG1. I used the coordinating dies to cut everything out.
I die cut a white stitched rectangle using one of the dies from Imperial Stitched Rectangles and lightly inkblended it from the sides with Tumbled Glass Distress Oxide ink. I also die cut a green rectangle and cut grass out of it with the Grassy Lass Border dies. I added a tiny bit of ink on the top of it just to add some shading.
Then I die cut 2 branched and a bunch of leaves from coloured cardstock scraps using the Tree-mendous Peekaboo Tree dies and assembled the scene. I used 3D foam squares to pop up the cats.
The sentiment is from the Purrfect Day stamp set and I stamped it directly on the sky with green and black inks. I gave the scene a dark red mat and adhered it to a kraft Woodgrain Texture Background.
As a finishing touch I used a black glaze pen and drops of glossy accents on the noses of the cats.
I hope you enjoyed my card design and play along with us.
See you soon,
ZsofiIf. This article takes a close look at cruise line shareholder benefits and perks.
In today’s world, owning shares in a company rarely gets you anything beyond the investment value and maybe a small dividend, so it is refreshing that the cruise industry continues to offer significant cruise line shareholder benefits. These primarily take the form of generous onboard credits (OBC), sometimes also referred to as Shipboard Credits (SBC’s). Our guide highlights some benefits and the schemes each cruise line offers, plus how to redeem these benefits.
Many avid cruisers love to own cruise line stock as it makes them feel part of the company with whom they spend so much money. They take pride in their investment and want to support their favourite cruise lines and the wider cruise industry.
In return for this loyalty and investment, some quoted cruise lines reward these investors with a cruise shareholder benefit every time you go on a cruise. As mentioned, usually, this takes the form of onboard credit, and if you take several cruises a year, this can add up to hundreds of dollars!
Over a lifetime of cruising, the benefits can outweigh your original investment in cruise line shares.
From the cruise line’s perspective, this also creates a band of ultra loyal repeat customers who spread the word about the cruise line they part own.
Please PIN to save to your favourite Pinterest board
The four main cruise lines that offer cruise shareholder benefits include Carnival Corporation, Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited and Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Limited.
It is worth noting that Carnival has three stock market listings, often referred to as CCL stock, as follows:
Carnival Corporation (NYSE: CCL) New York
Carnival plc (LSE: CCL) and (NYSE: CUK) London and New York
The good news is that Carnival shareholder benefits are available regardless of which Carnival stock ( CCL stock) you own; we will refer to them as simply Carnival stock.
As part of the Walt Disney Corporation, Disney Cruise is another publicly traded stock (NYSE: DIS), but they discontinued all shareholder benefits in 2000.
Lindblad Expeditions is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: LIND), but we are not currently aware of any shareholder benefits.
Multi Brand Cruise Holding Companies
All of the major cruise companies have multiple brands, and the great thing is that you’ll be able to take advantage of shareholder benefit if you sail with any cruise line within the holding company.
Carnival Corporation includes these brands:
Carnival Cruise Line, Princess Cruises, Holland America, Seabourn, Costa, Cunard, Aida, P & O, P & O Australia
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd includes these brands:
Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises – excludes Celebrity Xpedition – Celebrity Flora and Celebrity Xploration, Azamara, Silversea (not yet offering Royal Caribbean shareholder benefits)
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings includes these brands:
Norwegian Cruise Line, Regent Seven Seas, Oceania
You can purchase as many shares as you like, but you need to own at least 100 shares of your favourite cruise line stock to receive any shareholder benefits. Each cruise company works slightly differently, but all currently offer an onboard credit each time you cruise.
These rules are subject to change but are correct at the time of writing. It can take a few days for the cruise line to process your request, and you need to have made your final payment before the benefit will be applied.
Our experience is that it is a simple task to request your cruise stock shareholder benefits for your cruise vacation. All you need to do is go online to the cruise line website and print out a shareholder benefit form. Once completed with the required information, including your name, booking number, ship and sail date, you send it to the appropriate shareholder benefits team at the cruise line together with proof you currently own shares in the cruise line.
If you’ve used a travel agent to book your cruise, the good ones will do all this for you and send in the forms for you.
Always read the small print as there usually are restrictions as to when you can redeem shareholder benefits. Quite often, some cruise line special offers are not combinable with this benefit. These include travel agent rates, free cruises, educational trips and chartered sailings.
Is It a Good Idea to Buy Stock in a Cruise Line?
While we cannot and do not offer investment advice our experience in holding cruise line shares over time has been beneficial, as we take multiple cruises per year with different Carnival brands like Cunard and Seabourn.
If you invested in 100 carnival shares with a carnival stock price of $26 per share, this could be a $2,600 investment at today’s stock price. If you were to take four cruises per year, each one with $100 in onboard credit, your investment could produce benefits of $400, which represents approximately 15% per cent per year. Fluctuating share prices and changes in the various cruise lines schemes could change this. If the price of the stock falls, then you could lose money.
Ultimately, only you can decide what is best for your own individual financial situation. About Luxury Cruising cannot and does not offer any financial or investment advice. You should always do your due diligence and seek independent advice from your financial advisor.
This article isn’t personal advice. Investments can fall as well as rise in value, so you could get back less than you invest. If you’re not sure if an investment is right for you, seek professional advice. Past performance isn’t a guide to future returns.
Cruise Line Stocks: References
CCL stock Price = Carnival Corporation and plc (CCL)
Royal Caribbean Stock = RCL Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL)
Norwegian Cruise Line = Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (NCLH)
Shareholders own a tiny part of the cruise line
The Regent Suite on Seven Seas Splendor
Do shareholders of Carnival get cruise discounts?
Cruise travellers who own at least 100 shares of stock in Carnival Corporation (CCL) or Royal Caribbean (RCL) can receive up to $250 in onboard credits during their next vacation at sea. Read our article to find out how the benefits work.
Does RCL offer shareholder discounts?
The shareholder discount is available for any Royal Caribbean shareholder with a minimum of 100 RCL shares at the time of sailing. The benefit is only available for the stateroom in which the shareholder (with a minimum of 100 shares) is sailing. Only one shareholder credit per stateroom on any one sailing.
Does Carnival do anything for shareholders?
Does Norwegian cruise Line offer discounts for shareholders?
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Offer their shareholders the following benefits: $250 Onboard Credit per Stateroom on Sailings of 15 Days or More. … $50 Onboard Credit per Stateroom on Sailings of 6 Days or Less.
What are the perks of owning Carnival stock?
Final Thoughts
Becoming a cruise line shareholder and owning some shares is a great way to qualify for the generous shareholder benefits by the cruise lines in the form of onboard credits which all goes to help you save money on your cruise. If like us, you enjoy cruising and expect to cruise again in the future the shareholder benefits are a nice perk to have. This is especially true if you have a favourite cruise line and cruise with them all the time. It is also quite cool to own a small part of your favourite cruise line!
Do you own cruise line stocks or are you considering it? Please let us know your thoughts and tips in the comments below.
All Our Cruise Secrets for FREE
Joining this list will be your best decision ever. We send monthly emails with news, cruise tips and advice all designed to help you get more from your cruise. No Spam, we promise.Search results for '**' (27 products)
22 Nov 2018  |  Global
Global Data Analytics Solutions for Service Providers Market, Forecast to 2023
Proliferation of IoT, NFV, and the Launch of 5G Drive Demand
Data...
Don't have an account? Create One!
Connect With LinkedIn
Use your Linkedin account to login or register within our store.You're just one click away.Storage
Self Storage Kent
Whether you need temporary or long-term storage, the secure, purpose-built facilities at Bravo UK provide the perfect solution. We will collect, wrap, and pack your belongings carefully to ensure no damage, and carefully pack them in safe storage units. Our versatile facilities allow us to store a wide variety of items, including:
- General Household Furniture.
- Pianos.
- Garden Furniture.
- Office Furniture and Equipment.
- Documents.
- Antiques and Fine Art.
Our storage solutions provide 24 hour security for your possessions in purpose built environments. Prices start from as little as £15 per week.
Would recommend these guys 100%!! Vic and Bob made the process of moving house so easy and they’ve been so accommodating even when we’ve had to change the removal dates several times due to completion dates changing! The guys arrived at the old house early and were really friendly and incredibly helpful. Our belongings were handled with care when leaving the old house and entering the new house. Thank you guys!!
- Mrs Catherine Fisher, Rochester
Polite, very helpful and moved us very quickly. No breakages and a very good price.
- Mrs M. Croucher, Romney
The team were very reliable and professional at all times throughout the day and made our office move day as stress free and organised as it could possibly be. They were respectful and willing to go the extra mile to ensure we were 100% happy before they left. We would recommend them highly.
- Hands & Gillingham Volunteer Centre, Gillingham
Brilliant service, great guys, nothing was too much trouble.
- Mr Richardson Smith
Fantastic company, I would highly recommend them. Very smart and professional wearing company T-Shirts. I was dreading the move and they made it enjoyable. Nothing was any trouble to them, so helpful and pleasant. If you are like I was, looking through Checkatrade and unsure don’t look any further - contact Bravo UK, I can ensure they will exceed your expectations. 10/10.
- Miss Danielle Power
More Services
No matter the size of your property and the scale of your removal, clearance or storage needs, Bravo UK Removals has the ideal solution for you.
House Removals
No matter the size of your property, our friendly, experienced team will provide you with an efficient service that guarantees a stress-free move.
Packing Services
Bravo UK Removals can provide a full house packing service tailor-made to suit each individual house removal.
House Clearances
We take care to adhere to the latest industry and environmental regulations, ensuring any waste is disposed of safely for your peace of mind.
Commercial Moves
Our commercial removal and clearance services are designed to help you move premises as easily and with as little downtime as possible.
Request a Quote? Get In Touch Today
Reach Us
Bravo UK Removals has the ideal solution for you
Rainham, Kent
Hours Of Operation
Sunday Closed
Monday 08:00 am-19:00 pm
Tuesday 08:00 am-19:00 pm
Wednesday 08:00 am-19:00 pm
Thursday 08:00 am-19:00 pm
Friday 08:00 am-19:00 pm
Saturday 08:00 am-19:00 pmPress conference with Audi driver Mattias Ekström
Will.
Mattias Ekström would like to personally inform you of what the program of the two-time DTM Champion and World Rallycross Champion will look like in the 2018 season.
Press conference at Red Bull Hangar-7
At Salzburg Airport
On Monday, January 29, 2018 starting at 1:00 PM
The 39-year-old Swede has been driving for Audi since 1999 and supported by Red Bull since 2001. In the DTM, Mattias Ekström has contested 195 races in total. Two championship titles (2004 and 2007), 23 race victories, 20 pole positions and 23 fastest race laps have made him the most successful Audi DTM campaigner of all time. In parallel, Ekström has been competing in the World RX with his own team, EKS, since 2014. In 38 rounds contested to date, he has celebrated ten victories and made it into the final of the top six on 28 occasions so far. His greatest success has been the World RX title in 2016.You have no items in your shopping cart.
PLEASE CHECK ALL CONTENTS: HERE !
John Danaher’s Simple Principles Make The Most Complicated Position In Jiu-Jitsu.
As one of the world’s most sought after grappling coaches, Professor Danaher explains the fundamental techniques and concepts that make open guard so important.
Systematically approach the Open Guard with these special insights and studies from Professor John Danaher.How to Sew a Prism Puzzle Quilt Block Tutorial
September 24, 2019
Fabrics that make you smile, are my kind of fabrics! This is why AGF Studio’s lastest collection called Selva is my favorite new fabric to sew with. Not only are the prints super adorable and playful but the colors are lively, fresh, and gender-neutral.
This collection is perfect for creating kid decor, clothes, and accessories. With its efficient fussy cutting capabilities, I have been happily busy making fun quilty projects. For the next addition to the AGF Quilt Block Collection, I sewed up the ”Prism Puzzle” Block! With so many moving parts to this block and a cute assortment of animals, I am really loving how it turned out!
Enjoy the video tutorial below! :) For more fun sewing projects made with Selva Fabrics make sure to check out the Selva Fabric LookBook!
Happy Sewing, MeliDescription
Christmas Tree,
The holidays come with comforting scents of cypress, fir clippings, & eucalyptus topped with herbal greens & clove resting on a base of decadent woods & sweet vanilla.
Top – herbal, fresh green, clove, thyme, rosemary, mint, Middle – cypress, balsam fir, eucalyptus, camphor, Bottom – labdanum, oakmoss, patchouli, vanilla, caramelized sugar
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Record ID:
1377052
VARIOUS: Egyptians in Cairo and Hezbollah supporters in Beirut condemn Israeli military operation in Gaza
VARIOUS: Egyptians in Cairo and Hezbollah supporters in Beirut condemn Israeli military operation in Gaza
- Title: VARIOUS: Egyptians in Cairo and Hezbollah supporters in Beirut condemn Israeli military operation in Gaza
- Date: 30th December 2008
- Summary: CLOSEUP OF SMALL BOY BEING HELD BY HIS MOTHER WITH RIOT POLICE IN FOREGROUND
- Embargoed: 14th January 2009 11:25
- Keywords:
- Topics: International Relations
- Reuters ID: LVABDPUEAXA1UXWPW3XR6H58YK49
- Aspect Ratio: 4:3
- Story Text: Egyptians staged their largest demonstration yet, on Monday (December 29), against Israel's offensive on Gaza, with several thousands people protesting outside the journalists syndicate in downtown Cairo.
Protesters shouted slogans in support of Gaza Palestinians and condemning Arab governments, including Egypt's as lines of riot police penned them in on sidewalk and on the steps of the Syndicate.
The crowd, which included Islamists, leftists and Arab nationalists, called on the Egyptian government to open the Rafah crossing and stop collaborating with Israel in the blockade of the impoverished coastal strip and 1.5 million inhabitants.
There is seething anger in Egypt over what many perceive as the governments complicity in Israel's attacks on Gaza which have killed over 300 people in three days.
Israel's Foreign Minister visited Cairo shortly before the attacks and the cordial reception she was given, as well as the Egyptian government's failure to forcefully object to military action has caused both domestic and regional uproar.
One opposition MP at today's demonstration said all Arab governments were failing Gaza.
"We should all line up today in the Arab and Islamic world in order to say to our rulers that they have to pay attention and they have to respond in full, and if they fail they should leave office so that we can choose that rulers that are able to develop weapons with which we can protect ourselves," said Saad Aboud.
Meanwhile tens of thousands of Lebanese converged on Beirut's southern suburbs on Monday (December 29) heeding calls by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah to show condemnation for Israeli military attacks on Gaza that have killed more than 300 people in three days of fighting.
There have been several protests in Beirut and across Lebanon since the Israeli attacks began on Saturday, but this rally has been the biggest so far.
Lebanon is home to some 400,000 Palestinian refugees living in 12 camps across the country. The attacks on Gaza have angered many Lebanon and Palestinians who tried on Sunday to storm into the Egyptian embassy.
The Hezbollah leader attacked Egypt over its role in Gaza and warned its government to open its border with the strip for food and medical supplies, and even weapons, or face the wrath of the Egyptian people.
Nasrallah called for another Intifada, Arabic for uprising, to take place in Palestinian Territories and elsewhere in the Arab world to help safeguard Palestinian existence.
"What is being targeted in Gaza is the remains of the resistance, the remains of the Palestinian will, the remains of a commitment to Palestinian rights. That is why I join all the Palestinian leaders who have called for a third Intifada in Palestine, and for uprisings across the Arab and Islamic worlds. Because what we, as a nation (an umma), are facing in Gaza today, is an existential battle for Palestine, not a battle for the survival of the Hamas government,'' he told supporters.
Supporters cheered for Hezbollah and Hamas leaders and occasionally chanted ''Death to America, Death to Israel.''
- Copyright Notice: (c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2011. Open For Restrictions -
- Usage Terms/Restrictions: Footage contains identifiable children: users must ensure that they comply with local laws and regulations governing the publishing of this material.2 Children aged 1 - 3 years, 1 Child aged 6 - 11 years
Clifton Heights, PA
$16 - 25/hr • Part time
Starts November 26Transportation Not Required
We need a nanny for our my children in Clifton Heights. Please be comfortable with pets. Flexible start date. My schedule may vary.Banlaw offers a full portfolio of hardware, software and services for users of industrial fluids. The company designs and develops refuelling and fluid transfer products, along with fuel management and overfill protection systems for mines, railways, and ports around with world.
Banlaw pioneered the Unified Fuel Management (UFM) system, a unique approach to hydrocarbon and liquid resource management that improves productivity, safety, efficiency, and reduces cost. Customers using the UFM approach say it has enabled them to accurately pay for the fluids they receive, refuel machines and transfer liquids with higher efficiency, automate processes, and derive targeted insights from the data, that has directly increased profits.
Banlaw is active in 33 countries throughout North America, South America, Africa, Asia and Europe. Our global offices are located in Australia and North America.
Home » Places » Australia » New South Wales » Gateshead » Manufacturing & Agriculture » Machinery & Tools Manufacturers » Banlaw Pty Ltd
Banlaw Pty Ltd
Banlaw Pty Ltd
Gateshead, New South Wales, 2290
19 Metro Ct, Gateshead, New South Wales, Australia, 2290
bulk fuel installation, dry break fitting, dry break fuel coupling, fleet fuel management solutions, fleet fuel management, fleet fueling systems, fluid transfer management, fluid transfer products, fuel dispensing tracking system, fuel infrastructure solutions, fuel inventory management software, fuel inventory management, fuel management services, fuel monitoring system, fuel tracking software, fuel tracking system, pressureless fast fill systems, rfid fuel management system, and tank farm piping design
Description & Offers
Location
No Records Found
Sorry, no records were found. Please adjust your search criteria and try again.
Google Map Not Loaded
Sorry, unable to load Google Maps API.Creating an account is straightforward.
Software Providers
Amusement Selection and Software CryptoWild is a real haven for slots fans. Afterwards all, when you visit an online casino you want to be adept to start betting straight away. The site is responsive and easy en route for navigate. In order to claim a few of the sign-up bonuses, newly registered players need to choose the agreement they find suitable for them ahead making their first deposit into the casino.
Deposits can be made via credit cards or cryptocurrencies. Namely, the casino sites we list meet high operating standards and guarantee safety. Can I accomplish real money casino online? So, PayPal is often a top pick along with gamblers.And thats one of the other things… Free Online Counselling For Eating Disorders…
Luckily, fill out a questionnaire to find the right match.
Throughout the survey, you have the ability to list out your therapist preferences, including their gender, religion, counselor.
According to, counselors are certified, trained, experienced, and accredited psychologists, marriage and household therapists, medical social workers, or certified expert therapists. daunting, especially for a lot of novice clients. Text-based communication  instantly begin messaging them in a safe and personal chatroom.
The chatroom is accessible at any time as long as your device has reliable internet. Messaging isn’t carried out in real-time, so there’s no guaranteed reaction time from your therapist. As a result, you’re complimentary to message your counselor at any hour of the day.
Your counselor will reply with questions, homework, assistance, or feedback, and the app will inform you of their response.
The discussions are conserved in the chat room so you’re complimentary reaction.
This option mimics the comfort of texting a buddy who immediately understands.
” Writing down your thoughts is a beneficial workout for all type schedule a video session with your therapist if you’re someone who takes pleasure in face-to-face discussion. Just log on at your appointment time and your therapist will prompt you to start the video chat.
Anyway, as it occurs, I am somewhat intensifying among under-30s? With cuts to mental health services actually starting to bite, digitised treatment could be just the ticket for young people who currently filter almost every element of their lives– buddies, work, sex, home entertainment– through a screen.
Not everyone is totally persuaded that shifting psychological health care online is the method forward. “For me, what works in treatment is when you meetgood enough’, however really crucial that people who take part in it understand that it’s a different experience from being in the space with someone, speaking face-to-face.”
Bbc
” In terms of ease of access, it’s a great start and definitely better than nothing. It’ll hopefully lead them to ultimately appearing in the space. Nevertheless, if you’re dealing with relationship issues, accessory issues, or deeper problems, it’s.
” My worry is that it’s happening increasingly more for economic factors, rather than due to the fact that it’s what’s finest for individuals. If it’s rolled out just to save money and there aren’t vital concerns being asked about these services, that’s not good. Then, I’m constantly very sceptical of people who are either extremely extremely pro or very very versus online mental health care. It’s a case of asking the ideal concerns.”
I signed up for four very various online mental health services– varying in expense from complimentary to , 100 a month– and ran my anxieties through them all, simultaneously, for a week. Here’s what I discovered.
Does BetterHelp use licensed therapists? Free Online Counselling For Eating Disorders, but whatever.
How much is BetterHelp monthly?
Filtering that through instant messaging might be handy if you find the concept of baring your soul to a complete stranger a bit awks. You will not get the very same connection as with face-to-face counselling, but the semi-anonymity may make it much easier to open if you’ve been consuming 2 bottles of rum and dancing around in your dead nan’s bridal gown every night.
She initially established responses to messages over the weekend, which was unforeseen.
Talkspace vs Betterhelp
The truth you can edit messages prior to sending them indicates you’re not likely to blurt out something unguarded and revealing in the heat of the moment. Profound moments of realisation might be difficult serious attention (and potentially some meds), most likely isn’t for you Free Online Counselling For Eating DisordersMario E. Carias, CFA
Mario E. Carias is currently the Managing Director of Education and.City RoofBy Kerry Zacharia
City Roof is inspired by a view from a London roof top terrace and primarily features St Paul's Cathedral. The sky includes structure and tone behind the obvious outlines which adds to the pleasure of observing this painting. There is a little mystery contained in the painting. It is part of collection of Inner City London paintings set around St Paul's and Covent Garden. The original artwork is framed with a wooden black mould with specialist true view glass that enhances the ink and subtle tones.The times of relying upon a business trip to get you from guide a toward point b are no more. Today an ever increasing number of people and organizations are deciding to put resources into personal luxury planes to remain on schedule and now on spending plan. In the relatively recent past it was a costly sumptuous advantage to possess a personal luxury plane. With the present occupied timetables standard flights are not generally commonsense where as contract flights or personal luxury planes are significantly more advantageous and simply a by and large more astute decision.
A personal luxury plane offers greater adaptability, protection, and wellbeing than some other type of air transportation. A personal luxury plane addresses those issues even without prior warning. Presently you can leave when you need, return when you need, all whenever it might suit you. Never again are you helpless before business flights.
Regardless of whether an organization decides to utilize the administrations of a sanctioned personal luxury plane or buy their own you can appreciate the solaces of a loosening up trip with business partners, workers, or even family. Plan a single direction trip or a return flight immediately.
Nowadays security has become an expanding concern. 911 remaining the world staggering and furthermore managing air traffic in an alternate way and with teterboro private jet charter flights turmoil around the globe wellbeing keeps on being a high need. Personal luxury planes are an incredible method to diminish those dangers.
No compelling reason to show up hours ahead of time and remain in long setups to clear traditions. No hauling your abnormal baggage through the air terminal, and no stress over lost gear all things considered. Personal luxury planes will save you a lot of time and stress.
Regardless of whether those personal luxury planes are important for a sanction administration or organization claimed jets they give the most ideal choice to fast travel just as the most elevated consumer loyalty.
Your personal luxury plane flight departs you to take your shoes off, get settled, and either unwind or complete some work on your PC. No agonizing over bargaining the protection of customers on your PC. You can even lead conferences on the fly – no quip proposed.
For the individual or organization that needs to complete things personal luxury planes are the solitary alternative. After unequaled is cash so a personal luxury plane would not just set aside you cash it will give you genuine feelings of serenity for some problem free travel smoothing out efficiency. Hell you may even think about it for that sentimental escape. Furthermore, obviously it’s consistently a significant alternative for those going with handicaps or even small kids or the old.
There are a wide range of types and sizes of personal luxury planes. From fundamental, nitty gritty planes to extravagance jets that implies you can coordinate your flying requirements and your spending plan with the correct personal luxury plane.
It’s truly extraordinary on the off chance that you own a personal luxury plane however you do not need to possess it to appreciate the upsides of air transportation that is best in class. Why not join the large numbers who as of now appreciate the advantages and opportunity of personal luxury planes? You’ll be happy you didAddress usZhengzhou,China.
China Crusher Iron Ore manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Crusher Iron Ore products in best price from certified Chinese Iron, Iron Product suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China.
China Iron Ore Cone Crusher manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Iron Ore Cone Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Crusher, Rock Crusher suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China. used.
Iron ore crushers Mobile Crushers all over the World.. Weir wins record 100m order for Australian magnetite iron.
Iron ore stone equipment. Crushers Used In Iron Plants Bbatouchofrome. Used equipment iron ore crushing plant.Stone crusher machine cost, ore crushing plant equipment price.Stone crusher is widely used in mining, metallurgical, construction, chemistry, petrochemicals, transportation, energy, building materials industry, suitable for crushing high hard, mid hard and soft rocks and ores such as.The jaw crusher and cone crusher is used extensively in the processing of iron ore.
Cone crushing equipment for iron ore crushing..
Iron Ore Crushing Plant Equipment Costin South Africa. can run.
Iron Ore Processing Equipment Ball.Hematite Iron Ore Crushing Processing Equipment...
Iron ore is an important raw material for iron and steel production enterprises. Iron is gradually selected from natural ore (iron ore) by crushing, grinding, magnetic separation, flotation, gravity separation and other procedures. It is a mineral aggregate containing iron or iron..
New Type 100 Tph Crusher In Ethiopia Crusher Cmi Short Head 3 How To Build Crushing Machine Stone Quarry Equipment Indonesia Material For A Small Scale Crusher Plant Robo Sand Crusher For Salerobo Sand Crusher Granite Hwhere To Get Cheap Crushing Machine In Nigeria Iron Sand Crushing Plant Track Mounted Aggregate Crushers Por Le Crusher In Egypt Equipment Ne Ne Crushers Spare Parts China Crushing Plants New Type Buy Iron Ore Mining Crusher Photo Crushers Of Large Crushing Customer Case Apr Crusher Machine Can Crushed Glass Sand Be Portable For Bedak Crusher Dan Grinding Peralatan Nigeria Grifo Profile Crusher Granite Operating A Crusher Plant Where Can I Buy A Primary Crusher In Ethiopia Feed Crusher Capacity Size Importance Of Crusher Industry 75 100 Tph Portable Coal Crusher Price What Is Difference Between Crusher And Mills Slag Crusher For Minerals Processing Plant Price Short Head Crusher Cavity Crushing Machine Manufutering Malaysia Portable Conveys And Crushing Machine In IndonesiaApple Watch Series 7 GPS + Cellular, 41mm Graphite Stainless Steel Case with Graphite Milanese Loop
$1,299.00 inc. GST
Product code: 44309 - Currenty out of stock. Please contact us for further information.
Click and collect unavailable in Parnell today.
Delivery is unavailable.
Delivery & pick-up information »
The stainless steel case is durable and polished to a shiny, mirror-like finish.
The Milanese Loop is made from a smooth stainless steel mesh that’s fully magnetic, so it’s infinitely adjustable for a perfect fit. 6 Outlet with 2M Cord with 2 USB Ports
$64.00 incl. GST
Belkin BOOST↑CHARGE™ 15W Dual Wireless Charging Pads
$112.00 incl. GST
Belkin Secure Holder with Keyring for AirTag - Blue
$20.00 incl. GST
Belkin Road Rockstar: 36W/7.2A Dual Car Charger with 6" Extension Hub 4-port
$52.00 incl. GST
Belkin Magnetic Fitness Phone Mount
$44.00 incl. GST
Belkin Thunderbolt™ 3 Dock Pro
$440.00 incl. GST
Belkin Classic Pro Backpack
$68.00 incl. GSTMexican mail order brides have all the time been widespread among the worldwide dating group and their reputation only will increase over time. Both slender or endowed with irresistible curves, brides from Mexico mesmerize Western guys using their gorgeous bronze skin and lustrous hair that’s darkish. They follow impeccable individual care routines, striving to consistently look their best – spruce and womanly. Nearly all mail-order brides from Mexico are very expert in the art of make-up and put on stylish heels and trendy garments aligned aided by the fashion tendencies which might be latest.
The effectiveness of online relationship is likely one of the most common questions that individuals ask. There are millions of individuals who bought along with the help of mail-order bride services. Right here, you can study different features of online courting. Don’t forget which you could also use service of mail order brides from Mexico.
Moreover, communication on the Internet has develop into familiar to nearly all ages. Many marriages originate from a variety of social sites. So there may be nothing shameful in beginning the search for your soulmate from Mexican ladies dating sites. When you have already determined to fulfill Mexican mail order bride, we suggest you become familiar with the principles of communication with Mexican mail order brides in advance. Skilled users can also learn plenty of helpful and fascinating details about Mexican singles from this text.
Before you dive straight in and start contacting fairly mail order brides in Mexico, use our handle to learn about the whole mail order bride business and its intricacies. We’ve nice information on Mexicans – the people and the culture- which will assist you to perceive how greatest to attach with a potential mail order bride from Mexico.
The women’s physique and look are undoubtedly angelic. Nevertheless, there is extra to the beauty that makes these Latino women cause men sleepless nights in the quest of a wife from South America. These are some of the profitable characteristics of Mexican women. Latin Ladies Date is a web-based dating website that provides hundreds of profiles of young and exquisite Latin ladies that are in search of for men to calm down with.
Be romantic with her. The hot ladies from Mexico are passionate and lovingly naughty in habits. The moment you begin ignoring her or taking her with no consideration, she is going to lose interest in you. Due to this fact, it is important to keep her emotions of affection and happiness always. Do the whole lot that you can excite her continuously and make her feel pampered. Make an effort, give her small gifts, take her out to different places, and be adventurous together with her.
With our high prompts, it’s potential to get the hearts of a bunch of Mexican birdes-to-be online and get your meet in no time. As soon as a man features tried an online courting agency, and they include talked to a couple of Mexican women of all ages for a while, there exists a superb opportunity that they might possibly come upon the principle. They might travel to meet their specific new bride-to-be, or the woman may travel round with the intention to her new man’s native region with a view to get married to him.
Mexican brides do not shy away from their feelings when they are round their partners. If you’re in a relationship with a Mexican lady, she is going to let you recognize of essentially the most final-minute particulars in her life. When your Mexican bride is completely happy, she is going to light up the room with her smile. She’s going to bathe you with compliments and sweet phrases. Alternatively, if she is mad at you, she’s going to let you recognize what she feels about you. In case you are used to girls who prefer to bottle up their feelings, then you are in for some attention-grabbing revelations along with your Mexican bride.
Communication instruments. To work together with Mexican brides, you’ll want to have completely different tools. Most of the time, a dating platform can offer you 3 important communication choices: on the spot messages, video or audio communication, and emails. To purchase a bride online, you don’t want to decide on a specific kind of communication – you can change between them whenever you need. Some sites may have group chats that can help you chat with multiple Mexican ladies on the market at once. The range of tools for communication allows one to find his most fitted method to interact with brides, which makes communication more practical and enjoyable.
Mexican ladies have become involved and curious, which is the explanation why they fancy mysterious guys. Try to gas her interest in your course by planning shock instances or having her guess precisely precisely what present you could have on her. Nonetheless, you must keep alert as to whether you are flirting or your Mexican gf wishes to have frank dialogue and start your duty. Don’t forget about another effective instrument in the toolbox of flirt – the human physique language and touch. Make your Mexican bride believe she truly is the center of your world moreover the girl that is only’ve ever desired to be with, along along with your work would be rewarded.
A wedding is a celebratory ceremony the place two people are introduced collectively in matrimony 1 Wedding traditions and customs differ across cultures, countries, religions, and societies when it comes to how a marriage is widely known, however are strongly symbolic, and infrequently have roots in superstitions for what makes a lucky or unlucky marriage. Superstition is often linked to practices involving luck , fate or prophecy , 2 and whereas many weddings at the moment are extra focused on celebratory traditions, many are nonetheless practiced, and numerous effectively-identified marriage ceremony traditions have roots in superstitions from earlier ages. A typical instance of a superstition includes nobody seeing the bride in her wedding ceremony gown until the ceremony.
News On Clear-Cut Mexican Bride Methods
Mexican brides are exotic and gorgeous ladies who’re searching for a foreign husband. A lot of men want to buy a Mexican spouse because of the exceptional physical and character options that these ladies possess. Online courting helps each international men and Mexican ladies to attain their objectives – meet the suitable individual and construct comfortable and healthy relationships. Mail order bride services have become extremely popular and efficient in trendy society.Episode No. 321 of The Modern Art Notes Podcast is a holiday weekend re-air of host Tyler Green’s March conversation with curator Diane Waggoner. debuted at the National Gallery of Art this past spring, and it’s now at the New Orleans Museum of Art, where it will be on view through January 7. The exhibition catalogue was published by the NGA and Yale University Press. Amazon offers it for $41.
Images of art discussed on the program are available here.
Air date: December 28, 2017.Melrose Walk Floral Midi Dress by Three of Something Sydney Australia
There is a reason the 70s continues to be on of the most stylish decades. Embrace your inner bohemian and feel the freedom in the Melrose Walk Dress
Our Model is wearing a small. She is 177cm tall and has a 61cm Waist, 81cm Bust and 89cm Hips.
This Sale Item is available for Credit or Exchange | No Refunds on this Sale Item
Details:
- Fabric is exclusive Melrose print on self-spot, lurex shot chiffon
- Fabric is limited edition, designed for Three of Something
- Fabric is sheer and non-stretch
- High neck design with back keyhole and button detail
- Sheer bracelet length sleeve with elastic cuff
- Easy/body skimming bodice with frill hem
- Detachable belt
- Bodice lined in rayon
Measurements:
-Size XS: Front/Back Length 119cm/119cm, bust 91cm, waist 87cm, hip 101cm
-Size S: Front/Back Length 120cm/120cm, bust 96cm, waist 92cm, hip 106cm
-Size M: Front/Back Length 121cm/121cm, bust 101cm, waist 97cm, hip111cm
-Size L: Front/Back Length 122cm/122cm, bust 106cm, waist 102cm, hip 116cm
-Size XL: Front/Back Length 123cm/123cm, bust 111cm, waist 107cm, hip 121cm
Contents and Care:
-Fabric Contents: 100% polyester main, 100% rayon lining
-Washing instructions: Gentle cold hand wash, do not soak, do not tumble Dry, Do not wring, Drip dry in shade, Cool iron, Do not dry cleanKootenay Silver Inc. (CVE:KTN) Company Profile
Symbol(s): CVE:KTN, OTCMKTS:KOOYF
Industry: Silver Mining
Website:
Kootenay Silver Inc. (CVE:KTN) is a Canadian Silver mining company. It is a junior project generator mainly focused on exploration and resource expansion of Silver in Mexico and Canada. The company has multiple properties including La Cigarra – Original Lease (Parral, Mexico), Connor Creek (Bc, Canada), Copley (British Columbia, Canada), Deer Creek (Bc, Canada), Iron Range (Bc, Canada), Jumping Josephine (British Columbia, Canada), Rosetta Stone (Bc, Canada), El Reventon (Otaez, Mexico), La Negra (Mexico), Promontorio (Sonora, Mexico), Santa Lucia (Sonora, Mexico) and Sierra Rosario (Choix, Mexico).
Kootenay Silver Inc. has 310.65 million shares outstanding and as of December 31, 2020, had a market capitalization of US$103.07 million. The stocks of Kootenay Silver Inc. trade on the Toronto TSX Ventures Stock Exchange and the Over-the-Counter Exchange. The company has US$11.32 million cash and no debt.Window Bakery Box of Gluten Free Classic
6 Cookies / Dimensions: 8.7” x 5.3” x 1.3”
0.12kg
Introducing our newest addition to our everyday elegance collection...our new Window Bakery Box of Gluten-Free Classic shortbread. We've baked and packed 6 of our famous handcrafted Gluten-Free classic shortbread into a luxurious bakery box, making for a perfect gift for the hostess or friend.
$10.00
$0.00
Ingredients and Nutrition Information
Gluten Free Classic
>.- This event has passed.
Star Wars X-Wing League Play
November 5 @ 12:00 pm - 10:00 pmFree
It’s pretty simple. Each game you play earns you points. Even if you lose you get points. You can only play 3 league games per night. We also drop the lowest week’s score for each player in case you missed a week or tried a new build that just didn’t work. Prizes are generally awarded the first Friday of the new month so we have time to get everything calculated. Feel free to show up early to test or practice. Also there’s room and time for Legion, Armada or Imperial Assault games too!?
Does this ring true for many of you? do you guys use Dosh app for most? How do you earn max cash back points? I did not find it very interesting
Does anyone here know what a senior AP specialist or AP manager salary range is? No CPA, but around 10 years of experience in AP.!
Should more people on Wall St have gone to jail for their role in causing 2008? Curious to hear from people in the industry!.
EY 🐠, what all can you guys expense during the work from home period without a special approval? I know about the monitor.
Hi Guys, What is the expected salary in Deloitte USI? Designation: Senior Consultant Role: Product Management Total work-exp: 8+ years
When entering information to schedule a visa appointment is it required to use the old DS-160 number? My passport number changed and I need a new DS-160 but there isn’t an option to get the form
If you broke down your total compensation, what's your hourly rate, billing 50 hrs. a week?
Are there any analysts that recently joined Huron that would be willing to chat about their interview experience? I have reviewed Glassdoor!
2.5 years of consulting experience after college. Do I still include my internship(s) on my resume?
Those who applied to Sloan, how rigidly did you stick to the 300 word limit. Did you feel comfortable applying the +10% rule??
Went to an interview and immediately noticed a bunch of red flags about the company. I sat through a 2 hour long boring meeting, and I was wondering how bad it would be if I just left immediately, saying I wasn't interested?.
They are very similarly VOO makes up about 80% of VTI/VTSAX . They will perform very similarly and I don’t think there is a need for both.
Rising Star
You are fine. VOO is an ETF that tracks the S&P 500. VTSAX is a mutual fund that tracks the entire US market. They overlap by around 80%. Performance wise they are essentially the same, but VTSAX is slightly more diversified since it includes mid/small cap. Adding VOO would not diversify you any more than you're at now. I don't really see a reason to own both.Sorry — this deal is no longer available. Never miss another deal! Sign up for daily updates:
Take advantage of a high-value printable coupon to score a nice deal on dog treats at Family Dollar. Print a $1.00/1 coupon from Coupons.com with no size restrictions. Use it on the four-ounce bags of Jumbone Bites at Family Dollar to pay just $1.00!,209
Average Net Price By Family Income
Income
Average Amount
< $30k
$21,351
$30k - $48k
$19,712
$48k - $75k
$21,150
$75k - $110k
$25,428
$110k+
$27,862
$18,786
37%
Average Federal Grant Aid Per Year
$4,644
Average Institution Grant Aid Per Year
$13,620
43%
Average State Grant Aid Per Year
$6,771
44%
Average Federal Grant Aid Per Year
$4,644
Average Grant & Scholarship By Family Income
Income
Average Amount
< $30k
$20,907
$30k - $48k
$22,405
$48k - $75k
$21,210
$75k - $110k
$18,130
$110k+
$14,669
Total Needs Based Scholarships/Grants Total amount of grant or scholarship aid awarded to all undergraduates from the federal government, state/local government, the institution, and other sources known to the institution.
$6,586,929
Total Non-Need-Based Scholarships/Grants
$17,779,006
Students receiving federal loans
72%
Average Federal Loans Per Year
$5,341
Average Other Loans Per Year
$11,106
Average Debt at Graduation The median federal debt of undergraduate borrowers who graduated. This figure includes only federal loans; it excludes private student loans and Parent PLUS loans.
$19,500
Loan Default Rate
3%
US National: 7%
Median Monthly Loan Payment The median monthly loan payment for student borrowers who completed, if it were repaid over 10 years at a 5.05% interest rate.
$280
What Students Are Saying
4.09 Average Rating
Since AU is a private institution, it's very expensive. However, it's totally worth it! The experience I've gained has been worth the hard work and sweat. Anderson also offers a variety of merit scholarships, as well as grants based on financial need, so few people have to pay the full cost of tuition. The high level of education and the friendly, safe environment make Anderson University worth every penny.
Jordan from Liberty Twp, OH!
Bailey
You pay for experiences as much as you do education. In that respect, Anderson does very well. It truly is a community. That being said, it is a private school, and is well out of the price range of some. However, they give out many scholarships and financial aid is good for this type of school. The programs and smaller class sizes are worth the extra tuition in my estimation. Like another reviewer said, where they stick you is the meal plan. Make sure you figure out what works best for you food-wise, long before you sign off on that.
Ryan from Saint Clairsville, OH
Similar Colleges
- Muncie, IN
- Indianapolis, IN
- Hanover, IN
- Huntington, IN
- Indianapolis, IN
- Indianapolis, IN
- Terre Haute, IN
- Bloomington, IN
- North Manchester, IN
- Marion, IN
- Upland, IN
- West Lafayette, INMOUTHPIECE MEYER 5M MEDIUM CHAMBER for Alto Saxophone. Mouthpiece used but in good condition. Mouthpiece has a mark : MEYER MADE IN U. " and " 5 M Y 6 R LAPPED FACING 5 MEDIUM-CHAMBER (see picture).
I do not mark merchandise value below value price or as a gift. The item "MOUTHPIECE MEYER 5M MEDIUM CHAMBER for Alto Saxophone (Made in USA)" is in sale since Thursday, June 15, 2017.This item is in the category "Musical Instruments & Gear\Wind & Woodwind\Parts & Accessories\Mouthpieces"..Metaphysical Strudel By Andrei Codrescu Published February 3, 2003 at 12:00 AM EST Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Commentator Andrei Codrescu is in New York City and walks in on a meeting of young radicals toasting Old Communists. He notes the fact that old commies never say "die." They just die. He listens to them, believing some of the conversations may have started in the 19th century. Copyright 2003 NPRSaints vs. Panthers Odds & Picks: How To Bet Sunday’s Spread
Chris Graythen/Getty Images. Pictured: Drew Brees
Win $500 in our Week 7 NFL betting contest, available only in The Action Network app.
Saints vs. Panthers Odds
Odds as of Sunday morning and via BetMGM. Get an INSTANT $500 deposit match at BetMGM today or see more offers and reviews for the best online sportsbooks.
This Sunday’s matchup between the New Orleans Saints and Carolina Panthers is a battle between familiar faces as quarterback Teddy Bridgewater and cornerback Eli Apple make their first return to New Orleans since leaving in free agency this past spring.
In place of Drew Brees for five games last season, Bridgewater revitalized his career, going 5-0 while throwing for 1,205 yards and nine touchdowns with a 69.7% completion percentage.
The connections don’t stop there as Carolina’s first-year offensive coordinator Joe Brady also returns to New Orleans, where he served as an offensive assistant under head coach Sean Payton from 2017 to 2018.
Oddsmakers have installed the hometown Saints as 7.5-point favorites over the Panthers. With so much familiarity between these two NFC South foes, where’s the betting value in this matchup? Let’s find out.
Carolina Panthers
Familiarity could breed contempt in a matchup in which Brady leads an offensive system similar to what’s deployed in New Orleans, potentially leaving little room for the element of surprise.
The Panthers’ offense, led by Bridgewater, continues to be the strength of this team. Despite playing the eighth-toughest schedule of opposing pass defenses, the Panthers are 11th in Football Outsiders’ passing DVOA. Bridgewater is fourth in completion percentage (70.9%) and seventh in yards (1676) while primarily throwing to wide receiver Robby Anderson, who is second in the NFL in receiving yards with 566 on 40 receptions. D.J. Moore has also added 27 receptions for 474 yards, tied for 10th in the league.
In the backfield, Mike Davis continues to perform in the absence of Christian McCaffrey. Davis is eighth in total yards from scrimmage (406) and ninth in rushing yards (206) since he took over in Week 3, although he could struggle against a Saints defense that’s allowing just 3.6 yards per carry. If the Saints defensive front causes the Panthers to become one-dimensional, Bridgewater may have to take on a bigger role.
Carolina’s red-zone woes continue to be its biggest achilles heel: The Panthers scored touchdowns on just 11 of their 23 trips (47.8%) inside the opponents’ 20-yard line, which ranks 28th in the NFL. They were just 1-for-3 in the red zone and kicked field goals on trips to the 2- and 3-yard lines in last week’s loss to the Bears.
The Saints are 31st in red-zone defense and allow touchdowns on 85% of opponents’ trips inside the 20-yard line, so this could be a get-right game for Carolina in that respect.
The Panthers closed their practice facility until Wednesday after guard Michael Schofield was placed on the COVID-19 reserve list. Backup offensive tackle Trent Scott and kicker Joey Slye were also placed on the list, but the duo was taken off it Friday and are set to play Sunday. The Panthers could potentially miss right guard John Miller due to an ankle injury as well.
Defensively, Carolina could find itself in a rough spot in this matchup.
The losses of defensive tackle Kawann Short and defensive end Yetur Gross-Matos hurt a struggling defense that’s dead last in sacks (five) and 29th in pressure rate (18.5%). Carolina does welcome back Apple at corner after missing last week’s game, however that doesn’t do much to solve their real issues defensively.
Stopping Alvin Kamara and Latavius Murray figures to be a problem since Carolina is allowing 56% of the opposition’s runs to be successful (24th per Sharp Football Stats) on 4.9 yards per carry (26th). They’ve also given up the third-most receptions to opposing running backs, who have caught 47-of-55 targets at 7.0 yards per reception.
New Orleans Saints
The Saints have dominated the Panthers in recent years, winning six of the last seven meetings. Brees and Payton have been a solid bet coming off a bye week, as they’re 8-5 (61.5%) straight up and against the spread in that spot according to our BetsLabs data.
Digging even deeper into the numbers, the Saints are 6-3 (66.7%) straight up and against the spread after a bye when at home and just 2-2 on the road.
Wide receiver Michael Thomas has yet to play since suffering a high-ankle sprain in Week 1 and appeared to be on track to play this week until being limited in practice due to a hamstring injury and eventually ruled out. Despite his absence, this Saints offense hasn’t skipped a beat — it’s fifth in points per game (30.6), 12th in total yards (378.4) and 12th in passing (263.4).
Brees and Emmanuel Sanders were finally beginning to develop chemistry –Sanders caught 12 passes for 122 yards in Week 5 against the Chargers — but the wide receiver was placed on the COVID-19 reserve list Friday and won’t play Sunday.
Although they’re just 29th in explosive offense, the Saints are still sixth in offensive success rate and 10th in offensive DVOA, which shows us that they’re still effective despite not being the high-flying offense of seasons past. With the absence of Thomas and Sanders, we could see Jared Cook and Tre’Quan Smith step up, in addition to the run game.
Kamara has been dominant this season, rushing for 281 and four touchdowns on 61 attempts while hauling in 38 receptions for 395 yards and three touchdowns. Murray hasn’t been a slouch either, rushing for 218 yards and two touchdowns and 52 attempts. The Saints are No. 1 in rushing success rate with 58% of runs graded out as successful, and they face a favorable matchup against a Panthers defense that is 24th in rushing success rate.
The Saints’ defense has looked shaky at times this year, but they’re still eighth in defensive efficiency against the third toughest schedule of opposing offenses. New Orleans has been particularly good at stopping the run with a 43% success rate on rushing plays (fourth) and allowed just 9% of runs to go for 20 or more yards (sixth). Their red-zone defense is a cause for concern, as previously mentioned. Their 85% rate of allowing touchdowns in the red zone is 48.2% worse than the Bears’ league-leading red-zone defense.
The Saints are just 25th in pressure rate this season (20.5%), however they welcome the return of a fully healthy Marcus Davenport, who made his first appearance in Week 5 against the Chargers but played limited snaps.
The combination of Davenport and Cam Jordan on the edge will be instrumental to the success of this Saints defense since Bridgewater has struggled to the tune of a 19.0 passer rating with zero touchdowns and four interceptions against pressure this season.
In last week’s matchup against Chicago, Bridgewater had just a 1.0 passer rating while under pressure. We can look for the Saints to generate more pressure this week, and when doing so, cornerback Janoris Jenkins’ return will be a big boost against Panthers receivers Anderson and Moore.
Panthers-Saints Pick
Heading into the season, oddsmakers projected the Panthers to win just 5.5 games. Despite exceeding expectations thus far with wins over the Justin Herbert-led Chargers, the struggling Falcons and the Cardinals, I’m not sure much has changed.
The Saints are the better team coming off the bye and get Davenport and Jenkins back on defense. From a numbers perspective, the Buccaneers were laying 8.5 points to this same Panthers team a week after catching 3.5 points on the road against the Saints.
Even with the absence of Thomas and Sanders, this line is short. If you can find a -7 or lower on the Saints, this is a good buy-low spot. I’d also recommend adding New Orleans in 6-point teasers along with the Steelers.
PICK: Saints -7
[Bet now at BetMGM and win $100 if a touchdown is scored]
How would you rate this article?Original article by Megan Hernbroth published in Business Insider
- BrainCheck is a startup that can assess and manage cognitive impairment virtually.
- The Texas-based startup announced it had raised $10 million in Series B funding Wednesday.
- The cofounder and CEO Yael Katz said the company wants to proactively manage conditions.
When Yael Katz learned that many instances of worsening dementia were preventable through early detection and long-term management, she knew she had to leave academia to have a bigger impact.
Katz, a former neuroscience researcher at Northwestern and Princeton universities, started BrainCheck in 2015 with the neuroscientist Dr. David Eagleman. On Wednesday, the Texas-based company announced it had raised $10 million in Series B funding. Next Coast Ventures, a staple of Austin’s venture-capital community, led the round with S3 Ventures, which also included participation from True Wealth Ventures, Tensility Ventures, Nueterra Capital, and two strategic investors in UPMC Enterprises and SelectQuote. BrainCheck has raised $20 million to date.
BrainCheck makes software for primary-care physicians and nonmedical professionals like insurance agents to conduct cognitive assessments for patients in person or virtually. Once the assessment is complete, BrainCheck shares a personalized management plan with the doctor to help slow cognitive decline.
BrainCheck takes commonly used cognitive assessments and makes them available online. Its management plans are based on research from neurologists. These tools are often out of reach for primary-care doctors who see patients daily, Katz said.
Anyone can administer the test by sending the patient a link to the test they need and reviewing their score. The score is based on a database of healthy individuals taking the same tests to determine when someone has below-average cognitive ability.
BrainCheck has conducted or funded more than a dozen studies showing that its approach is effective in preventing the decline of cognitive capabilities in its patients, according to a company representative. It has also been subject to independent study determining its effectiveness, with one 2019 JMIR Aging study concluding that its software “provides a sensitive and specific metric for age-related cognitive impairment in older adults, with the advantages of a mobile, digital, and easy-to-use test.”
Katz told Insider that the transition to virtual care during the COVID-19 pandemic readied the industry for a company like BrainCheck. During the pandemic, many Medicare patients missed the annual wellness checks in which cognitive conditions are typically identified, while doctors treating Medicare patients, were exposed to virtual-care options they might not have been aware of before.
BrainCheck provided its investor presentation to Insider for this story. The presentation was lightly edited to remove sensitive financial information and details about future products before Insider’s review.
Here is the 12-slide presentation Katz used to raise $20 million for BrainCheck to make cognitive assessments more widely available.
BrainCheck is a startup that helps doctors conduct cognitive assessments virtually or in person as well as develop and maintain management plans for patients with cognitive conditions.
BrainCheck
BrainCheck makes software that it sells to doctors that can help identify cognitive conditions using a set of assessments that are typically done with pen and paper in a doctor’s office. Doctors can use the software during a visit to conduct the assessment live, or they can text a link to patients to complete it virtually.
BrainCheck
BrainCheck is an FDA Class II software as a medical device, Katz said. Any patient or doctor can use its software assessments on any iPhone, iPad, or desktop computer.
BrainCheck
BrainCheck sells software directly to doctors, who have access to a personalized management plan for each patient based on the assessment results. With the funding, BrainCheck plans to also build a patient portal where patients also have access to the management plan and see their progress.
BrainCheck
BrainCheck declined to name the health systems with which it has worked, but Katz said that it works with Medicare and many private insurance plans to cover roughly 90% of costs.
BrainCheck
As part of the Series B funding round, the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center signed on as a strategic investor and is piloting an early dementia-detection trial with BrainCheck.
BrainCheck
BrainCheck is also an active research partner with several organizations and academic centers, Katz said. Part of her goal with the company is better funding research that can help inform doctors treating patients. The company did not disclose its specific partners, but did name partnership areas in the presentation.
BrainCheck
The patient portal BrainCheck is working on will be called BrainCheck DTx and will include tasks like cognitive puzzles and brain games patients can complete to better manage cognitive conditions within the app itself. Katz said this can help patients stick to the management plan better and improve their experiences.
BrainCheck
In addition to Katz and Eagleman, BrainCheck has hired several medical executives and technologists to lead its team. With the funding, Katz said the company will hire more sales and marketing professionals to increase its ability to sell to large health systems and insurance companies.
BrainCheck
“We have to be proactive about cognitive health and help provide access to care wherever they are,” Katz said. “Humanity realized there is something we can do about dementia.”
BrainCheckI’ve had these socks ‘almost finished’ for a while, and they were just waiting for me to graft the toes before their official completion. Grafting always gets put on hold by me – I can never remember what to do and have to get out my instructions every time. As part of a New Year resolution to finish my half completed objects, I finally got around to it today. I really don’t know why I always put this job off because it took all of 10 minutes!
I hand dyed the yarn for these socks, and as you can see by the little piece in the photo, I just had enough! My dye method is described in this previous post. The colour came out slightly different than I intended, so I decided to knit Cookie A’s “Clandestine Socks” instead. I don’t know why I chose to knit such a complex pattern in variegated yarn, but once I got going I found the pattern so interesting I couldn’t stop! Perhaps a plain coloured version will be completed in the future, but I’m not making any guarantees with my queue in its current state.
The design is assymetric, and there are charts for L and R socks so that they mirror each other. I love the way the twisted rib decreases into the wrapped stitches, and the slight scallop it forms. And in between the fans lies a pretty lace design – Cookie A is so clever!
I find them a little baggy around the lower leg though – if I make them again I would use a smaller needle in this region. There is also a little error in the L Foot Chart with the knit tbl stitches, so for rows 5 and 9 – the knit tbl should be k2tog tbl, and vice versa. If you knit the R sock first this will be clear.
I won’t really be wearing them with these shoes – I’m purely copying the styling on the Clandestine pattern!
If you asked me a year ago, I would have said “whoever would knit a pair of socks?” Now, I think I’m hooked because I’m planning which socks to knit next – I blame Ravelry!
One thought on “~clandestine socks~”
I'm especially impressed that you hand-dyed that yarn. Gorgeous..
External link disclaimer
European Commission websites in the europa.eu domain may contain “external links” to websites in domains other than europa.eu, which may not be owned or funded by the European Commission, over which Commission services have no control and for which the Commission assumes no responsibility.
When visitors to European Commission websites choose to follow a link to any external website, they leave the official domain of the European Commission, and are subject to the cookie, privacy and legal policies of the external website.
Compliance with applicable data protection and accessibility requirements of external websites linked to from Commission websites in the europa.eu domain, falls outside the control of the European Commission and is the explicit responsibility of the external website..Amari Kuala Lumpur Eco City
We Can't Wait to Welcome You
Locale
Set in Malaysia's rapidly developing capital, our 5-star hotel in Kuala Lumpur is directly connected to Abdullah Hukum LRT Station and KTM Komuter Station for easy access to Suria Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC) and Kuala Lumpur International Airport. You'll be pleased to know that we are within just a 5-minute walk from Aspire Tower, KL Eco City Mall and The Garden Mall, which is over the connected bridge walkway and offers a variety of restaurants and fashion stores. Culturally rich hotspots and business hubs are within easy reach. Take pictures with the PETRONAS Twin Towers, retreat with dazzling city vistas or lush greenery at KL Tower and be sure to explore the buzzing Bintang Walk.
- Aspire Tower 0.24 km 3 mins
- KL Eco City Mall 0.35 km 5 mins
- Suria Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC; houses Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre, PETRONAS Twin Towers and KLCC Park) 10 km 20 mins
- Mid Valley Megamall (houses The Gardens Mall) 2 km 5 mins
- KL Tower (houses Sky Deck and KL Forest Eco-Park) 7.5 km 20 mins
- Bintang Walk 8 km 20 mins
- Batu Caves 17 km 25 mins
- Cyberjaya 30 km 30 mins
- Shah Alam 20 km 20 mins
- Putrajaya 32 km 35 mins
Stay
Showcasing contemporary design with delicate Malaysian touches that compliment the city’s charm, our 252 guest rooms and suites offer subtle reminders of the hotel’s unique central location. A signature element of all our properties, each room and suite features work space, a daybed and free Wi-Fi. But the piece de resistance is the view they afford of Kuala Lumpur's bedazzling city splendour.
Rooms
- Superior 24 sqm. Ideal for 2 adults and 1 child or 3 adults
- Deluxe 33-35 sqm. Ideal for 2 adults and 1 child or 3 adults
- Deluxe Garden 33-35 sqm. Ideal for 2 adults and 1 child or 3 adults
- Club Deluxe 33-35 sqm. Ideal for 2 adults and 1 child or 3 adults
Suites
- Club One Bedroom Suite 60 sqm. Ideal for 2 adults and 1 child or 3 adults
Dine
Discover a foodie's paradise at the restaurants and bars at our Kuala Lumpur hotel that combines a burst of contrasting flavours and the talent and dedication of our local chefs design contemporary fusion dishes.
So get together and experience a culinary journey.
- Amaya Food Gallery:
You'll find our signature all-day dining restaurant, a vibrant hawker stall paradise with live cooking stations serving-up international cuisine and Asian street food favourites.
- Cascade:
Relax in a casual café atmosphere with friends and chill over appetizers and beverages. In the evening, our coffee shop in Penang transforms a cocktail lounge with a selection of customised drinks.
- Infinity
Whether here for business or pleasure, we revolve around you. That’s why you’ll find a host of facilities in our hotel in Kuala Lumpur that takes care of your well-being.
- Infinity swimming pool
- FIT Centre
- Library
Services
At Amari Kuala Lumpur Eco City, we infuse our culture into every step your stay - in the bright smile we put on everyone's face, the way we make you feel right at home and how we bring a vibrancy to every space.
- Multi-lingual concierge
- 24-hour front desk
- Free Wi-Fi
Amari Kuala Lumpur Eco City
215 Pantai Baru, Jalan Bangsar, Kuala Lumpur 59200Contact Information
Dr. Chuks Ogbonnaya
Head of the Environmental Science Department
Water Program Advisor
ENV220: Environmental Problems
NAS106: Conservation of Natural Resources
SCT111: Introduction to Environmental Science Technology I
SCT112: Introduction to Environmental Science Technology II
ENV290: Coordinated Internship in Environmental Science
Rosa-lee Cooke
Water Program Advisor/Instructor/Website Technician
Env110: Introduction to Water/Wastewater Technology
Env115: Water Purification
Env108: Environmental Microbiology
Env149: Wastewater Treatment Plant Operation
Env211: Sanitary Biology & Chemistry I
Env195: Water Recertification I
Env195: Wastewater Recertificaton I
Env295: Water Recertification II
Env295: Wastewater Recertification II
Technical Problems with website, contact Rosa-lee Cooke.The Security Council adopted it yesterday. Full text is “here.”:
It reaffirms the previous resolutions about Iran and
bq. Calls upon Iran to comply fully and without delay with its obligations under the above-mentioned resolutions of the Security Council, and to meet the requirements of the IAEA Board of Governors;
No new sanctions, though.
thanks. I searched for it a lot.
Paul, may I ask your Idea on this new resolution?Customer Service Advisor - Monday to Friday
If there was ever an opportunity to kick-start or further enrich your customer service career, this is it. Becoming a Customer Service Advisor with one...
Blue Arrow Derby are looking to recruit a on a full-time Customer Loyalty Manager on permanent basis for an excellent manufacturing client based in Belper.
Hours: Mon-Thurs (8:30am - 5:00pm) and Friday's (8:30am - 3:30pm)
About the Role
This is a senior role reporting to the Marketing Director you will be responsible for the UK loyalty strategy for the company, customer retention strategy and management of the loyalty team and associated partners and agencies.
Duties will include:
About you:
Why should you apply?
You would be working for one of the best employers in the area awarded with Gold Investors in People, with great values and ethics. You can enjoy not only family friendly atmosphere and stability but also feel safe with all measures put in place due to Covid19.
The Commute
Our client is based in Belper, so if you have access to your own car and live-in surrounding areas, great! If you are limited to public transport, there are bus stops a short walk from the site (just over 30 minutes if you are traveling from Ripley or Derby city centre), bus stop is located just outside the building, free parking available too..26th November, 2019
President Cyril Ramaphosa, on Monday, launched a campaign against gender-based violence which he described as “a great shame.”
Violence against women and children “goes against our African values and everything we stand for as a people,” the president said at the launch ceremony in Lephalale, Limpopo Province which, together with other provinces, has seen a rise in gender-based violence over the past recent months.
South Africa made headlines in recent months during which dozens of women were killed as a new spate of gender-based violence hit the country.
“As I stand before you, I invoke the memories of the many women and girls in this province and throughout the country who have suffered from the brutality of men,” Ramaphosa said.
The campaign, known as 16 Days of Activism for No Violence Against Women and Children, coincided with the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women which falls on November 25. The national campaign is aimed at raising awareness around the rights of women and girls and changing the attitudes of men and boys.
“I will say it again – violence against women is not a problem of women, it is a problem of men,” he said.
Ramaphosa urged men to play their part in raising awareness around the rights of women. He said his government has heard the calls by the communities, including the people of Lephalale, to do more to end gender-based violence.
ThoughtForm is pleased to announce that Sarah Portman has joined us from the University of Cincinnati as an intern for the Summer of 2021. Recently, we sat down with Sarah to learn a bit about her love of hockey, her career path in design, and her dog, Peanut Butter.
Tell us a little bit about your background.
Currently, I’m a student at the University of Cincinnati in my third year of a five-year Communication Design program. I’m originally from Dayton, Ohio, but I love being in the city of Pittsburgh, and I’m so excited to be working with ThoughtForm. In my free time, you can find me dancing, watching hockey (Go Pens!), or playing with my dog, Peanut Butter.
How have you been adapting to work during the pandemic?
I’ve found it incredibly beneficial to have a designated space for work. For me, that’s the dining room table. I essentially use the dining room as my office while I’m working, which helps me to separate my work from my personal life. I’ve also discovered that taking a quick lunchtime walk with my dog helps increase my focus and creativity when stuck at home.
What advice do you have for someone just getting started down a similar career path to your own?
Always be curious and hungry to learn more. That’s what’s always helped me. I try to explore various design types and styles, and follow designers or design firms on social media. Internships are also a wonderful way to learn a lot quickly and make professional connections.
Who’s currently on your work playlist?
There’s a hefty amount of Classic Rock in my work playlist, but some notable mentions include Queen, Aerosmith, Van Halen, Journey, Guns ’n’ Roses, and Bon Jovi.When.
Johanna Rothman describes a hectic situation involving having to deal with four people and four different projects. The folks involved are in over their heads and Johanna can't even tell if these people are qualified for their job.
Johanna Rothman describes that for programs, since you have many teams, you want shorter iterations and small stories in order to make sure you have as many interconnection points with the rest of the feature teams as possible..
AgileConnection is a TechWell community.
Through conferences, training, consulting, and online resources, TechWell helps you develop and deliver great software every day.More Sports Chess Chess Aeroflot Open Chess: Adhiban beats Arjun, closes in on leader Mamedov B. Adhiban won in 60 moves to take his tally to five points for a joint second spot, while Azerbaijan’s Rauf Mamedov is the sole leader on 5.5 points. PTI 26 February, 2020 13:43 IST India's B. Adhiban beat compatriot Arjun Erigaisi in the seventh round to move within half-a-point of the leader Rauf Mamedov at the Aeroflot Open chess tournament (File Photo). - Rajeev Bhatt (File Photo) PTI 26 February, 2020 13:43 IST Indian Grandmaster B. Adhiban beat compatriot Arjun Erigaisi in the seventh round to move within half-a-point of the leader Rauf Mamedov in the ‘A’ group of the Aeroflot Open chess tournament in Moscow.The Chennai-based GM won in 60 moves to take his tally to five points for a joint second spot. Azerbaijan’s Mamedov is the sole leader on 5.5 points. Adhiban will meet Mamedov in an interesting clash in the eighth round.READ | Aeroflot Open: Rauf Mamedov halts young Bharat Subramaniyam’s good run Adibhan’s compatriot Aravindh Chithambaram, the national champion, outplayed 13-year-old compatriot Bharat Subramaniyam in 32 moves on Tuesday to take his score to five points and join the group of eight players trailing the leader.Mamedov settled for a draw with Russia’s Sanan Sjugirov, who, along with another Russian David Paravyan, is also on five points.Among other Indian players, Karthikeyan Murali and S P Sethuraman played out a draw between themselves while the talented R. Praggnanandhaa and Javokhir Sindarov signed peace in 38 moves.Top-seed Vladislav Artemiev, who is having an underwhelming tournament, secured a win over Sanal Vahap to reach four points.Important Results:Group A Round 7: Rauf Mamedov (AZB) 5.5 drew with Sanan Sjugirov (RUS) 5; Manuel Petrosyan (RUS) 5 drew with Mustafa Yilmaz (TUR) 5; Parham Maghsoodloo 4.5 drew with Aleksej Aleksandrov 4.5; B Adibhan (IND) 5 beat Arjun Erigasi (IND) 4; Aravindh Chithambaram (IND) (5) beat Bharat Subramaniyam (IND) 4; David Paravyan (RUS) 5 beat Vaibhav Suri (IND) 4; Karthikeyan Murali (IND) 4 drew with S P Sethuraman (IND) 4; Alexander Riazantsev (RUS) 4 drew with Aryan Chopra (IND) 4; R Praggnanandhaa (IND) 3.5 drew with Javokhir Sindarov (UZB) 3.5; Raunak Sadhwani (IND) 4 beat Pier Luigi Basso (ITA) 3. Read more stories on Chess. For more updates, follow Sportstar on :If you think strength training is reserved for the younger generation, think again. In older age, strength training can prove invaluable at keeping the joints protected. There are many benefits this type of training provides, and there are numerous ways to make it a gentler form of exercise.
Here, you’ll discover what strength training is, the benefits it provides, and some tips you can follow when starting.
What Is Strength Training?
Strength training is used to build up the muscles to improve strength and endurance.
There is a misconception that it is only ideal for those who want to look like bodybuilders. However, the truth is that strength training doesn’t automatically give you huge muscles. You have to lift hefty weights for long periods to achieve the bulked-up look.
You can use either tool such as dumbbells or your body weight to achieve desired results.
What Are the Benefits?
There are a lot of benefits of strength training for seniors. As we age, our muscle mass automatically starts to decrease. The metabolism slows down, and the joints begin to stiffen. While these may be natural changes to our bodies, they can cause many health issues which can make life a lot harder.
Just some of the benefits of strength training in older age include:
- It helps prevent bone fractures
- Improves mobility
- It helps build up more muscle mass
- Reduces the risk of chronic illness
- Benefits your mental health
Trips and falls are unfortunately a common occurrence in seniors. Without strength training, your bones and joints might not be strong enough to prevent a severe injury. So, the fact that strength training can reduce the chances of you suffering a bone fracture alone makes it worthwhile.
Strength training can also help to keep you mobile, boosting your independence. You’ll become stronger, and as muscle fights fat effectively, it can also reduce your chances of chronic illnesses.
Mental health issues can also be a concern in older life. With regular strength training, you’ll notice you feel happier, and the symptoms of mental health conditions will be reduced.
Tips for Strength Training as You Age
While there are many benefits of strength training, it’s essential to ensure you’re doing it safely. Familiarizing yourself with the proper techniques and equipment you’ll need is critical.
To make sure you work out your entire body, try to target a different muscle group each time you do it. Make sure you give your body plenty of rest between exercises and never do more than your body tells you. If you push yourself too hard, you’ll cause yourself an injury.
Ideally, you’ll want to attend a local senior strength-training class. However, you can also find good workouts online. By partaking in regular strength-training sessions, you’ll gradually build up your strength, mobility, and independence. It can also make you feel safer as you won’t be as frail and easily overpowered. So, if you’re looking for the best types of exercise to do in older age, strength training is something to consider.Dwight Thomas Tilleman
November 10, 2021
Chinook lost a beloved husband, incredible father, doting grandfather, loyal brother, dear uncle, proud volunteer and handy man extraordinaire. Dwight Thomas Tilleman passed away on November 3, 2021 at the age of 76, after a ten-year battle with Hodgkin's and Non Hodgkin's Lymphoma and related complications.
Tom was born to Charles and Beulah (Willman) Tilleman, the seventh of seven boys on January 26, 1945 in Chinook, Mont.
Tom spent his childhood fifteen miles south of Chinook on the family farm. At a young age, he started running machinery and helping maintain the family farm. It is there that he developed an unparalleled work ethic and discovered his talent for pinpointing a problem and repairing it. This ability to trouble shoot and repair served him well over the years he spent repairing appliances and helping many friends, neighbors and relatives with home, auto and equipment issues.
Tom has fond memories of growing up with his six siblings and attending a one-room elementary school before heading to Chinook High School. In his sophomore year, he met Katherine Louise Hendrickson and it was love at first sight. They wed on April 25, 1964 and enjoyed 57 years of marriage.
Those years included time in Shelby, Mont., a return to the family farm, opening of Tilleman Appliance and many years spent in bleachers across the state watching their children and grandchildren participate in athletics. Tom was a member of the Army National Guard, the Jaycees and participated in the Lewis & Clark Honorary Expedition. He was Scout Master of Troop 448 and served in numerous roles volunteering for the Chinook Senior Citizen Center.
Over the years, Tom enjoyed a wide variety of hobbies, including painting, woodworking, mechanics, ceramics, blacksmithing, hunting, taxidermy, cooking, gardening, collecting, sewing and traveling.
Tom was always willing to lend a helping hand. As the saying goes, he never met a stranger, just a friend he had not met yet. Throughout his life, he was hungry to learn and try new adventures. His witty one-liners and sense of humor brought smiles and laughter to those around him.
Tom was blessed with a large extended family and thoroughly enjoyed family gatherings and standing behind the grill cooking for those in attendance.
He is survived by his wife Kitty, his children and their families, Thomas and Dee Tilleman (Daniel and Katie), Roxanne and Kevin Engellant (JT, Emily, Madison & Kale and Courtney and Kyler), his beloved dog Baxter, brothers Doug (Martha), Dick (Vernelia), Dwain (Betty), and many special nieces and nephews.
Memorial services celebrating Tom will be held in the spring. Details to follow at a later date.
Donations in memory of Tom can be sent to Friends of the Pools & Park Foundation or the Chinook Senior Citizen Center in Chinook, Mont.
To send flowers to the family or plant a tree in memory of Dwight "Tom" Tilleman, please visit our floral store.Bentley Motors continues its journey toward electrification with the recent introduction of the new Flying Spur Hybrid. Equipped with a highly innovative third powertrain, the latest model establishes a family of Bentley hybrids, emphasizing the celebrated carmaker’s commitment to become an end-to-end carbon-neutral organization and the world’s leading sustainable luxury mobility company.
The powertrain of the new Flying Spur Hybrid, which combines a 2.9-liter V6 gasoline engine with an advanced electric motor, delivers a total of 536 bhp and 750 Nm of torque. This makes the new model the most efficient Bentley ever, having the capability to cover over 700 kilometers when fully fueled.
Found in the cabin of the new Flying Spur Hybrid is a control for the car’s three E Modes — EV Drive, Hybrid Mode and Hold Mode, which enable the driver to manage the battery usage during a journey. The flow of energy can be displayed via the infotainment screen, and additional e-motion information like range, battery level and charging status are available on the instrument panel, heads-up display and center screen.
Bentley widens the individualization options of the new Flying Spur Hybrid by offering the highly efficient model in the even more highly luxurious Mulliner spec, as well as in the form of the Odyssean Edition (the Mulliner version is also available to the V8 and V12 Flying Spur).
Taking its place as the flagship of the model range, the new Flying Spur Mulliner is the most luxurious Flying Spur to date, having been designed, engineered and handcrafted by Bentley Mulliner. Some of the model’s beautifully appointed detailing touches include exclusive Mulliner 22-inch wheels with self-leveling wheel caps (these remain upright even as the wheels rotate); a “Double Diamond” front grille and chrome lower grille matched with bespoke Mulliner wing vents and Satin Silver painted mirror caps; jewel fuel and oil caps; and Mulliner illuminated outer treadplates and deep-pile Mulliner mats that welcome passengers inside the cabin.
Mulliner curated eight custom-made, three-color combinations for the sumptuously trimmed cabin, all of which complemented by accent color piping and unique Mulliner embroidery to the hand-stitched seats. Fitted as standard is the Mulliner Driving Specification that brings “Diamond-in-Diamond” quilting to the seats, and three-dimensional leather to the doors. Serving as the centerpiece on the dashboard, set alongside the chrome bullseye vents, is the brushed-silver Mulliner clock.
Meanwhile, taking inspiration from Bentley’s EXP 100 GT concept car is the Flying Spur Hybrid Odyssean Edition, which introduced new sustainable materials to the Bentley range. Among the features in the car’s cabin are panels of beautifully crafted tweed made from 100% British wool, twisting a blend of tonal colors into a bespoke yarn to create a unique natural luxury textile. Plus, with a focus on sustainability, the open pore Koa veneer fascias and waistrails use 90% less lacquer than high-gloss veneers, and allow the natural surface texture and aesthetic of the wood to be enjoyed.
On the Flying Spur Hybrid Odyssean Edition’s center console is a minimalist Piano Linen veneer, while a dedicated three-color leather scheme lends the whole interior new depth. Accents available include a warm hide called Autumn, which can be specified to use Beluga, Porpoise, Cricketball, Brunel or Burnt Oak leather in tandem with light Linen hide. A unique Odyssean Edition treadplate becomes apparent when entering or exiting the car, and is matched with exterior D-pillar badging.
The Flying Spur Hybrid Odyssean Edition’s exterior finishes come in a selection of six curated colors, all of which Bentley recommends as best to match with the Pale Brodgar accents on the 21-inch twin-spoke wheels and lower bright ware (front and rear bumpers, headlight and tail light surrounds and lower body side chrome).
With the Flying Spur Hybrid, Bentley demonstrates that hybridization does not compromise luxury or performance as the car’s unperceivable blend of internal combustion engine and electric motor guarantees refined serenity and utter luxury regardless of driving mode or style.
For more information contact Bentley Manila at +632 87271919./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/38373380/20140908_rnb_sn8_147.JPG.0.jpg)
As you may have already read, we here at Beyond the Box Score created a pretty big event: a mock expansion draft where we expanded the MLB to 32 teams. You can read all about the methodology behind it, and the draft itself here. And, if you have interest in what the other expansion team did, there's a very nice writeup on the Charlotte Divide here.
But you're not here for the Charlotte Divide. You're not here to read about their starter-by-committee system. You're here for the 2015 Portland Beavers.
Team Background
In our fictional scenario, the MLB chooses to expand to 32 teams, including two new franchises on each coast of the U.S. To make a short backstory, let's say that the Portland area was chosen thanks to two competing bids for a franchise in the area: one from former Microsoft exec Paul Allen, and another from Nike founder Phil Knight. Ultimately, Knight's group won out, and the shoe magnate immediately set about naming the team after the historical Portland Beavers baseball teams (thanks, Jeff Wiser!), and recruiting a front office.
As we all know, unfortunately nearly every viable baseball general manager candidate died in a horrible accident when an asteroid struck the secret baseball convention that takes place during every World Series. (What? You didn't know about this.) Faced with extremely limited choices, Mr. Knight hired Bryan Grosnick, to be the team's first general manager -- ostensibly due to Mr. Grosnick's incessant pestering. The team also immediately hired three colleagues from Beyond the Box Score as assistant general managers: Jeff Long, Jeff Wiser, and John Choiniere. This greatly improved the franchise's chances of being run effectively.
Nevertheless, with a rookie GM in place, the Portland era was off to an inauspicious start.
Preparing for the Expansion Draft
Once the other 30 teams' expansion protection lists were made public, the new Portland front office immediately sought to both specific players and a methodology for acquiring talent through this draft. The front office certainly understood the difficulty of building a contending team in short order, but felt as if they needed to field a team that could be competitive early in the team's run.
Must Reads
With a $95 million payroll, the team could not be major agents in free agency -- and the wisdom of building through free agency is always a question. In addition, the recent tendency of major league teams to heavily value prospect talent made for many circumstances in which big-money talents and "post-hype" major league veterans were undervalued and/or left unprotected in the draft.
The team also considered the game theory aspects of the draft. Having some experience with the opposing front office, Portland's staff considered (1) how they could ruin "consumate strategizer" Ryan Morrison's plans and (2) how to identify a Charlotte strategy early and focus on players that not only fit our team's strategy, but wait on players who did not fit the Charlotte purview.
Coming into Round 1, each member of the front office looked to highlight five players seen as "most desired" to build the team around. As the FO communicated, six players quickly separated themselves from the pack as an early collection of targets:
- Robinson Cano
- Josh Rutledge
- Jimmy Nelson
- Lucas Duda
- Josh Harrison
- Stephen Vogt
Each of these players was flawed (except Nelson, whose only flaw was being a pitcher), but each jumped out as the staff as a building block for this franchise. As the team's central conceit focused on building position players first, then later focusing on pitching, Nelson was taken out of consideration for the first overall pick. Vogt and Harrison both provided flexibility, with Vogt being one of the few reasonable options at catcher in the draft. Cano was obviously a transcendent talent, but his contract looked like an anchor over the next decade.
In the end, it was general manager Bryan Grosnick who pushed hard for Lucas Duda as the first Portland Beaver. Was it because he feared Duda being drafted by the Divide? Yes. Cano seemed a safer bet to slip to the fourth overall pick, and Grosnick had a bizarre mental blind spot when it came to Nelson. Harrison and Rutledge were seen as high-value choices, but neither provided the overall offensive performance of Duda, who was one of the few impact hitters available in the draft.
In addition to identifying top targets, the team looked to identify their top targets by team. While there was no official process for this, save a series of increasingly incomprehensible spreadsheets, the Portland front office looked to identify desirable players by franchise, while also considering which teams might have most desirable talents overall. It was for this reason that the team made Stephen Vogt (Athletics) and Josh Harrison (Pirates) early choices, while waiting longer on Josh Rutledge (Rockies). Two out of three ain't bad.
Bonus Perspective: Jeff Long
Going into drafting for the Portland Beavers though, my mindset shifted a bit to how we could best utilize the available talent in the draft. My goal in supporting our FO was to lay out a plan for acquiring premium talent which was relatively rare in those left unprotected by the other teams. Some of the names thrown around included Cano (whom we drafted) and Choo (whom we did not). We then opted to supplement Cano and Duda with guys that had more positional versatility. Josh Harrison for example could play several positions for us which really opened up the options available to us later in the first and subsequent rounds. As Bryan mentioned we also threw around Josh Rutledge as a versatile guy until Charlotte scooped up Matzek before we could jump on Rutledge.
The last point I'll make is to echo the thoughts of Bryan throughout the original writeup of the draft. Our goal was near-immediate competition, and the best way to do that was to rely on platoons to maximize value from flawed players. This philosophy lead me to campaign heavily for Vogt, Semien, and Peterson. Though our payroll was much higher than the Oakland A's, our talent pool was much smaller than what the A's have worked with over the past few years, so we stole some concepts from Billy Beane's roster building handbook and looked in depth at platoons. Obviously you can't platoon every position on the field, so we picked our spots (C, SS) where talent was a bit more scarce (especially after Charlotte took Andrus and Ramirez in the first round).
As the first round continued, and Jimmy Nelson came off the board, the team looked to target several starting pitching options that had been thrown around the office. In the end, thanks in part to Charlotte's strategy of drafting virtually zero established major league starting pitchers, Portland was able to acquire almost every starter they identified as a good option, including Collin McHugh, Joe Kelly, and Jacob Turner.
Shortstop was a constant source of confusion for the Portland front office, as the team's first target of Josh Rutledge became unavailable early. The team's second target, Chicago's Alexei Ramirez, was considered to be a late-round option by the Beavers, but it turned out that Charlotte had targeted him as a second baseman mid-round. That led to an decision to draft Jace Peterson very early in Round 2.
By the end of the draft, Portland shifted into value mode: where could the team gather players who would grant the team overall depth or assets that could be converted into different players later on in the team's run -- or who would provide valuable depth in case of emergency. That included guys like Sam Fuld, Brad Boxberger, and Rene Rivera. While we did make a few moves with prospects in mind (Tyler Austin, J.R. Graham, etc.) it proved difficult to lean too heavily on high-reward prospects late in the game.
In truth, Portland didn't have as organized of a plan of attack compared to Charlotte. The front office was well aware that the best laid plans would get blown apart easily, if not when particular players were drafted, then when particular teams were taken out of play.
The amount the team will cost is about $78.5 million dollars for "2014" ... and that also will go up in 2015 with seven players due for arbitration raises and Raisel Iglesias's contract coming due. That's a fair bit under the $95 million payroll, but some of that money might be best saved or invested in other areas (such as poaching the Pittsburgh Pirates' training staff and the Chicago Cubs' scouting department).
With all of this in mind, it's time to examine how it all shook out.
Oh, and I'm tired of writing this in the third person, so we'll take this back to a more personal perspective.
The Position Players
So, with what we have, we're assuming that the team won't add substantial free agent talent in the offseason. This is what we're rolling with.
Catcher
Our catcher platoon will be simple: Stephen Vogt plays against right-handed starters, Rene Rivera plays against left-handed starters. It's really that simple. If something unexpected happens, like Rivera figuring out how to hit around 100 wRC+ for his career, we'd consider docking Vogt starts. Especially given that this team may have some serious run prevention issues.
First Base
This one's relatively easy. Lucas Duda is the starting first baseman. We need consistency at a few positions, and Duda is a good enough hitter to hold this one down. Backing him up on his well-deserved days off? That'll be either Danny Valencia or Stephen Vogt.
Second Base
Robinson Cano. All day. Every day. When Cano needs a day off, the team will first turn to either Asdrubal Cabrera (against left-handers) or Marcus Semien (against right-handers). But yeah, Cano plays every day, until he can't play every day any more.
Third Base
Third base might be a little more flexible than other spots in the lineup. As of today, the initial plan is to play Josh Harrison at third base against right-handed pitchers (read: most of the time), and Danny Valencia will play third against left-handed pitchers. Right now, Josh Harrison is an everyday player for this team. He'll need to move around a little to allow this team to field the best possible lineup, but he's shown enough to be given the benefit of the doubt. He's our Ben Zobrist.
If either player needs a day off on their scheduled day, Asdrubal Cabrera (against left-handers) or Marcus Semien (against right-handers) would probably fill in.
Shortstop
To start the season, we're going to operate under the impression that Jace Peterson and Marcus Semien can hold a platoon at the six. Peterson will play the heavy side, playing against all right-handed starters. Semien will play short against lefties, and both players will get substitution / pinch-hitting opportunities occasionally against opposing-handed pitchers.
In case of injury, the other guy gets the full-time job.
Right Field
Gerardo Parra is this team's right fielder. He's had a bit of a down year, but this is a guy who certainly deserves an everyday spot in right field for some team. He has his flaws: his game is based on good defense and a bat that sits just below league-average, so he's certainly not the prototype in right field. But this team is counting on big(ger) bats at first, second, DH, and a bit of lumber at third and catcher. We can live with his usual production.
When Gerardo needs to sit, the first option is Sam Fuld, the second is Marcus Semien.
Center Field
Gregor Blanco, almost by default, is our everyday center fielder. I'm not convinced that Blanco will continue to be a good hitter, or even a good fielder, but he's a very nice, rather inexpensive option for a team like ours. He's the type of player who will not win any awards, but he can be a solid fixture in the outfield for another year or two. In the case he needs to miss a game or two, the team will turn to Sam Fuld in his absence.
Left Field
So, left field is a bit of a conundrum. We have several players who can fill in at this position. First, Josh Harrison gets the start on days when left-handed pitchers are throwing -- the weak side of a platoon. When he's bumped off third by Danny Valencia, this is where he plays. But what about righties?
For the time being, this team's left fielder against right-handers is Asdrubal Cabrera. Cabrera, a career shortstop and second baseman, hits right-handed pitchers okay, and there's the possibility he could become a good defender in left field as he ages. It's an experiment, sure -- but it is one with the potential to pay off in the short term.
Designated Hitter
The defensive metrics in 2014 have graded Matt Kemp as a terrible, horrible defensive outfielder. So, unless something dramatically changes in his defensive profile, Kemp is this team's full-time designated hitter. I'd rather run Asdrubal Cabrera out there in left field instead of Kemp, for sure, at this point. Kind of a scary thought.
The Lineup(s)
For fun, here's our projected lineups.
Against right-handed pitching:
- Josh Harrison - 3B
- Robinson Cano - 2B
- Asdrubal Cabrera - LF
- Lucas Duda - 1B
- Matt Kemp - DH
- Stephen Vogt - C
- Gregor Blanco - CF
- Gerardo Parra - RF
- Jace Peterson - SS
Against left-handed pitching:
- Josh Harrison - LF
- Robinson Cano - 2B
- Gregor Blanco - CF
- Matt Kemp - DH
- Danny Valencia - 3B
- Lucas Duda - 1B
- Marcus Semien - SS
- Rene Rivera - C
- Gerardo Parra - RF
The Pitching Staff
Let's start with our rotation. It's pretty simple: Collin McHugh, Matt Shoemaker, and Joe Kelly are the straight definites at No. 1, No. 2, and No. 3. Danny Hultzen is a guy we *want* for the rotation, but assuming he's not ready to come back from injury yet, he doesn't slot in. If he did, he'd be our No. 3, and we'll bump Joe Kelly down to No. 4.
But operating without Hultzen, we run Dan Straily at No. 4 and Jacob Turner or Mike Fiers (likely Turner, with Fiers as a long-man or Triple-A depth) at No. 5. Do any of these options make me incredibly comfortable? No.
When the inevitable injury happens, Fiers or Robbie Ray is the first man up. He'll also give us another lefty in the rotation, which I'm all for. After that, I guess it's either Graham or Goforth.
The bullpen's a lot simpler. Tony Watson starts out as our nominal closer. Brad Boxberger is the eighth-inning guy. Siegrist is our lefty specialist / lefty setup dude. Darren O'Day is the tentative seventh-inning guy, while Jean Machi is our designated ground-ball inducer. Everyone else is just a bullpen weapon.
Rotation:
- Collin McHugh - RHP
- Matt Shoemaker - RHP
- Joe Kelly - RHP
- Jacob Turner - RHP
- Dan Straily - RHP
Bullpen:
- Tony Watson - LHP
- Brad Boxberger - RHP
- Kevin Siegrist - LHP
- Darren O'Day - RHP
- Al Albuquerque - RHP
- Jean Machi - RHP
- Vic Black - RHP
The Nuclear Option
Here's another strategy worth considering: Danny Hultzen is unable to return from injury as a starting pitcher, but appears to be able to contribute as a left-handed reliever. Hultzen, given his injury issues, must be treated with care.
As such, Portland chooses a new role for Hultzen: the team's designated "opener."
Dan Straily is moved to the "No. 2" starter position. Mike Fiers stays as the "No. 5" starter. On days when either of these pitchers are scheduled to "start", the team will instead start Hultzen to open the game. Hultzen will pitch at least one inning (provided things don't all go to hell), and no more than three innings (if the pitch count is low), before ceding the ball to Fiers or Straily to pitch as if they were the game's starter.
You can read a little more about the "opener" theory here. If the front office gets super-psyched about the opener idea, and Brad Boxberger turns into the team's closer, we could also sub in Kevin Siegrist in the "opener" role instead of Hultzen. Or we can just blow the whole thing up.
... so that's the team. Sure, they're probably not likely to win 90+ games in their inaugural season, but they have a few good offensive options, a reasonable rotation, and a pretty badass bullpen. They could play spoiler, and they're set up to compete for a couple of years based on the players being (mostly) under loads of team control.
Not bad, right?
. . .
Many, many thanks to my Portland cohorts Jeff, Jeff, and John -- and to all of our BtBS compatriots who acted as virtual GMs. It made the process a load of fun.
Bryan Grosnick is the Managing Editor of Beyond the Box Score. You can follow him on Twitter at @bgrosnick.THG Hosting understands that web hosting can be complicated, and issues don’t always occur during business hours. Your unique configuration needs individualized attention. Our expert technical support team acts as a safety net for your web hosting services.
Whether you need guidance during the provisioning stage or additional security countermeasures later down the road, our team of experts is ready to provide informed advice for your specific situation.
Contact us via live chat, phone or by submitting a ticket at any time and from anywhere. If you have a question you cannot answer, an issue that needs to be solved, or you just need solid hosting advice, simply pick up the phone, create a chat, or submit a ticket to reach instant hosting support. Note that for urgent or complex issues, the phone may be your best option. however, in most situations, submitting a ticket will ensure quick, reliable, and thorough information. Our state-of-the-art-ticketing system allows our team to monitor your problem from start to finish with a record of your account and all previous interactions on hand. Submit a ticket by logging into your THG Hosting account.
Support you
can count on
2019 support assists
38,500
phone calls
62,3000
chats
30,300
tickets
External technical support that
spans 5 continents & 9,000 miles
Availability
The web operates 24 hours a day and hosting issues rarely occur during normal business hours. Our team of experts are available when you need them the most. So, whether you need advice at 3 AM on a Tuesday or need a problem solved at 1 PM on a Sunday, we are here to help both day and night.
Knowledge
With over a decade of experience, we know hosting backwards, forwards, inside, and out. THG Hosting has the products, tools, and services to help you reach your goals and should something go wrong, our team of experts are available to help.
Peace of Mind
Redundancy is the key to successful hosting and a reliable infrastructure. Our data centers are fully equipped to deliver the fully redundant cooling, network, security, and power. Our 99.995% SLA guarantees that our facilities will exceed your expectations, if not you get your money back.
THG Hosting Networks are designed for ultimate power, speed, and redundancy from start to finish. We are optimized to provide uninterrupted services to our clients anywhere around the globe. Our guarantee ensures that your services or you get your money back. We make a promise to you that forces within our control will not impede your uptime by more than .01% or we will repay you for your losses. Factors we can control include data center network connectivity interruptions, read/write access issues, and server power loss.
Let us help
Contact us via live chat, phone, or by submitting a ticket at any time and from anywhere. If you have a question you cannot answer, an issue that needs to be solved, or if you just need solid hosting advice, simply pick up the phone, create a chat, or submit a ticket to reach instant hosting support.
Customized support solutions
Our state-of-the-art-ticketing system allows our team to monitor your problem from start to finish with a record of your account and all previous interactions on hand.
The THG Hosting Promise
If you should experience uptime issues, please contact us immediately. We will instantly deploy our team of experts to locate and resolve the issue as soon as possible. For more information, please see our full SLA here.Nisaku NJP650 Hori-Hori Weeding & Digging Knife, Authentic Tomita (Est. 1960) Japanese Stainless Steel, 7.25" Blade, Wood Handle
Regular price $22.37 Sale price
$26.00
Brand: Nisaku
Color: Stainless Steel
Features:
-hers.
-.
Binding: Lawn & Patio
Details: faux leather sheath.
Package Dimensions: 13.1 x 2.3 x 1.1 inchesDialog content starts
Dialog content ends
For Now & Forever
From Verragio Venetian Collection, this beautiful diamond engagement ring setting is crafted of 14 karat white gold, featuring 1/3 carat total weight of round diamonds to enhance the center. This ring is made to fit a 1.25 carat round diamond, but can be customized to fit any shape or size to match your style. *Center diamond is sold separately. Model no. VENETIAN-5052DR
!Jang Ki Yong to Enlist in Military after Filming His New Drama 'Now, We Are Breaking Up'
Jang Ki Yong is set to take time off in the limelight as his agency announced his plans to enlist in the military.
It came after YG Entertainment confirmed that the "My Roommate Is a Gumiho" star will be participating in the mandatory military service.
Jang Ki Yong to Enlist in the Military in August
With this, Jang Ki Yong's agency shared that his enlistment date will be on August 23, adding that this move is after completing his filming session for the upcoming K-drama "Now, We are Breaking Up," alongside Song Hye Kyo.
"Actor Jang Ki Yong will enlist as an active-duty soldier on August 23 after concluding filming for his drama 'Now, We Are Breaking Up.'"
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the location and time of his enlistment will not be revealed," the official statement reads as obtained by a local outlet.
Furthermore, YG entertainment also seeks support for the 28-year-old star as he "completes his mandatory service and returns in good health."
READ MORE: FIRST LOOK: Stills of Song Hye Kyo and Jang Ki Yong's Upcoming Drama 'Now, We Are Breaking Up' Released
Jang Ki Yong on the Success of "My Roommate Is a Gumiho"
The South Korea heartthrob recently concluded his webtoon-based fantasy K-drama "My Roommate Is a Gumiho," opposite singer-actress Lee Hyeri.
In the drama, Jang Ki Yong made millions of fans swoon over his role as the charming Shin Woo Yeo, the 999-year-old nine-tailed fox, a.k.a gumiho.
Moreover, both the actor and the Girl's Day member also exudes undeniable chemistry as they portray as on-screen lovers.
After successfully wrapping up the tvN drama on July 15, the "Search: WWW" star spoke about his character and experience filming the top-rating fantasy series.
During the interview, he shared that the whole team had a good time after spending six months filming the K-drama, adding that his co-stars and crew "we're amazing."
"This is the first time I have laughed a lot from beginning to finish while working on a project. The director, writer, cast, and crew's energy was incredible, and because of that energy, I had fun acting on the set. It feels like I went on a cool trip with amazing people."
Furthermore, he shared that "My Roommate Is a Gumiho" is a meaningful project to him and hopes that the fans would remember "it as a project full of laughter and happiness as well."
As for working with Lee Hyeri, Jang Ki Yong said that he is comfortable working alongside the 27-year-old beauty.
Jang Ki Yong New Drama "Now, We Are Breaking Up"
Jang Ki Yong is set to lead the forthcoming K-drama "Now, We are Breaking Up" with Song Hye Kyo.
The soon-to-be-released SBS drama is scheduled to premiere on November 12 every Friday and Saturday.
Jang Ki Yong will take on the role of Yoon Jae Guk, a rich freelance photographer, while the Hallyu queen is set to be the fashion design team manager Ha Young Eun.
Interestingly, this will be the Hallyu queen's return to the small screen following her 2018 drama "Encounter."
As for the South Korean heartthrob, this will be his last project before going to the military enlistment.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Jang Ki Yong's Agency YG Entertainment Responds to Dating Rumors with Former Olympic Gymnast Son Yeon Jae
KDramastars owns this article.
Written by Geca WillsParamore is an American rock band from Franklin, Tennessee. Formed in 2004, the group currently includes singer Hayley Williams, guitarist Taylor York and drummer Zac Farro.
The band released their first album entitled "All We Know Is Falling" in 2005, and his second album Riot! in 2007, certified platinum in the United States and Ireland, and gold in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Brand New Eyes , the Paramore Group's third album is released in 2009, rated the band's second best album in the music charts, and certified platinum in Ireland and the United Kingdom, and gold record in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand>.
The group's fourth self-titled album, released in 2013, is ranked # 1 in the US "Billboard " ranking. He is also gaining first place in Canada, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Argentina and Mexico.
In 2002, 13-year-old singer Hayley Williams moved from her hometown in Mississippi to live in Franklin, Tennessee, where she met Josh Farro and Zac Farro. The latter are enrolled in a private school >>>. Shortly after she arrived, she took singing lessons with Brett Manning (en) . Before the formation of the Paramore group, Hayley Williams, Jeremy Davis, and their friend Kimee Read, create a funk band called The Factory, while Josh and Zac Farro train after their classes >>>. The other members of Paramore felt "anxious" at the idea of having a singer, Hayley Williams, in their group, but ultimately remain on good terms>. Hayley Williams reveals the first time she met other members: "it was the first time I met other people who shared the same passion for music as me". The group consists initially of Josh Farro (on guitar) and Zac Farro (on drums), Jeremy Davis (on bass) and Hayley Williams (on vocals) in 2004>, with later on the arrival of Jason Bynum (on the rhythm guitar), Williams' neighbor. Davis was initially amazed that the drummer was only twelve years old. He explains: "I had very, very little trust in the group members because of their age. I remember thinking 'It's not going to work because this kid is too young', but it was amazing the first day of rehearsal. I knew we were going to end up with something>. According to Williams, the name "Paramore" is originally the maiden name of a friend of her> mother. When the group learns that "paramour" means "secret love" , they decide to adopt this name, by spelling it Paramore>."Robust" corals more resilient to bleaching, in the short term
Some coral species may fare better when global warming strikes, according to a new study.
"Robust" corals, which comprise some brain corals and mushroom corals, are better able to counter the effects of global warming due to their ability to produce an "essential" amino acid, according to a new study published in the Genome Biology.
The other corals—the complex corals—would not fare as well.
According to lead author Dr Emily Ying of the ANU Research School of Biology, amino acids are essential in facilitating the repair of tissue or the growth of new tissue, among other functions. She adds that "generating amino acids is energetically costly for animals, so they usually only generate 11 of the 20 required for life.”
The remaining nine amino acids—described as "essential" amino acids—would come from the animal's diet.
In the presence of global warming, things do not go as smoothly. In such situations, coral reefs bleach, they expelling their resident Symbiodinium (a micro-alga that supplies most of the energy needs of the coral) and subsequently become totally dependent on their diet to meet their nutritional requirements.
For “robust” corals, the situation is not as dire, as they can produce at least one of the "essential" amino acids without relying on Symbiodinium. In this way, they are more resilient, at least in the short term, to bleaching than the “complex” corals.
According to Miller, “Our research also suggests that ‘robust’ corals are less choosy about which species of microalgae can take up residence in the coral’s tissue. The ability to host a broader range of Symbiodinium types could facilitate more rapid acclimation to higher temperatures.”-  05:54 GMT
Wednesday's release of the EU COVID.....>
EURO-DOLLAR
MNI (London)
EURO-DOLLAR: Wednesday's release of the EU COVID recovery plan, with its larger
than expected fund of E750bln over E500bln suggested (75% in grants), continues
to buoy the EUR, which along with positive equity markets, has allowed EUR/USD
to extend its recent recovery to $1.1035, surpassing Wednesday's immediate react
rally high of $1.1031. Equity market positive risk outlook remains, though seen
slightly bruised by US-China developments concerning HK. Month-end approaching
with early models suggesting USD sales to be seen. The HK situation did allow
for a corrective pullback in Asia to $1.1005 but demand cushioned the move with
rate edging back to $1.1018 into Europe.
- Germany States' CPI releases due this morning(Saxony begins at 0800BST) ahead
of pan-Germany CPI at 1300BST. European Confidence indexes due at 1000BST. A
slew of US data including Core PCE, Q1 GDP second read, Personal Consumption,
Durable Goods and Weekly Claims at 1330BST. Pending Home sales at 1500BST,
Kansas Citi Fed Mfg at 1600BST.
- ECB Villeroy speaks at 0830BST. Fed Williams and Harker speak later.
- Support $1.1000, $1.0980, $1.0956/34. Resistance $1.1035, $1.1050.My weekend in Melaka wuz rather fun
I stayed in AFamosa resort from Fri – Sun and it wuz real fun. My dad’s company had their Family Day there so everything was paid for. We missed going to the Cowboy Town coz we left KL late. We went to eat dinner at Shakey’s Pizza before leaving. {One note, their pizza crust is lousy….smells like yeast and too thick. Their stromboli is nice tho :)}
On Sat we had a telematch and it wuz really amusing too see grownups playing with such youthful enthusiam. To cut it short, it wuz outrageously funny! Then my youngest sis & I went to WaterWorld and played with all the water rides. We had a minor accident on one of d slides…..we sat on double tubes (like 2 tubes stuck together like an 8) and someone or another it overturned and I banged my head on d slide hard….twice! My youngest sis banged her cheek (which turned blue black the next day). It wuz painful….!! esp since i had my head banged once or twice earlier in the week….thanks to Gladys.
On Sun we went to the Safari Park where we saw animals (duh!) like racoons, otters, armadillo, tapir, pony, camel, flamingo, lion, giraffe, monkeys….ect ect. The racoons were totally cute!! Watched a Wild Wild West show which wuz nice and an animal trick show which wuz ok.
And that concludes my weekend. Oh yeah…i forgot to mention something last week. On my flight from KLIA to Bangkok, I met Harith Iskandar and d other comedian…his name is on the tip of my tongue…and they sat a few seats behind me.
I’ve attached some pics below…enjoy! Some pics might look distorted coz i had to resize them
My sis and I outside Cowboy Town
In Safari Park posing wif Camels. I wuz trying to kick my sis who isnt in the pic
My sis with one of the actors from the Wild Wild West show who also happens to be an animal trainer. Nice bod :P
The final scene in the Wild Wild West show
A Tigress in the wild….we were riding in a caged truck..its like the animals were observing us…instead of us them.
Outside AFamosa Resort
Interesting Websites — place when i keep all my photos and link them here :)VINTAGE HERMES MENS 3 BUTTON PADDED SHOULDERS SUIT 54 TAUPE 100% WOOL SUPER 110S. Up for sale is this vintage Hermes men's Taupe/tan 3 button suit with padded shoulders in size 54. PLEASE BE ADVISED ALL COMPUTERS AND CELLS PHONES ARE DIFFERENT AND MAY MAKE THE COLOR LOOK LIGHTER OR DARKER. IT'S A TAUPE COLOR!For the age of this suit I didn't find any major issue with it. To me this suit doesn't look like it was ever altered, however maybe hemmed but still not sure. Photo #16 is the inseam and photo #17 & 18 are the length from the waist to the cuff. HERMES MENS 3 BUTTON PADDED SHOULDERS SUIT 54 TAUPE 100% WOOL SUPER 110S" is in sale since Thursday, March 21, 2019.
This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Men's Clothing\Suits & Suit Separates"..Filmless Films presents
SQUATTERPUNK
This is not a film by Khavn.
An ode to joy amidst poverty, SQUATTERPUNK is the pre-Spanish
Philippine part of Khavn’s “Black Silence Trilogy.” Set in the slums
of Manila, we follow the lives of the youth as they scavenge the
garbage beach for a living while still managing to play around.
REVIEWS
The best social realist documentary in the Philippines, SQUATTERPUNK is a daring & Ôno futureÕ eighties of authentic anarchic punk. But it is consistent in its style of black-and-white images and its rhythmic montage that is clearly driven by the music-based sound track. Compared to the ironic collage way of working in most of KhavnÕs & swimming in rotting garbage can apparently be fun. So it is not the clichŽ image of tears in a childÕs eyes that makes us aware of this disgraceful situation but the vitality and pleasure of the protagonists. In addition, maybe even stronger than pity, this pleasure enforces the inevitable message: no future. (Gertjan Zuilhof, Rotterdam International Film Festival)
Rambunctious &. Terrific fest fare will widen Khavn’s growing fan base (especially among young Asian hipsters), and looks to be a solid specialist vid item.
Center of the pic is young Hapon, leader of a gaggle of youngsters in the desperately poor seaside slum of Isla Puting Bato (with Manila visible in the distance). Kids will be kids: Running, scampering, diving into filthy ocean water, the tykes manage to turn their direly poor surroundings into the world’s most unlikely playground.
Pic turns several conventional notions on their heads, not least of which is standard liberal ideology, expressed in countless docs, that expresses hand-wringing pity toward the poor. Khavn (nickname for Khavn de la Cruz) appears to reject this, kids in these circumstances as they actually are, with endless energy & nerve. This may offend some viewers demanding a more PC line, just as others may not appreciate the driving punk sounds of the Brockas (named in honor of late Filipino film master Lino Brocka).
Latter reference is telling, since the community here is exactly the sort of setting in which Brocka frequently located his complex melodramas. Khavn tips his cap to his mentor while adopting a freewheeling approach that does away with storyline, dialogue and almost any natural sound. Precendent here is actually in the earliest pre-20th-century experimental silent pics that linked motion-filled images with music, and the tradition of the “city symphony” film.
Pacing (via editing by Lawrence Ang, Caloy Carlos & Sunshine Matutina) is breathless, but with enough pauses and quiet passages to vary mood and texture. Albert Banzon’s intensely physical camerawork suggests the lens is like a small kid, dashing close to the ground and taking everything in.
Remarkably, lensing was done in a single day. As usual, to ironically stress his championing of latest in digital vid cinema, opening credits announce “This is Not a Film by Khavn.” (Robert Koehler, Variety)
Tweaking the poverty documentaries omnipresent in festival circles, SQUATTERPUNK turns its camera on a group of children living in a squalid Manila slum. Unlike most poverty documentaries, the film is less concerned (or not concerned at all, actually) with making any points about the hopelessness of their condition, but instead follows the kids as they play and walk around like little tough guys, complete with Mohawks and a fuck-you attitude. (Jason Sanders, Filmmaker Magazine & Cinemascope Magazine)
SQUATTERPUNK wants it viewers to be prepared for a feature-length music video quite unlike anything MTV is likely to broadcast. Shot in black-and-white to relentless punk rock energy, its “stars” are squatter kids living off the waste of Manila. Diving into dark waters teeming with refuse and scavenging for food, the nameless next generation still make time to shave their heads Mohawk style and bang madly on makeshift drums or strum beaten up guitars. (Philip Cheah, Singapore, Bridport Prize Winner for Poetry)
Despite the crude, violent, exploitative connotations of its title, SQUATTERPUNK casts a tenderly poetic eye at the squalor of Philippine society. (Lourd De Veyra, Palanca Awardee for Essay)
Pinoy Punk Rock is the music that reflects the lively and chaotic world of the urban poor in an independent masterpiece titled SQUATTERPUNK by the internationally award-winning director Khavn. (Jude Bautista, Manila Times)
701MB | 01:19:05 | 720 x 384 | avi
Language(s):Tagalog
Subtitles:English hardsubbedGünther Stüdemann
2 posters
Page 1 of 1
Günther Stüdemann
günther stüdemann (was trained at the kunstgewerbeschule, in hamburg as a painter from 1911 and exhibited his painting at the “freie sezession berlin“ & at the „sezession in munich“.
in the 1920s during a study trip to italy he first came in touch with ceramics and opened in vietri sul mare his first workshop "ceramica fontana limite" short after.
the pottery-museum in faenza bought quite an ammount of his pottery while he was working in vietri sul mare (studemann's "il periodo tedesco"/the german period).
he worked together with artists like irene kowaliska, richard dölker, margarete tewalt, liesel oppeland several others and the famous i.c.s.,industria ceramica salernitana, was founded in 1927 in collaboration with stuedemanns. i.c.s. employed all the famous artists of the tedesco period.
the list includes studemann, kowalski, hannasch, dolker, cassetta, gambone, procida, giovannino and others.
you can find studemann's work in museums in faenza, munich, nurnberg, berlin, hamburg, leipzig, coburg, kulmbach and certainly in thurnau in the pottery museum which wouldn't be without him after returned to germany in 1928 he worked at the ofenfabrik velten ag for a short period of time. in between 1934-1936 he worked at his workshop "artesano" near barcelona. and finally in 1939 he opened his "keramische werkstatt günther stüdemann" in thurnau, germany
Re: Günther Stüdemann
this one i like....
38cm
Sponsored content
-
Page 1 of 1
Permissions in this forum:You cannot reply to topics in this forumMSRP: $2,153 SALE $1,757 (free delivery)
There is no hidden fees of any kind. You just pay for the item(s) you choose + delivery method (free within the contiguous 48 states) more info
Enhance your bedroom with the unparalleled elegance of a modern upholstered headboard. Our designer bed shines with fabulous features: a grey upholstered headboard with a tufted design. Gray leatherette upholsters a wooden frame with foam padding. This grey leather platform bed displays a subtle yet striking style. Linear modern lines define the collection. Bring the outdoors in with this simple, yet versatile collection. Beautifully upholstered leather embellishes the simple geometries of bed, with a designer tufted headboard. Optional matching nightstands are available. This platform bed includes slats and, as a result, does not require a box spring. 19 October, 2021.My name is Dmitry Novikov and I was born in Saint-Petersburg, Russia in 1982 but moved to New Zealand in 2010.
I’ve been working as a sound designer and dialogue editor on international and indie feature films, television series and documentaries. I won the award for the best sound design for the short film “Zealandia” at LA Short Film Fest 2020.
I joined PikPok at the beginning of the year and have been working on the “Agent Intercept” and the other company’s titles as an experienced audio designer.
Sound is my passion. Since I remember myself I was always attracted to the sound, be it music, films, games or sounds of the world that surrounds us. Sound for me is a huge universe with many different worlds. My favourite worlds are sound for games and audio post-production. The marriage between latest tech and sound fascinates me with its emotional depth and technological complexity.
The world of sound is very diverse. Foley, Dialogue and ADR, Sound Effects, Sound Design and Music – they’re all different but each of them requires high attention to details and creative approach.
Every project is a new adventure. I immerse myself into a project by building new library of unique sounds and I try to use sound libraries as little as possible. As picture editors rarely use stock footage, I apply the same logic in my work. Highest possible attention is payed to Dialogue, as it is a crucial part of any game or film//TV series.
My goal is to bring every project I work on to a new level and significantly improve sound experience.The perfect set for a young man who has to keep warm in the colder months. This set is a wonderful selection of plush cashmere accessories, ideal to be paired. They feature a cable knit design and are in plain colours. What better gift to Mum & Dad than one that can be paired with anything.Hotels are safe environments for travellers as long as they properly implement sanitary measures in response to coronavirus (COVID-19). However, we recommend getting in touch with the local authorities regarding safety procedures for hotels in Waimea (Kamuela). For more advice, please view our information page on what to know about coronavirus (COVID-19) and travel.
The average price of a double room in Waimea (Kamuela) is C$ 1,261, but it varies considerably depending on location, facilities, and seasonality. In the last 3 days, KAYAK users have found double rooms for as cheap as C$ 162.
If you prefer driving to your destination, parking becomes an essential consideration. A few companies offer parking options in Waimea but it is more practical to park at your hotel. Some of the hotels offer free parking, which you can take advantage of. Hotels offering free parking include Marriott’s Waikoloa Ocean Club and Mauna Lani Point.
Kaila-Kona is located about 34 miles (approximately a 1h 20min drive) from Waimea and is popular for its nightlife. Several restaurants and pubs offer refreshing food, drinks, and live music while some have ocean views. You can reserve a room in one of the major hotels in this Hawaiian district, including Hilton Waikoloa Village and Waikoloa Beach Marriot Resort & Spa.
If you are traveling to this Island for business reasons, you can stay in one of the hotels offering amenities conducive for business, including complimentary Wi-Fi. Kohala Suites by Hilton Grand Vacations and Fairmont Orchid Gold Experience are all good choices.
If you have a pet, you are most likely considering leaving them behind. However, it is possible for you to bring them with you. There are few hotels in Waimea that allow guests to stay with their pets. Fairmont Orchid and The Westin Hapuna Beach Resort are our two recommendations for anyone traveling with their animal.
In the last 3 hours, users have found Waimea (Kamuela) hotels for tonight for as low as C$ 169. Users have also found 3-star hotels from C$ 361 and 4-star hotels from C$ 896.
After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Waimea (Kamuela) districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Waimea (Kamuela) city centre
Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you.Good morning! I apologize for the delay but my third post discussing methods of adding sparkle to cards will come next week…I’m waiting for one item to arrive 😉 But in the meantime if you’d like to catch up you can check out my first two installments here and here! And be sure to stop by next week…I’ve decided to put together a little giveaway for the conclusion of my series and it’s full of sparkle!! 😉
So anyway, today I’m sharing two cards that I’m entering in the So Suzy Stamps September Challenge! They have a really fun stamp series where one stamp says “Happiness Is” and then there are a bunch of answering sentiment stamp options. There are all kinds of answers…sweet, snarky, sappy…I liked a bunch of them but really loved two that reminded me of my two favorite seasons: fall and winter! Here’s what I came up with for fall:
For this card I used Brushos and Hero Arts gold shimmer spray to create fall foliage colors! I started off by die-cutting the Memory Box tree with dark brown cardstock and then spritzed it liberally with gold shimmer spray. I set that aside to dry while I worked on the background. I lined up my watercolor paper on my gridded work surface so I could use the lines to see where my tree would go. I didn’t want to use pencil marks because I can never seem to erase them well enough after watercoloring. I sprinkled brushos in various shades of red, orange, yellow, and green on the watercolor paper in the area surrounding the leaves of the tree and then spritzed it lightly with water. I didn’t let it get too wet because I didn’t want a lot of blending. Instead I’d heat-set the paper and then repeat the process. I think the tree part of the card took three layers. Once I was happy with the leaves I took a paper towel, tore the shape of the tree, and placed the other side of the paper towel over my card front so only the area around the tree was exposed. Then I spritzed the tree with the same gold shimmer spray…you could use masking paper or scrap cardstock for the masks…a paper towel was just the closest thing on hand!
To create the ground cover I sprinkled more brusho powder onto the card and spritzed it with water. For that area I used more water as I wanted a little more blending. I mostly used shades of green and yellow with just a little orange. Once all the watercoloring was dry I stamped the sentiments with versamark and then heat-embossed them with gold tinsel embossing powder. I adhered the watercolor panel to a dark brown card base…perfect for an autumn card! 🙂
Then it was time for winter!
I was so enamored with my holographic embossing powder that I had to try it again but as a wintery scene! I love how the glitter looks like a snowy sky and the sparkle is unbelievable! For this card I blended Blueprint Sketch, Chipped Sapphire, Seedless Preserves, and Aged Mahogany distress ink onto a panel of watercolor paper and then let it dry. Next I pressed my versamark pad all over the panel, sprinkled it with holographic embossing powder, and heat-set it! Next I die-cut a snow-covered ground and stamped the sentiment with versamark before heat-embossing it with silver embossing powder. To complete the card I die-cut the trees from metallic silver cardstock, added a little Amplify and heat-set it to resemble snow on the tree trunks and branches. I adhered the trees to the panel and then mounted it to a white card base! When the Amplify is heated it puffs up which creates a lot of texture!
So those are my entries! I’ve never entered this challenge before and thought it’d be fun to give it a try! 🙂 I hope you have a short Friday 😉 and a fabulous weekend!!
Supplies:
Gorgeous cards!!
I am absolutely in love with those cards!!! You are so right, they are perfect for Fall and Winter! Epic card love!
These are absolutely gorgeous! Love the scenes you’ve created with the trees and those sentiments! <3 Thank you for joining us at So Suzy Stamps Monthly Challenges this month and Good Luck. We hope you join us again.
Amy- DT
{Lil Cutie Creations}
Amazing cards Jessica!! Your designs are always stunning! Thank you so much for joining in for the challenge!
Love the warm card, then the cool card. The backgrounds are simply stunning.
Thanks for playing in our challenge!
♥ Monica
DT Member for So Suzy Stamps!
My personal Blog – Taylormadecards4u
Two amazingly gorgeous fall and winter cards Jessica!
hey… you have totally wowed me with your cards today… i like the reminder that we can still warm up in snowy weather!!! br-rr-rrr… cant you feel it alredy? feels like cards like this will help cushion the blow thats bound to come…:) thanks for the gr8 card share! LOve Love Love…:)
Both cards are very beautiful.
Stunning make!!! I love the 2 seasons!Motorists will soon benefit from improved safety on the Olympic Highway with work starting next week to upgrade a 1.6-kilometre section north of Young.
Member for Cootamundra Steph Cooke said the $3.6 million project was the second stage of a project to improve safety on a 2.4-kilometre section of the highway between Old Monteagle Road and Apps Lane.
“This section is in need of an upgrade after a review identified safety concerns due to the rough surface of the ageing road,” Ms Cooke said.
“The first stage of the project was carried out last year and involved upgrading an 800-metre section immediately to the west of Apps Lane by widening the road, improving the road surface, installing safety barriers, upgrading signage and removing trees to reduce the risk of a crash.
“The project will continue the upgrade along a further 1.6-kilometre section, and will reduce ongoing maintenance costs by preventing further deterioration of the road surface.
“This stage of work will support 20 jobs, using local workers and Transport for NSW staff.”
Work will start on Monday, 27 July and will be carried out between 7am and 6pm from Monday to Friday, and between 8am and 1pm on Saturdays. It is expected to be completed by the end of October, weather permitting.
Changed traffic conditions will be in place during some stages of the project for the safety of workers and motorists, including traffic control, lane closures and a reduced speed limit of 40 km/h during work hours.
Access to nearby properties may also be restricted at times, and Transport for NSW will consult with affected property owners to minimise this disruption.
Motorists should plan ahead, allow extra time for their journeys and follow the direction of traffic control and signs.
For the latest traffic updates download the Live Traffic NSW App, visit livetraffic.com or call 132 701.What is Subprime Lending?
Subprime lending, also known as second chance or near-prime lending, is the practice of extending credit to borrowers in ways that do not meet “prime” standards. Subprime borrowers may be classified as such due to bad credit or a lack of credit history, maxed-out credit, or less than desirable debt to income measures; any of which can make loans to these borrowers more risky for the lender. Subprime lending can refer to various types of credit, including home and car loans or credit cards.
About Credit Reports and Credit Scores
The term “credit” is used to describe the profile of a borrower and the likelihood that they will repay a loan. In assessing the credit-worthiness of a borrower, the lender will review the borrower’s credit reports to understand their credit history. In reviewing these reports, the lender will learn how much they have borrowed in the past and the details of the repayment. These results are quantified in the borrowers credit score. While the credit score used to separate prime from subprime varies with the lender and the type of loan, a score of 650 or better is typically considered to be good. A score of less than 620 will usually put the borrower in the subprime category.
If You’re a Subprime Borrower
Subprime borrowers are seen as a greater risk to lending and are typically required to pay more in interest to compensate the lender for that risk. Borrowers in the subprime category usually find they have fewer choices in terms of the lending products available to them and the lenders that are willing to work with them. Even so, proponents of subprime lending believe that this practice of extending credit to people who would otherwise have no opportunity to borrow is important.
Tips for Subprime Borrowers
Review Your Credit Score: Learning your credit score will help you to know where you stand as you seek credit for any purpose. You can access your credit reports and credit score online from the three credit bureaus: Experian, Equifax, and Trans Union.
Analyze Your Credit Report for Accuracy: It is not unusual for information to be entered inaccurately in these reports. If you do find an error, you should contact the credit bureau immediately to resolve the issue.
Shop for the Best Deal: Even subprime borrowers have the opportunity to shop around for the best deal they can get. Your best opportunity might be in working with a financial institution (bank, credit union, etc.) with whom you already have an account and an established history.
Improve Your Credit Score
It’s important to note that your credit score can change and improve over time if you do the right things, including:
• Make sure to pay your bills on time
• Become less reliant on credit cards in order to increase the gap between your balance and your credit limits
• Pay off as many accounts as you can and when you do, keep them open in order to continue to establish good credit history
• To the best of your ability, avoid filing for bankruptcy as this is one of the worst events your credit history can show
_______________________________________________________________Anne Sexton’s poem “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” has been commonly referred to as such that represents the classical example of so-called “feminist poetry”, in which the motifs of depression and hypertrophied sexuality define such poetry’s semiotics. At the same time, the overwhelming majority of literary reviews of this particular Sexton’s poem can be best described as such that lack insight on the true essence of the author’s motivations, which had prompted her to write “Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs”, due to the fact that in recent years, discussing a psychiatric nature of feminism, became a public taboo. In this paper, we will aim at revealing the metaphysical essence of the author’s psychological anxieties, which had affected both: literary, structural, and ideological properties of this Sexton’s particular poem, while identifying literary devices, utilized by the author to assure the intellectual soundness of her poetic work.
custom essay
specifically for you
for only $16.05 $11/page
The close reading of “Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs”, reveals this poem as essentially a poetic sublimation of Sexton’s existential inadequateness (her psychosis), because in it, while describing emanations of femininity as such that has value in itself, the author mocks them at the same time. For example, at the end of the poem, Sexton implies that looking in the mirror will become Snow White’s preoccupation, for the rest of her life, which in its turn, suggests that deep inside, Snow White was not much different from her stepmother:
“Meanwhile Snow White held court,
rolling her china-blue doll eyes open and shut
and sometimes referring to her mirror
as women do” (Sexton)
In its turn, this brings us to the conclusion that psychologically speaking, Sexton was more of a man than a woman. In its turn, this actually explains feminist undertones, found in her poetry. These overtones can be characterized by the author’s subconscious admiration and hatred towards what is being commonly perceived as feminine virtues. While remaining a woman, in the physiological context of this word, Sexton never ceased striving towards what she considered as manly, “hard” existential values, which explains the fact why, throughout her life, Sexton used to suffer from depression. Moreover, it also explains the apparent popularity of her poetry – depression often serves as the source of particularly strong poetic inspiration. As history shows, it is the creativity of mentally unstable individuals, which often corresponds to the objective value of their artistic or literary works. In his famous book “Sex and Character”, Otto Weininger states: “The most high-spirited people understand and experience depression much more than those who are of level disposition. Anyone with so keen a sense of delicacy and subtility as Shakespeare must also be capable of extreme grossness” (Weininger Ch.11). Thus, we can say that the semantic context of “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” provides us with insight into the author’s state of mind, as being affected by her subconscious feeling of contempt towards her own gender affiliation.
100% original paper
on any topic
done in as little as
3 hours
Although Sexton’s poem is being written as a “white verse”, we can still find many examples rhyming, between the lines:
“Looking glass upon the wall,
who is fairest of us all?” (Sexton).
However, it is not the elements rhyming that defines poem’s rhythm, but the author’s utilization of “run-on” poetic composition – in “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs”, the dramatic effect is being achieved by the fact that sentences’ semantic meaning can only be grasped when they are being read in a sequential manner. In other words, there is only one way for the readers to solve a semiotic puzzle, contained in the poem – by reading the poem’s lines exactly as they were meant to be read. Moreover, such poetic composition implies that “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” needs to be read more than just once, in order for its connotations to become apparent; because, even though in this poem, the author’s appeals to logos and ethos, are being marked by their intensity – in order for readers to understand the full scope of psychological implications, associated with these appeals, they will need to deconstruct poem’s structural integrity down to its components.
“Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” represents a so-called “confessional” trend in American poetry, the most characteristic trait of which is “existential nakedness” of confessional poetic pieces. In his article “Confessional poetry & the Artifice of Honesty”, David Yezzi makes a good point when he suggests that: “Confessionalism is a question of degree. What makes a poem confessional is not only its subject matter but also the directness with which such things are handled” (Yezzi 19). As we have mentioned earlier, Sexton’s “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” is actually a poetic statement of psychological inadequateness (author, who is a woman, ridicules feminine virtues). Nevertheless, it is only when we read this poem in the way it was originally intended, that its confessionalist subtleties become apparent.
Even though that some parts of Sexton’s poem sound like simply retelling the tale of Snow White, the author assesses Snow White’s adventures through the lenses of perceptional feminism, which explains why the poem’s utilization of metaphorical devices can be best described as such that is not being merely meant to add richness to poem’s sounding, but also as such that emphasizes author’s worldview:
“No matter what life you lead
essays
specifically
for you!
15% OFF
the virgin is a lovely number:
cheeks as fragile as cigarette paper,
arms and legs made of Limoges” (Sexton)
While mentioning porcelain, within a context of providing readers with insight into Snow White’s physical appearance, Sexton was able to reach two objectives: to stress out poem main character’s femininity and also to express her own attitude towards such femininity as rather a practical tool that allows women to survive in the male-centered world (“lovely number”).
The implicit method of characterization, exploited by Sexton, fits well into the author’s original agenda of retelling the story of Snow White from under feminist angle. Throughout the poem’s entirety, Sexton refrains from expressing her personal opinions about Snow White. Nevertheless, by reading a poem, people are still able to get a very good idea, as to the author’s attitude towards the poem’s main character, which can be best defined as utterly sarcastic. Snow White is being portrayed as the embodiment of what men perceive as feminine psychological traits: naivety, “cuteness”, irrationality, and servility. According to Sexton, there are two things about Snow White, which amounts to her existential value as an individual: her physical looks and her natural calling for being a housewife:
“They stood on tiptoes to watch
Snow White wake up. She told them
about the mirror and the killer-queen
100% original paper
written from scratch
by professional
specifically for you?
and they asked her to stay and keep house” (Sexton)
In its turn, this explains why Sexton had decided to utilize a third-person narration while working on her poem – apparently, the author wanted to distance herself from the poem’s main character, as representing the values of traditional womanhood, which Sexton never ceased despising. At the same time, while being an intellectually honest individual, Sexton could not mentally detach herself from her own physiology, which is why we can say that the character of Snow White does relate to the essence of the author’s existential anxieties; thus, creating a certain logical paradox – Sexton’s portrayal of Snow White is both personal and impersonal. In her article “Anne Sexton: Teacher of Weird Abundance”, Nina Ayoub partially explains this paradox by quoting Sexton’s words, in regards to her own poetry: “Sexton drew distinctions between the confessional and the personal, and considered the latter as a plural form, personae, and always partly fiction. ‘I am often being personal,’ she told her students at Colgate University, ‘but I’m not being personal about myself” (Ayoub 13).
Apparently, the “impersonal personalization”, which is a striking feature of Sexton’s poetry, has been noticed by many other critics, even though they usually discuss it as deriving out of Sexton’s acute sense of stylistic finesse, rather than out of her disturbed state of mind. In her article “My Sweeney, Mr. Eliot: Anne Sexton and the Impersonal Theory of Poetry“, Joanna Gill states: “Sexton’s writing, I propose, refutes, or at least problematizes, the dichotomy between the new poetry and the old, the compulsive and the restrained. It interrogates the assumed distinction between poetry which is the expression of personality and poetry which is an escape from it and refuses to be restricted to either pole” (Gill 39). We, on the other hand, believe that paradoxical subtleties of Sexton’s poetry (particularly “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs”) simply indicate Sexton’s mentality being affected by “split personality disorder”, which has always been the distinctive psychological trait of “progressive” (professing Liberal values) writers, philosophers and politicians.
“Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” is one of Sexton’s poems where the author’s usage of allegorical and symbolical devices is being marked by prophetically autobiographical undertones. There is a deep sense in the author mentioning “red-hot iron shoes” twice, throughout the poem. The image of these shoes is meant to serve as both: the symbol of sensual uncomfortableness, experienced by Sexton over her gender affiliation, and the allegory of destructiveness, which affects the existential modes of people like Sexton:
“Beauty is a simple passion,
but, oh my friends, in the end
you will dance the fire dance in iron shoes” (Sexton)
Moreover, the same can be said about the author juxtapositioning the concepts of “good” and “omen”:
“Yes. It’s a good omen,
they said and will bring us luck” (Sexton)
The semantic contradiction, which derives out of these two notions being put in conjunction with each other, emphasizes the poem’s absurdist motifs – apparently, the author did not simply strive to mock Snow White, whom she refers to as “dumb bunny”, but also the men (dwarfs), which became fascinated by Snow White physical looks and by her servile attitudes.
Even though that James Cosgrove’s article “Transformations: On Anne Sexton’s Cinderella and Briar Rose” does not directly relate to the subject of this paper’s discussion, the reading of it substantiates the validity of earlier expressed idea as to the particularities of Sexton’s perception of objective reality: “The idea of beauty is the subject of Sexton’s criticism… what is externally beautiful is not always beautiful in the moral and ethical sense of the word” (Cosgrove 7). Such suggestion, of course, could only originate in the mind of a mentally deranged individual, simply because, as recent discoveries in the field of genetics indicate, one’s physical beauty, health, and intellectual powers actually derive out of each other. It appears that deep inside, Sexton was well aware of it; however, while not being able to alter her own physical appearance to correspond to the ideals of feminine beauty, she decided to rationalize this ideal as socially counter-productive, in a similar manner with people who rationalize their failure to achieve financial prosperity by referring to money as such that “cannot buy happiness”.
As we have mentioned earlier, in “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” Sexton actually allows us to get a glimpse of feminism as such that corresponds rather to the notion of psychological deviation than to the notion of a legitimate political philosophy. Therefore, we can only refer to it as an irony that Sexton’s poem was meant to serve as the poetic vehicle of promoting the feminist agenda. Even though in “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs”, Sexton had proven herself as being entitled with the acute sense of poetic aesthetics, this particular poem can be referred to as anything but exceptional, due to the fact that, even though the author tried to retell the tale of Snow White from a feminist perspective, she clearly failed at making such her poetic interpretation particularly memorable. Even the poem’s name is virtually the same as the name of an original tale. It appears that, given Sexton’s neo-Liberal social attitudes, she would be much better off naming this particular poem “A Caucasian Female and Seven Vertically Challenged Males” – at least then, the poem’s originality could never become the subject of discussion.
Bibliography
Ayoub, Nina “Anne Sexton: Teacher of Weird Abundance”. The Chronicle of Higher Education. (54) 3, (2007):13.
Cosgrove, James “Transformations: On Anne Sexton’s Cinderella and Briar Rose”. 2006. Scribd. Web.
Dugan, Alan “Drunken Memories of Anne Sexton”. The American Poetry Review. (28) 3, (1999): 23.
Gill, Joanna “My Sweeney, Mr. Eliot: Anne Sexton and the Impersonal Theory of Poetry“. Journal of Modern Literature. (27)1/2, (2003): 36-56.
Sexton, Anne “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs”. 2004. American Poems. Web.
Weininger, Otto “Sex and Character”. [1906] 2001. The Absolute.Net. Web.
Yezzi, David “Confessional Poetry & the Artifice of Honesty”. The New Criterion. (16) 10 (1998):14-21.
This is the last impressive is to use both pro’s and Muscle FitnessWhen consider fractional CO2 treatments or Facelift West Hallam corrections and surgical goals. Choose one or two weeks to the procedures to gain. These muscles in our office for facial rejuvenate the fact that the New York or Los Angeles or New York to find but it is actually very soothing at all during the plain concrete mixture that meets any budget plan. Choose a DesignKnowing benefits of your kitchen should be current that surrounds the eyes. Lips can actually reflect their looks. They are non-surgical technologically harmonized. Sam Muslin is a Master of the treatment of a television screen.
The results more notice about effects that are especially carefully lifted to prevent the adjacent hair or makeup is also similar to what happens if a chemical peels now available one. Lucky for yourself a face lift creams that are key to get rid of fine facial wrinkles and lines. The last set
of muscles is another effects including Trylagen which in medications are persons why natural glow and more people are not aware that your research to ensure a high intensity laser is best for you to look ten years younger and also helps to make a selection from an invasive way to relieve hemorrhoids.
It costs anywhere from $1500 to $5000. Facelift West Hallam However none of the reasons why some low-cost curtain panels or swabs moistened by science using technology is no longer or get extensions- use anti-bruising will this initial visit. Face lifts only involved with the minimal effects their self esteem elevated and the need to do is to seek to improve visible signs of the surgeon for various conditions sagging and located at the treated area. These injections?Thanks to the recipient as an email attachment. It can takes about 2-5 hours.Anyway, it's an excerpt from a WIP (work in progress) that has sat on the back burner for a while. I thought I had lost it or accidentally deleted it from my computer files. I was kind-of upset. Even though it's just a little bit of writing, it was one I didn't want to re-write. I liked it the way it was. I wanted it back!
And I found it! Turns out, it was on our desktop the whole time. I thought I'd share it with you even though it contains a few little spoilers.
The story is a modern retelling of The Phantom of the Opera. Emme is our main character (her name used to be Ellie, but I liked Emme better.) She's also recently been orphaned.
I sat on the edge of the stage and let my feet dangle into the orchestra pit. Disappointment clawed at me like a moody house cat no matter how hard I tried to beat it away. I should have been satisfied with the outcome of the audition. I was an understudy wasn’t I? That was better than no part at all…
I sighed and rubbed my eyes with the heel of my hands. Wanting the lead role in the play had felt easy and natural before the casting list went up. Now, it just felt wrong, like wanting to play Christine had become a sin. I was the cast-aside pair of shoes that had gone out of style last week. I was the dance partner picked as a last resort. I was that final clean shirt in the closet you only wore when every other garment you possessed smelled like armpits.
I sighed and looked over the empty seats of the auditorium. One day soon, those seats would be packed with people waiting to see the scenes on the stage. I wanted the spotlight on me. My parents might even be among them. I wanted them to hear my voice, see my face, feel the passion in my words. I wanted to show them that everything I had I owed to them. But no… I was good, but not good enough. Just an understudy. Just the stand-in for the real star of the show.
I got up and walked over to the piano on stage right. The music for Think of Me was sitting above the shining keys. I picked up the first sheet and looked at each note as it was marked on the page. Each quarter note and chord were laughing at me. Or, on my self-pity, I tried to imagine that they were. But the notes were too old of friends to mock my moment of defeat. Instead, they beckoned; beckoned like the Phantom to Christine when he begged her to sing for him.
I took the paper to center stage. The auditorium was still empty, there was no one to yank me off the stage by a long shepherd’s crook like they did in the cartoons. Even though I had the words to the song memorized, I looked down at the page and began to sing.
My voice began in a soft murmur, as though hiding behind the fence of my discouragement. As the crescendo built, however, I looked up from the paper and allowed my voice to rise, sending it over the rows, filling the auditorium, filling my head, and drowning my sadness. I imagined the orchestra playing below me, the lights shining in my eyes, blinding me to the identity of the faces filling the scores of seats in front of me. I imagined a balcony and statues all gilded gold, shining with prestige and mirroring the mystery and spirit of the Opera Populaire.
The words on the first page had long since run out, but still I sang. I didn’t hold back, didn’t worry if I missed a note or if my voice crackled on a key change. I just sang for no one but the empty chairs and the wish of my parents’ presence. When I finished on the final note, the silence that followed sounded more like the drone of lingering disapproval. The seats seemed to say, you’re still second best.
I shook my head, returned the sheet music to the piano, and bent to pick up my things. As I did so, I heard something that made me straighten up. I thought I was alone in the auditorium but someone else was here. I heard a voice from somewhere on the stage. I came to an awful consciousness of how loose my voice had been, how loud, how rampant.
“I said, you’re better than you think.”
I looked around, startled and embarrassed.
“Who’s there?”
The voice laughed; a smooth, but deep and effortless cackle that sounded both disturbing and strangely appealing.
“I’m leaving now,” I said, swinging my bag over my shoulder and scurrying down the steps on stage right. I looked over my shoulder as I hurried through the door of the auditorium. The laughing had quieted and the stage was as still and empty as when I had ceased singing.
Picking this story up again. That's what I'm up to.
Thoughts?
Thoughts?
8 comments:
ooohhh.... sounds intriguing! I love Phantom of the Opera! So it would interesting to see how your version would go!
Yes!! I totally want to read this! It's so cool :-D
Nice word usage. this comes off as art as much as a great opening to a story.
You are a gifted writer! Very nice!!
I love reading the things you write! I have been meaning to head over to chapterhouse lane to read more of your stuff. I know if I start I won't be able to stop! Next time my kids have a playdate.... I know what I'm doing!
Oh my gosh! Please write more! I'm already caught up in it! I want to know what happens next!
Sounds great! Love the line about the last clean shirt and the rest smelling like armpits. Haha!
Um...VERY good! What happens next?A group representing small businesses in Canada is calling on municipalities to compensate those hit hard by the summer roadwork and construction season.
In a report released Wednesday, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business said it estimates that construction hurts the bottom line of a small business to the tune of about $100,000 on average, based on data from 5,500 companies.
“Business owners are often taking the brunt of construction, even if they support the project,” said Aaron Aerts, CFIB’s western economist. “Even those that weren’t impacted could see that they are next.”
Forty one per cent of businesses have been disrupted by local construction projects, the report suggested, mostly through traffic, dust, debris or noise levels, as well as customers having troubles finding parking or accessing storefronts.
Five per cent described the impact as “major.”
About seven per cent considered closing or relocating because of the impact of extended construction.
With 1.3 million private employers in Canada, the CFIB suggests 65,000 businesses – or one in five – are negatively affected by construction.
Cambie Street dig took four years
The Canada Line in Vancouver, which required digging up Cambie Street in the four-year project ahead of the 2010 Winter Olympics, cost the average business in the corridor just under $112,000 in sales, the report said.
Some business owners ended up closing their doors, while owner Susan Heyes sued the rapid transit line builders for $600,000 for compensation, though she was later stripped of the award when a higher court judge.
In Victoria, the replacement of the Johnston Bridge, approved in 2012, finished in March, but it was three years behind schedule, so business owners endured prolonged road closures and traffic congestion.
A light-rail public transit project in Surrey is set to take four years to build along major streets near the Guildford Town Centre shopping mall and a Simon Fraser University campus.
In Vernon, Kalamalka Lake Road is set for upgrades until July, with businesses located near the popular Kalmalka Lake bracing for the possible impacts during their busiest months.
Call for cities to act
Business owners often have their backs against the construction fence, Aerts said, pointing to no insurance for interruption due to construction work and sometimes no proper notice from the municipality.
“When you think of a small business owner, working 70 hour weeks as is… For them to go to city hall to make a lot of noise – they will try to absorb the damage instead,” Aerts said. “That’s not really fair to them.”
In Canada, businesses can claim compensation for losses from public construction through the “injurious affection” policy. That requires a specific timeline to submit claims as well as extensive evidence often needing legal and engineering experts.
The CFIB is recommending municipalities develop a compensation program for cases where construction has a moderate to major extended impact.
“It could be targeted to those that are hit the hardest,” Aerts said. “Providing compensation to ensure they don’t have to shut down could benefit government revenues.”
Municipalities could also look at property tax relief, which is already underway in cities around the world, such as Seattle, which has created a US$15-million fund for businesses affected by the construction of a light-rail line.
Other key recommendations include a business liaison officer, as well as a “no surprise rule,” meaning governments track their infrastructure’s condition and let local businesses know of construction well in advance, through a five-year capital investment plan and relevant pre-construction consultations that benefit those businesses.
Municipalities should also improve their contracting process and include a bonus/penalty system for early or late completion of projects, the report said. This would include ensuring best practices by the contractor are also met, such as adequate signage and parking.
“For them, having something that municipalities are at least considering for them is important,” Aerts said.
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
On Air Now
The Capital Weekender with Charlie Powell 1:30am - 5am
6 May 2011, 09:29 | Updated: 30 March 2016, 13:50..
See more Music, TV & Celeb NewsSouth Hobart meet Northern Rangers in today’s Steve Hudson Cup final in Launceston.
South Hobart, the holders, had a comfortable 3-0 away win over University yesterday in the Forestry Tasmania Premier League.
But, they lost captain Bart Beecroft to a serious injury and he will miss the final.
Beecroft was involved in a collision with an opponent and may have suffered a broken jaw.
Sam Kruijver will retain his place in goal at the expense of Mark Moncur.
Daniel Brown played against University and should also retain his place. He initially played in attack against the Students before moving back into defence.
Northern Rangers coach Roslan Saad used this tournament to assess his players and getting to the final was a bonus.
“We have used around 31 players to get us to the final,” Saad said.
“I’m very happy with that because all the boys that have played in the Steve Hudson Cup have done very well.
“Our aim for this tournament was not to win the cup, but to use it to expose the players and to try the team system.
“The boys are beginning to believe in the system and their ability.
“We will still go into the match as a pre-season match and will be using some players that have yet to be selected for the senior team to show their ability.
“I have a lot of respect for South Hobart as a club and also their coach, Ken.
“As I said it previously, it will be good for us to be able to play South Hobart twice.
“It is like a dream come true now for the club and we just ‘did it’ the first time we met.
“Now I hope we can ‘do it better’.”
The match for third and fourth places featured Taroona against the Tasmanian Institute of Sport.
Taroona lost on Saturday in a penalty shoot-out to New Town Eagles in the semi-finals of the Division One section of the southern Summer Cup competition.
The sides were locked at 1-1 after normal time (only one hour in this tournament) and Eagles won the penalty shoot-out 4-3.
The TIS, in the guise of University’s under-19s, beat South Hobart 4-0.
This match, therefore, should be a close affair.
“We want to finish the tournament with a good performance,” said Taroona’s assistant coach, Ben Horgan.
“It has been a great experience for our boys and playing the full 90 minutes each week has given us a solid preparation for the league.
“We’ll keep the same squad but give some of the guys who haven’t had a lot of game time more of a run.
“Hugo Luttmer couldn’t shake off his hamstring injury in time for last week’s game, but, hopefully, he will be right for this weekend so he can play against his son Eli.
“I might stick him out on the left wing to make sure the two are matched up against one another.”
3 comments:
Uni Under 19s versus Taroona should be a good game.
Bad luck for Bart. Hoping for a speedy recovery.
Good to see the uni U19s turn up in Uni tracksuits... maybe I'm colour blind and they played in black and yellow. Good club spirit right there.
hahahaha didnt you no that the strip uni U19s wore that is the new uni strip the reserves and seniors just havnt got theres yetKalendarz Luty Kalendarz Luty 2022 Do Druku
Print this blank February 2022 Calendar in Polish language for free –
All these calendars are editable and printable. You can also write your holidays or events in this blank calendar. Please do not forget to share these calendars with your friends and mates.Today:
Aggarwal Book Exercise 13 Question Number 2. Quiz sessions6. It is based on a scene graph model that is superior to Java2D and Java Swing. Exclusive Revision Series for 10th Boards About the Arguments Object in JavaScript
Inspect reclaimed wooden delicately for any general objects, prior to aluminum boat trailers near me in with H2O. The strips themselves have been mostly specifically madevouchsafing a glue dry prior to re-coating.
You lift the accumulation of cloths together with Dacron, as well as copiousness of more?, stream or sea end only the couple of hours divided, as well as of what type.
To loft a winding bottom line, however have been upon corner of creation your preference!Mar 05, �� 47 Likes, 1 Comments - University of Central Arkansas (@ucabears) on Instagram: �Your gift provides UCA students with scholarships, programs, invaluable learning opportunities and �. Trophees de l�innovation vous invite a participer a cette mise en lumiere des idees et initiatives des meilleures innovations dans le tourisme. Sign In. Details.
Selecting wall art is one for your clients is one of the most important aspects of redesigning their space. Art adds color, texture, and style to the room and serves as a conversation piece for guests. Choosing the right piece of art can boost your client’s satisfaction and turn a pleasant space into their favorite space. If your client is Jewish, purchasing one or two Israeli paintings for their home will please them.
On the Nechama Fine Art website, you will be able to view my vast portfolio of original Jewish paintings, semi-original giclees, and custom prints. While Nechama Fine Art does create art depicting nature and animals, their specialty is Judaica artwork. Nechama Fine Art can create a piece for your interior design job that perfectly matches the color and style of the room it will hang in.
If you are completing an interior design job for a Jewish client, selecting a spiritually meaningful painting is the icing on the cake that will send them over the moon. There are a few paintings and sets by Nechama Fine Art that are highly recommend for interior decorators. They are simplistic, elegant, and deeply meaningful for anyone of Jewish descent.Fairly usually foreign adult men during their trip of Odessa wonder such exquisite, intelligent and form girls would not own a constant connection and also a strong family within their home region and why do they decide to wed overseas?Easy to find your love odessa ukraine girls at this site
Odessa has long been popular for its stunning girls who consistently produced a terrific impression on the overseas adult men who were not spoiled by the allure of the compatriots. That is the reason South Palmyra contains tons of marriage and dating agenciesthat help to connect the adoring hearts and find respectable males to girls from Odessa, also for thieves – thrifty and beautiful wives.
Why the brides from Odessa would like to marry foreign guys?
Yesindeed, most educated, eruditebeautiful, beautiful, cute and appealing girls from Odessa really feel miserable because having all these advantages are completely lonely. What this type of beautiful and sensible lady should feel joyful? Why does not have a joyful existence?
You can find lots of good reasons of isolation of youthful girls in Odessa…
Inch. That isn’t any secret which mathematically there are fewer ladies at Ukraine compared to males and perhaps not everybody can have another half. Over the past decades there was a gap involving males (46%) and females (54%). Hence the situation that caused the isolation of these women from Odessa is a market situation from the nation.
2. Each and every girl has her own requirements for the collection of a person and it’s quite pure (! ) ) . And in the event the applicant does not correspond to this woman’s thoughts, afterward, of course, she isn’t going to be curious about him. She’s maybe not likely to take into account fools, parasites, alcoholics, and other marginal individuals as possible boyfriends. A decent lady doesn’t have a great deal of choices of worthy men. With the demographic circumstance, which is clarified over, a joyful marriage with a man from Odessa is actually slight real.
3. We have previously discussed the attractiveness of Odessa’s brides. Paradoxically, this beauty is another reason for their loneliness. Frequently males are simply scared of amazing and powerful ladies. They have been unconsciously afraid of failure. These guys believe if a lady is powerful – she’s Lots of admirers so they do not want even to try and only pass by
4. Just one mom with a little child. This really is a really enormous issue for a lot of indigenous guys. As a rule, many men do not want to improve somebody else’s child and take almost any responsibility. That is the reason this type of woman is independently or becoming disappointed in guys doesn’t want to get some severeSearch results
Search found 2 Ramsar Sites covering 24,496 Designation date: 2016 filter Designation date:)
O Le Pupū Puē National Park
5,019 ha
- Country:Samoa
- Designation date:02-02-2016
- Site number:2313
- Published since:4 year(s)Registered Nutritionist Verdict
Allison S. RHN-CHNC
Description
- 100% Canadian elderberries
- Gluten free
- Non GMO
- Helps open airways
- Soothes inflammation
- Relieves congestion of sinus and lungs.
Shake well before use.
Refrigerate after opened..
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Biological preservative—ε-Polylysine
Sep 1，2021
ε-Polylysine is a light yellow powder with strong hygroscopicity and slightly bitter taste. It is a linear polymer of lysine. Shima and H. During the screening of microorganisms, Sakai discovered that it is produced by the fermentation of Streptomyces and has a broad-spectrum antibacterial effect. ε-Polylysine is polymerized by 25-30 lysine groups, which is relatively stable to pH and heat. Its antibacterial effect is related to the degree of polymerization and environment, and its molecular weight is between 3600-4300. most. At the same time, its hydrolysate is essential lysine, so ε-Polylysine is called a nutritional bacteriostatic agent. ε-Polylysine was used in food preservation in the 1980s, but it has not been used for a long time in my country. In 2014, the former Health and Family Planning Commission approved ε-Polylysine as a new food additive.
Mechanism of action
As a natural preservative, ε-Polylysine has unique application conditions. It is similar to the benchmark nisin of natural preservatives. It is a polypeptide preservative, and ε-Polylysine is more bacteriostatic than nisin. Wider. Most natural preservatives have good antibacterial effects on gram-positive bacteria, but have no obvious effect on gram-negative bacteria such as Escherichia coli. The emergence of ε-Polylysine breaks this "hidden rule" "It also has obvious antibacterial and killing effects on gram-negative bacteria such as Escherichia coli and Arthrobacter products, and the broad-spectrum antibacterial effect is outstanding.
The mechanism of action of preservatives mainly includes the following three points:
(1) Acting on functional proteins or key enzymes, causing the metabolic process to be blocked;
(2) Acting on the cell wall and cell membrane system, interrupting the cell's energy, material and information transmission;
(3) Acting on genetic particles or the structure of genetic material to change genetic traits. The antibacterial effect of ε-Polylysine also affects the respiration of bacteria through the action of biofilms. The ε-Polylysine that enters the bacterial body can also inhibit the synthesis of enzymes and proteins, thereby affecting the material metabolism of the strain. Studies have pointed out that the primary structure of ε-Polylysine is closely related to the antibacterial effect, and any group modification or change will make the ε-Polylysine lose its antibacterial effect.
- Related articles
- Related Qustion
What is Carboxin?
Carboxin is a heterocyclic fungicide with systemic effect. This product is effective against Rhizoctonia, and is especially suitable for seed treatment of cotton, peanuts, vegetables and sugar beets.....Aug 31，2021Chemical pesticides ?
What is 2,2'-Bis(trifluoromethyl)benzidine?
2,2'-Bis(trifluoromethyl)benzidine is used for producing a high strength flexible transparent polyimide material.....Sep 1，2021Amides
Epsilon-polylysine28211-04-3
You may like
- Recommended usage of Aspartame
Nov 16, 2021
- What can Paraffin wax be used for in the industry?
Sep 10, 2021
- What is Dimethyl dicarbonate?
Aug 25, 2021
Epsilon-polylysine manufacturers
- epsilon-Polylysin
- $1.00 / KG
- 2021-09-29
- CAS:28211-04-3
- Min. Order: 1KG
- Purity: ≥98.00%
- Supply Ability: 500kg/month
- EPSILON-POLYLYSINE
- $0.00-0.00 / Kg/Drum
- 2021-09-29
- CAS:28211-04-3
- Min. Order: 1KG
- Purity: 98%min
- Supply Ability: 500KG
- EPSILON-POLYLYSINE
- $15.00-10.00 / KG
- 2021-07-13
- CAS:28211-04-3
- Min. Order: 1KG
- Purity: 99%+ HPLC
- Supply Ability: Monthly supply of 1 tonSaki Ootsuka Full (42)Relevance Most Recent
Gorgeous and sex-hungry porn star saki Ootsuka pussy fondled to orgasm
123,909 views 167 likes 2016-06-11
Stunning and sexy babe Saki Ootsuka getting naked and pussy fondling
91,571 views 116 likes 2016-06-13
Slutty and hot-fuck Asian brunette getting naked and get screwed to orgasm
255,554 views 573 likes 2016-06-12
Sexy and big tit babe in bikini gagging cocks and gang banged
59,523 views 54 likes 2016-05-18
Saki Ootsuka gives an asian blow job and gets creamed
50,644 views 64 likes 2016-05-20
Amazing Japan blowjob during a fuck show with Saki Kobashi
43,748 views 157 likes 2019-02-06
Sweet Saki Aoyama oiled fingers her fish taco
130,660 views 150 likes 2016-05-28
Japanese creampie in threesome with Saki Sudou
104,118 views 124 likes 2016-08-11
Saki Fujii needs cock in her pink Asian pussy
321,044 views 587 likes 2016-07-26
Saki Kobashi asian amateur fucked in the water with a vibrator
241,655 views 560 likes 2016-06-24
Amateur Asian blow job with Saki Kozakura
24,003 views 51 likes 2019-06-10
Saki Kobashi gives asian blow jobs and gets a threesome creampie
222,831 views 363 likes 2015-07-31
Saki Asaoka in extra hot red latex lingerie gives tit job
44,345 views 44 likes 2016-02-05
Brazilian peanut processor Brumau courts European markets
Maurico Martani, sales director of Ostinato, Brumau's sales office, told BakeryandSnacks at Snackex, held in Vienna, Austria, in June, that Brumau is also the only company in Brazil that operates in the two core peanut areas.
“The company processes crude and refined peanut oils and produces edible raw and blanched peanuts,” he said.
Shelling nuts
Brumau was founded by Sergio and Gilberto Martani in 1989 located in the state of São Paulo in Brazil, primarily to export crude peanut oil to refineries.
It has subsequently made substantial investments to expand its operations.
In 2009, the company opened a peanut shelling unit in Taquaritinga and added a blanching unit at the site in 2012.
Last year, it opened another plant in Rancharia, doubling its edible oil production capacity, as well as a new storage facility in Tupã; and acquired a peanut processing plant in Marilia in February 2017.
Today, the company has six HACCP-, GMP- and FS22000-certified production units located around São Paulo, producing around 20,000 MT of edible raw peanuts, 7,000 MT of blanched peanuts, and 26,900 MT of crude peanut oil annually.
However, according to said Elaine Guerra, Ostinato's sales and marketing manager, the company's products are currently only exported.
"We do not sell them in the domestic market, yet," she said, noting that Brumau has a new plan for the second half of the year "to launch a refined peanut oil on the domestic market".
Investing in expansion
Martani added that Brumau’s expansion plan has not slowed down and the company is continuing its push into new markets.
It intends to increase its peanut capacity by 15,000 MT each year from 2017 to 2020, expanding its peanut growing zones into other areas of the São Paolo state, as well the Tocatins and Mato Grosso states.
Next year, it will invest in new crushing units and peanut processing plants near the new zones, as well as build additional warehouses, increasing storage capacity to 12,500 tons of inshells at both the Taquaritinga and Marilia facilities.
“Our goal is to increase the penetration in the European market, once Brumau has completed its significant investments in the manufacturing area to better serve this market,” said Guerra.
Brumau's own market research has identified growth drivers in the edible nuts market:
- Increase in per capita food expenditures as income raises and middle class expands
- Consumer’s growing preference for healthy, high protein and natural based foods
- Shift in eating habits with out-of-home consumption, which benefits light and convenient meals
- Growing consumption of snacks and confectionery
- Growing demand for plant-based proteins- Leeftijdscategorie
- XO
- Groeigebied
- Blend
- Flesgrootte
- 700ml
- Alcoholpercentage
- 42%
- Merk
- A.E. D
A Reserve XO Cognac from the Fine Champagne, Borderies and Fins Bois
Enjoying.
How to enjoy this Cognac
Sip your Cognac and smoke your cigar meditatively and reflectively, taking in every note that arises. Serve at room temperature in a balloon glass.
Beoordelingen (0).
Lees meer over A.E. DOR Cognac
Klanten die dit product kochten, kochten ook:
Bourgoin XO 22 Ans Cognac
Andere A.E. DOR Cognac flessen
Alle A.E. DOR Cognac flessen >>
Andere XO Cognac flessen
Alle XO Cognac flessen >>Latest News Why Are Tremor Shares Trading Higher Tuesday Premarket? November 23, 2021November 23, 2021 Future Wealth Daily view original post[unable to retrieve full-text content]At least two institutional investors in Tremor International Ltd (NASDAQ:TRMR) sought Chairperson Chris Stibbs launch an immediate strategic review of the company, Sky News report … Related Posts Latest News Two Bitcoin funds launched in Singapore — report November 26, 2021November 27, 2021 Future Wealth Daily Latest News TSX Venture Exchange Stock Maintenance Bulletins November 26, 2021November 27, 2021 Future Wealth DailyClaims costs uptick for motor insurers (Jodi Daubney, Magna Accident Services)
In a report in Insurance Times, "the shortage of new and replacement commercial vans risk causing “huge claims bills for van insurers, which will inevitably feed through to higher premiums”, said Jodi Daubney, managing director of commercial credit hire company Magna Accident Services.
According to Daubney, Brexit, Covid-19 and the booming home delivery sector have made new and replacement commercial vans “as rare as hen’s teeth, risking huge claims bills for van insurers”.
This is against a backdrop of increasing van sales. For example, The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) found that overall van sales grew to nearly 100,000 in quarter one of 2021, while the light commercial van market grew by 43% year-on-year. Pickups and larger vans grew by 36% and 60% respectively over the same time period.
Despite this evidenced demand, Daubney quoted further SMMT research which showed that UK commercial van manufacturing for the domestic market fell by nearly 33% in the first two months of 2021, compared to 2020 – she attributed this to the difficulty in getting parts from the European Union (EU) and changes required to the just-in-time manufacturing processes following Brexit.
She told Insurance Times: “There is increased demand, but falling supply is leading to long lead times for a new vehicle. If you have an accident and your van is written off or needs repairing, you’re in trouble.
“With waiting times for new vans extending to January 2022 for some models, insurers will be dealing with very unhappy customers if they won’t build in extended hire periods while customers wait for a new van to arrive.”
Longer credit hire periods, however, ultimately leads to increased costs for insurers, which could get passed back to policyholders through premium rises.
“Nobody wants to overpay for their van insurance, especially in a pandemic-hit economy, but I am waving a red flag now and urging the industry to work together to keep a lid on premiums,” Daubney urged.
Research from Consumer Intelligence published in January 2021 showed that van insurance rose by 2.3% during the second half of 2020.
Write off risks
Daubney added that there may be further problems for credit hire companies and insurers that subscribe to the General Terms of Agreement (GTA) – this is a voluntary protocol between insurers and credit hire companies that aims to remove friction and delays in settling credit hire claims.
She said: “As a GTA subscriber there is a limited time we can leave a client in a replacement vehicle after they have received their total loss cheque. We will not be paid for any hire period which cannot be justified.”
This has the potential to be a growing problem as, typically, commercial vehicles are written off following a road traffic accident (RTA) if repair costs are in excess of 60% of the vehicle’s value - the rising cost of parts makes it more likely that repair costs will hit that threshold, Daubney noted.
She emphasised that all credit hire firms providing commercial mobility, regardless of GTA membership, may need to agree with insurers to extend credit hire time periods.
A further issue could arise from van users “buying ‘new for old’ policies”, said Daubney. This “means that if their vehicle is written off during the first two years then they are provided with a new like-for-like vehicle”.
However, “tradespeople buy particular van models because they need to be appropriate for the type of work they do, including the interior fit out.
“For hundreds of thousands of tradespeople, their van is their livelihood and the last thing we want is for them to be unable to carry on with their business because they can’t access mobility.”
A green answer
One solution to this “perfect storm”, however, is the use of green or used parts to repair vans and reduce the current backlog. This could even be a temporary step while repairers await the arrival of new parts, Daubney explained.
Finding a way to tackle this supply and demand issue is important as Daubney warned that some van drivers may opt to continue driving their damaged vans rather than wait for a replacement or new vehicle.
This is a particular problem “if customers worry they won’t have an adequate replacement while their own van is being repaired [or will be] in the bodyshop for a long time waiting for parts”.
“Millions of small businesses will be emerging from the pandemic desperate to get back to work and their mobility will be essential,” Daubney said.
“If drivers are involved in a RTA, they may have to choose between using a damaged vehicle or being off the road because they can’t access a replacement. That is a serious risk for the public.”"Start Neutral
A good starting point is deciding that neutral is a good.
Have A Budget!
As mentioned before, just like making a list, it seems sensible to have a budget (and to stick to it). After dropping however many thousands of pounds on the deposit, money is going to be tight. When you go shopping for new furniture and decorations, its easy to become over excited and spend money you don't have.
Latest from the Blog
Using Occasional Furniture and Accent Pieces
What You Should Know About Before Buying Home Furniture
Home Furniture Construction: Signs of Furniture Craftsmanship
Why Home Furniture Made in America Is Not Only Patriotic to Buy
Buying Furniture: Use a Website or Home Furniture Showroom?
3 Ways to Buy Home Furniture on a Budget
Featured Products
Aesfee LED Lighted Makeup Vanity Mirror Rechargeable,1x/7x Magnification Double Sided 360 Degree Swivel Magn
_4<<
Fogless Shower Mirror for Shaving with Upgraded Suction, Anti Fog Shatterproof Surface and 360° Swivel, 6.3″ x 6.3″
1) FOG RESISTANT COATING – Your new Mirrorvana shower shaving mirror is treated with a FOG RESISTANT COATING** giving you that perfect fog free shaving experience. **IMPORTANT: Periodic respraying with the “MIRRORVANA ANTIFOG SPRAY”!
LUCID 5 Inch Memory Foam Low Profile-Cooling Gel Infusion-Hypoallergenic Bamboo Charcoal-Breathable Cover Bed Mattress…
Olee Sleep 18 Inch Tall Heavy Duty Steel Slat/ Anti-slip Support/ Easy Assembly/ Mattress Foundation/ Maximum Storage…
18 Inch Tall Bed Frame – More Under-bed Storage& Box Spring Free
Sturdy steel slats can support heavier deluxe mattress, No worries from the slats breaking down
Easy to Set up with minimal assembly, Sturdy Mattress Support.
Best Selling Products
mDesign Vertical Dresser Storage Tower – Sturdy Steel Frame, Wood Top, Easy Pull Fabric Bins – Organizer Unit for…
Wooden Sofa Couch Armrest Clip-On Table, Recliner Armrest Organizer Tray for Coffee/Snacks/Electronics (Black)
★CONVENIENT & MULTIPURPOSE: excellent for holding foods, remote control, books, electronics, and more daily purposes, especially for elders with mobility difficulty
★HEAVY DUTY & DURABLE CONSTRUCTION: made of heavy duty eco-friendly rubber wood with strong spring-loaded clip legs, secure sofa arm stably, fits in both round and square sofa arm
★SUPER SPACE SAVING DESIGN: compact design, replace huge console side table, great for small space, apartment, and dorm
Container Furniture Direct Carbon Velvet Upholstered Classic Chesterfield Sofa Set, 79.5″ Sofa and Loveseat, Blue
A Perfect Set for Those with Luxurious and Refined Tastes! This Carbon Chesterfield Sofa Set Features a Beautiful Classic-Inspired Curved Design with a Plush Velvet Upholstery in a Brilliant Blue Color.
Homy Grigio Modern Living Dining Room Accent Arm Chairs Club Guest with Solid Wood Legs (Set of 1,Blue)
Modern design accent armchair, elegantly curved silhouette provides maximum comfort, is perfect for decor your living room bedroom dining room office
Solid wood legs come in a natural finish. Corners are glued, blocked and stapled. High-quality plush high-density foam cushioning is upholstered
Frame constructions have been rigorously tested to simulate the home and transportation environments for improved durability.
_13<<
Zinus Brandi Quick Lock Twin Day Bed frame with Steel Slat Support
Universal design to fit one standard twin mattress (sold separately)
Steel Frame Dimensions: 39.7 x 76.5 x 25.5 Inches (W x L x H) (14 Inches H to mattress base)
Patent pending quick lock easy assembly system, simply slide to tightly secureRossendale's player-coach Tim Fourie has questioned his side’s commitment having seen numbers drop for training in recent weeks.
And the South African has even revealed he may have to hold talks with club officials about the lethargy which is creeping into his squad.
Only 17 of a possible 38 attended training on Tuesday night and Fourie believes some players need to take a long, hard look at themselves.
"People aren’t coming to training," he said. "It’s like they’re looking for an excuse not to train rather than an excuse to train, that’s my view anyway.
"The excuse most of them are using is work commitments but I reckon some of them could still make it.
"At the end of the day, we’re all grown-ups and it’s up to us to schedule our lives.
"We’ve all made a commitment to the club to be there every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, and it’s up to us to make sure everything fits.
"After all, training’s only an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday and Thursday nights.
"I’ve been talking about it getting colder, wetter and windier, and some people lose interest.
"I was hoping we’d take advantage at this time of the year but it seems some people would rather stay at home and have a cup of tea."
The Stags aren’t doing as well as last season so Fourie accepts that has been a factor.
But he also believes complacency has crept into the camp.
"Last season we hardly had any injuries, people were fighting for their place and pushing each other," he said.
"This season we’ve had a few and people are thinking ‘I’ll get picked anyway so I don’t need to go to training’. They’re not pushing themselves.
"Coming from a professional background, it’s frustrating. It’s like two steps forward and one step back. I believe we’re capable of getting better but we have to train if we’re to improve and get things right.
"I’m trying to develop a club and team ethos, but it’s becoming a long, hard battle to get them to buy into it.
"I need to sit down with the club and see how we can move forward because we can’t keep going on like this."
And Fourie led by example at the weekend.
He had intended to watch the second XV’s home game against Broughton Park but having had a couple of cry-offs, Fourie was asked to bring his boots.
That he did, and he ended up starting the game before going off after 20 minutes with a hamstring injury.
"I can’t preach one thing and do another," he said. "I was happy to start because I saw it as a chance to win some guys over."
Fourie will be out for around a month while Paddy Pole is unavailable as sixth-placed Rossendale return to league action away to lowly West Hartlepool on Saturday.
"That’s two second rowers out so that’ll make a big difference to the team," Fourie added.
"We need a win but West Hartlepool are struggling themselves so we have to make sure we put in a performance."
The seconds are at home to Leigh seconds in their league (2.15) while the thirds, who lost 10-5 to Bolton thirds in the cup last weekend, are at home to Aspul tomorrow (2.15pm)INTRODUCTION
HR in Charity.
We know that working in the charity sector has its own pressures and unique HR headaches from the employment status of volunteers to employment documents needed for charity commission compliance.
Reducing expenditure and grant funding limitations can mean that charities cut staff wages and reduce benefits when necessary.
Finally, we also understand the importance of reputation to charities and the critical need to protect that reputation from social media damage. Let us help you protect your charity and ensure its future viability.
WHAT WE DO
Our solutions to recurring HR issues in Charity.
Volunteer status
- Assessment of current volunteers
- Advice on protecting volunteer status
- Draft a robust volunteer agreement
- Insurance against claims of employee status
Social media restrictions
- Assessment of current restrictions
- Advice on enhancing them
- Disclaimer wording for staffs profiles
- Implementing and monitoring staff compliance
Reducing staff costs
- Assessment of organisational structure
- Consideration of where costs can be cut
- Guidance on variations to contracts
Bespoke contracts of employment
- Review current contracts
- Inclusion of discretionary benefits
- Draft robust confidentiality clauses
- Advice on issuing to current staff
><<The.”
Provincial authorities in southern China are increasing measures against the spread of the H7N9 bird flu. They are warning that the chance of contracting the disease is rising.
Health officials of Guangdong Province said on Thursday that a 38-year-old man in Shenzhen came down with the H7N9 strain. The man is being treated at hospital and remains in critical condition.
This is the 148th case of human H7N9 infection in mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong. The first case emerged in Shanghai in March.
Reports of the H7N9 infection entered a lull in the summer. But Guangdong officials say the 38-year-old man is the 4th human infection case over the past week. Hong Kong authorities also confirmed the H7N9 virus in 2 people who had visited the province this month.
Guangdong’s government is increasing its counter-measures. It is sending teams of experts to inspect live poultry markets and medical institutions across the province.
Others aren’t waiting for the diligent, honest and accurate Chinese government to do its job. Because as SCMP reports, in next door neighbor Hong Kong, sales of chicken have already plunged by 40% on just the several hushed bird flu stories alone..
Hopefully it is not seafood from the Fukushima region. As for the sources of this latest breakout:
Mainland health authorities last week confirmed that an elderly woman died earlier this month after contracting H10N8, another strain of bird flu that has crossed the species barrier.
….
In other words, in the food heavy CPI-weighed country of China, as a result of tumbling demand for chickens and associated prices, the market may once again assume that there is deflation any minute just because the ultraviolet light special for chickens is on.
That, and of course the staff of YUM having to “explain” why its KFC China sales are once again about to crater, and why it is nothing to be concerned about.
With two weeks to go before the move, we started having daily status meetings with all the people involved with the move: people from site ops, net ops and the entire Bloglines team. These only ran about 10-15 minutes each, but were invaluable in getting issues taken care of quickly. We were still working through issues with blog article migration, but we thought we could still make the December 16th date. We came up with estimates on how long it would take to transfer the other databases to the new co-lo, and arrived at a total of 4 hours of downtime, with an additional 2 hours of the crawlers being turned off ahead of time.
Unfortunately, at a point after that, it became clear that we wouldn’t hit the December 16th date; we’d most likely be ready two days later on Sunday December 18th. Ask Jeeves has a winter shutdown, which this year started on December 23rd and runs through January 2. We had a couple of options at that point: do the move on Sunday or one of the weekdays before December 23, or push the move out to the new year, most likely to January 6th. In my experience, user-based Internet services have two slow periods during the year: July/August and the last half of December. Because of this, and because moving to the new datacenter would greatly improve the user experience, we decided to push for the move to happen in December. We targeted Monday, December 19th to give us an extra day past when we estimated we’d be ready. And we decided to start the process at 2pm, which would hopefully let us finish without extending too far in the evening, while still avoiding the peak time of traffic to the site.
On Sunday, December 18th we put up a blog post announcing the upcoming downtime, and also inserted a link at the top of every page on the site alerting users to the downtime. One of the last things we did before the move was to have Ben, our UI/graphics guru, modify the Bloglines Plumber, giving him a pirate makeover. It was going to be a special downtime, and we wanted to make sure he looked good (we’re fans of both Talk Like a Pirate Day and the Flying Spaghetti Monster).
At this point, I want to get a little technical. Don’t worry, it’ll only last a paragraph and you won’t be quizzed. When planning a move like this, where a site will end up with a new IP address, you need to take some DNS issues into consideration. DNS is like the white pages of the Internet. It maps domains like to IP addresses, which are the actual machines. Each DNS record has a Time To Live, or how long the record is valid for (and how long you can cache the record before asking for it again). DNS records are cached all over the Internet, and many of these caches are broken. When planning this move, we did a couple of things:
- A week before the move, we turned the TTLs down to 5 minutes.
- Before the move itself, we put the Bloglines Plumber downpage up at the new datacenter.
- To take down the site, we configured the webservers at the old datacenter to proxy to the new datacenter.
- We then changed the DNS records to point to the new datacenter.
By proxying, I mean that the webservers would just act like a go-between, taking an incoming request, forwarding it to the webservers at the new datacenter, and returning the response. When we were ready to bring the site back up at the new datacenter, we removed the downpage at the new datacenter, but kept the webservers running at the old datacenter, which, to this day, still proxy requests to the new datacenter. That way, even if a client tries to connect to the old datacenter because they have incorrect DNS records, they’ll still get the site running at the new datacenter.
Ok, enough of the nerd lesson. I’ll wrap this up next time.About Koenig and Owen, LLC
As a Lawyer, “You Are What Your Record Proves You Are.” At Koenig & Owen, & Owen, LLC is highly recognized by its peers (and the media), and has an impressive track record where it counts – in the courts. The single most important factor that distinguishes our firm from its competitors is its track record.
Koenig & Owen, & Owen,.
Koenig & Owen, LLC is highly rated and recognized. One way to evaluate a criminal defense law firm is by the peer review and recognition they have earned. Koenig & Owen, LLC and its record of success has been recognized by local, regional and national newspapers and publications as well as professional organizations.
The Akron Beacon Journal, the Cleveland Plain Dealer, the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, Playboy, and Cincinnati Magazine have all published articles recognizing our legal work and record of winning cases.
Contact a Columbus Criminal Defense Attorney from our firm for recognized, proven legal counsel in all types of criminal accusations.Every Christmas, retailer’s shelves fill with bigger, more complex and pricier “smart” and internet-connected children’s toys.
Electronic gimmicks in toys are not exactly novel, but is there more going on inside these devices now that parents should be aware of before they buy?
In fact, an accumulation of evidence suggests buyers should be very cautious for reasons that mirror the troubles that in recent years have the engulfed Internet of Things (IoT) sector, of which connected toys are one part.
These being:
- Is the personal data they collect at risk?
- Can they be directly hijacked or interact with, or spy on, children?
- Or even used to carry out attacks on third parties?
Let’s start with the issue of personal data.
The warning flag for this was raised in 2015 when Hong Kong toy maker VTech suffered a data breach that compromised the personal data of 4.8m user accounts connected to 6.3m children.
Beyond several technical failings, it didn’t exactly inspire confidence when the company later tried to shift responsibility for any future breach to its customers by changing its terms & conditions to read:
You acknowledge and agree that any information you send or receive during your use of the site may not be secure and may be intercepted or later acquired by unauthorized parties.
Essentially, if we screw up it’s your problem for trusting us. This was probably unenforceable but class-action legal cases from this breach rumble on even today.
Our first advice, then, is where a toy is used with an app or online service, check the terms and conditions very carefully for sneaky get outs and view any you find as a very bad sign.
Proving this was no one-off, in 2017 US company Spiral Toys’ CloudPets stuffed toys suffered a breach exposing a database of 2.2m voice messages to hackers.
Worse, the researcher who discovered it was ignored by Spiral Toys when he tried to warn them of the issue.
And toy surveillance?
Around the same time, Germany’s Federal Network Agency put out a warning that the popular Genesis Toys’ My Friend Cayla doll could be used to spy on children or, indeed, anyone within range.
The German authorities didn’t mess around. Said a spokesperson:
Ownership of this device is illegal.
By Christmas 2017, it seems connected toys continue to be easy meat for researchers to pick holes in, big and small. Take Hasbro’s Furby Connect, for instance, which had its deficient BlueTooth security design pulled apart by a UK penetration testing company.
More serious flaws were found by another research company in toys using Wi-Fi, not to mention flaky firmware updating, poorly-secured smart watches, and vulnerable drones whose data was open to interception.
Like it or lump it, there is no way for anyone buying a connected toy to know how well it is secured, either locally or when any data it collects is sent to remote servers.
If it isn’t well secured, there is no guarantee the problem will be fixed or even acknowledged – it’s almost as if the economics of the industry don’t justify such a thing for a toy costing less than $50.
Retailers, meanwhile, don’t see security flaws as a reason to take toys back beyond specified time periods.
Our second advice, then, is to run a search on a toy and its maker to research known issues before buying it.
A final issue is whether toys might become another platform for device hijacking of the sort that fuelled the Mirai DDoS botnet in 2016.
For now, the threat of “toybots” seems overblown. Toys are not turned on for long enough and the vast majority lack enough processing power or battery life to run the sort of software that makes such things possible.
But let’s not praise them with faint damnation – even the ones that work as advertised have a growing ability to collect data on young people that’s surprisingly hard to quantify or monitor. Most of this will be buried in terms & conditions that people rarely bother to read.
Parents should try and keep in mind that as far as children are concerned, being smart isn’t the only game in town.
Lego anyone?
2 comments on “Toys: they’re getting smarter, but are they secure?”
Thank goodness Germany is banning toys for the same function that Echo and Alexa have, which is legal. That way they can still have a data sniffer in the house, ensure parents are heard also and not just children. Why is that so, all I can think of is so the entire house can be spied upon and of course the revenue from sales 😮
Maybe if the Cayla doll looked like a fancy trash can and could bill your CC it would be legal. Oh wait, then it would be an echo of Alexa…
Germany is banning these toys because they conceal the functions that could be used for spying. They have strong laws against such things because they are serious about protecting people from surveillance – used by the Nazis, and later by the Stasi in the East. Echo and Alexa are designed specifically and clearly for intereactive functions so are not concealed. Other countries should follow the German lead, which can only serve to improve personal safety and has nothing to do with sales revenue.Riddle Has Backstage Heat Due To Comments About Roman Reigns
Riddle is a current WWE Raw Tag Team Champion that’s also known as a guy that tends to say what’s on his mind and sometimes that gets him heat in the locker room. This time, Riddle spoke up about Roman Reigns in a way that got him even more heat.
Reigns recently tweeted about how he was “legitimate needle-moving” and apparently Riddle didn’t agree with him.
Legitimate needle moving.
— Roman Reigns (@WWERomanReigns) August 24, 2021
Riddle spoke to Bleacher Report recently while speaking his mind as usual:
.”
The phrase “needle-moving” phrase has been used a few times in WWE circles recently since WWE President Nick Khan mentioned it when talking about what talents WWE wants to have on their roster.
Apparently, those comments from Riddle have ruffled some feathers in WWE according to Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter (available via subscription). Meltzer wrote:
“There was a lot of heat in certain circles on Riddle for comments on Bleacher Report on Reigns. This was definitely not storyline-related. Of course, someday it could end up being storyline-related but Riddle is on Raw and not being pushed at the singles main event level and Reigns is on SmackDown. There is a draft so it could happen, but it was very much considered a negative by many with the basic theme that Riddle is incredibly talented, more so than he gets credit for, but he’s not very astute politically in the WWE jungle.”
Riddle and Randy Orton remain one of the most popular acts on Raw as the Tag Team Champions, so it’s unlikely that Riddle would be punished for whatever. However, he might want to learn to keep some opinions to himself in the future.Tap into Your True Self
This is the place to start. “Tap into Your True Self” is the Prerequisite for all of the other classes and programs
You can uncover who you truly are, a spiritual being, and how to use your spiritual abilities in your physical body. Tap into a still place within where all things are possible! Or, as most of our students are)
Click Here To Sign Up For The “Tap into Your True Self” Class Now!Portugal to accelerate vaccination
The goal is to vaccinate "about 850,000 people a week" using the "maximum stocks of vaccine" available.
The goal is to vaccinate "about 850,000 people a week" using the "maximum stocks of vaccine" available.
Oz To Halve Arrivals To Fight Strain; S Korea Sees Record Cases In 6 Mths
Costa said the new measures will be applied from Nov.4 in 121 municipalities where there are more than 240 cases per 100,000 inhabitants for the past 14 days..
Portuguese doctors have taken a stand against euthanasia, alongside the Catholic Church, as lawmakers prepare this week to debate proposed legislation aimed at decriminalising the practice.
One in five Portuguese suffers from mental health issues, according to a report published by OECD last year, which also showed Portugal has the fifth-highest percentage of people affected by mental illnesses in the European Union.Summers in Oregon are invariably hot, but even worse than the high temperatures are high humidity levels that can turn our homes into steam baths. Air conditioners can deal with the problem somewhat, but they aren’t built to lower the humidity, only the temperature. Furthermore, high humidity can damage your AC as it tries to deal with the issue, as well as leaving your home muggy and uncomfortable in the extreme. That’s the bad news. The good news is that there’s an effective way to deal with it: whole-house dehumidifiers.
Why Is High Humidity a Problem?
High humidity generally means a relative humidity level that stands higher than 50%: the point at which our discomfort becomes apparent. Human beings keep cool by sweating, and more specifically by allowing the sweat to evaporate off of our skin in the breeze. When humidity levels get too high, there’s too much ambient moisture in the air to let that happen. As a result, our bodies stay heated and the sweat stays on our skin, leading to that gross sweaty feeling when the air is muggy. High humidity also fosters the growth of mold and bacteria, which no household wants to see.
How Does That Affect My Air Conditioner?
The best way to lower the humidity in the air is to lower the temperature, which causes the ambient moisture to coalesce into droplets. (It’s the same principle that creates dew in the early hours of the morning.) That means that air conditioners can serve as dehumidifiers by default. However, there are some problems with that issue.
For starters, air conditioners can’t control the humidity levels in any real way: they remove the moisture in the air haphazardly at best, and you have no say in how much that might be. Furthermore, high humidity forces the air conditioner to work harder at its primary job: cooling the air. Since the air feels hotter when humidity levels are high, the AC needs to do more, which will raise both your monthly bills and the possibility of a breakdown in the future. Over time, high humidity levels every summer could shorten the lifespan of your system considerably Finally, because the air conditioner isn’t set up to handle excess moisture, it might be overwhelmed by high humidity. Most systems have a drain pan to collect condensate, but excess humidity could overflow the pan and create a shutdown.
The solution is to install a whole-house dehumidifier in your home, allowing you to deal with excess mugginess properly. Dehumidifiers are set up to allow precise control over the relative humidity levels, allowing you to set the level you like. They can better dispose of excess humidity than air conditioners, and most importantly, they can ease the strain on your AC, allowing you to keep your home comfortable without wasting money on unnecessarily high bills. Summer is the ideal time to schedule an installation, allowing you to benefit from your new dehumidifier for the remainder of the season.
For quality dehumidifier installation and servicing in Wilsonville, OR, call The Clean Air Act today!
Tags: Air Conditioning, Dehumidifier, Wilsonville
Join Us OnlineBorder czar Kamala Harris skipped a high-level meeting with Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador Friday to discuss the migrant crisis at the US's southern border - to visit a daycare center in New Jersey instead.
The vice president, who was put in charge of tackling the border crisis by Joe Biden back in March, delegated the thorny meeting in Mexico's capital to US Secretary of State Antony Blinken.
Blinken was joined by Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas and US Attorney General Merrick Garland and US Ambassador to Mexico Ken Salazar in efforts to mend America's fractious ties with Mexico.
As officials from the two nations worked hashed out a new security cooperation accord and deal with a surge in migration across the border, Harris was nowhere to be seen.
Instead, Harris spent the day in New Jersey where she played bingo with kids at a daycare center, stopped by a vaccination site and even had time to sample some cake at a Newark bakery.
read more:
Larry, With Armies of Monitors!
Lynn Bryant DeSpain
If ever I had gotten so drunk as to wake up next to that woman, I would have shot myself! If ever my Best Friend had gotten so drunk as to wake up next to that woman, I would have shot Him!
Lynn Bryant DeSpain
The Dems fixed this election starting with fixing the Democrat's own nomination process. Not even Democrats wanted either one of these two jerks and misfit morons, but the masters of the universe put them in the frame knowing full well they would be stealing the election with the aid of a manufactured Covid pandemic they were cooking up and knowing too full well that when it was all over, demented Joe and Kamala Ho were empty vessels who would do whatever they were told.
With the significant drop in support nationally for Biden and the rest of the Democrats, we can only hope this drop continues without the nation being significantly further harmed with Democrat activities and subsequent failures. At this point, we can expect dozens of newoly elected Republicans acquiring a significant majority with the express purpose of turning this nation back around. They will all have Trump's support, and we need to get behind them if they are in our state. Perhaps the RINOs will be significantly outnumbered so they lose their power.
How will we " expect dozens of newly elected Republicans" when the democrats control the voting machines and still have vote by mail? I am so frustrated that nothing substantial has happened with the alleged election audits.
They ("MARXIST") Have Penatrated Every Aspect of LIFE-!!! THE PEOPLE MUST STAND "TOGETHER" (look a school board meeting- one or two Parents get arrested and the the rest of people sit back and watch- NOTHING HAPPENS or CAN THE ARREST ALL OF THE PARENTS- it starts at HOME) You Can Sit Back and Watch or Get Off Your Ass and Do SOMETHINE ABOUT IT-!!! up to You IT DID NOT HAPPEN OVER NIGHT FOLKS, IT HAS TAKEN YEARS
This whole administration is a disaster, and they're taking us down the rabbit hole.
I agree with Larry. And I don’t believe that taking back the house or Senate will do much to change anything, much less have an effective impeachment. There’s too many RINOS, too many gutless Republicans, and too few elected that will stand up for this country.
She is a worthless B*****
Be patient. Wait for Nov. 2022 midterm elections, when the Republicans take back both the House and the Senate. Then, both B. and H. can be impeached with a solid Republican majority. Republicans need to hurry up to expose the 2020 election fraud, though. We all know Trump had more votes, but the Democrats were smarter, bigger liars, and had the voting machines manipulated so the Republicans lost. With a solid Republican majority, the Speaker of the House will be a Republican. We need to convince the Never Trumpers and others who don't intend to vote next year to actually make it to the polls.Inspired by the design heritage of 19th Century France, the William Holland Bateau Bath is the romantic icon of our collection. With flowing lines and organic symmetry, this double ended bathtub perfectly designed for two combines comfort and style in one perfectly formed bath. Traditional in style the finishes available combine contemporary flair with classic design to create an iconic rolltop bath suited to both period and modern interiors.
Available in three sizes, the Petit bateau, Classic bateau and Grande Bateau, this versatile bathtub is suitable for the most luxurious of petite spaces right through to the grandest of suites.Characters of the ancient Egyptian writing system, are shown in this free puzzle. All knowledge of the system had been lost by the medieval period, and decipherment took over 200 years.
objects • Egypt • hieroglyphs • language
More Random Jigsaws »
How are the fires out there? I hope they get it under control soon. We graduate in December but the commencement ceremony will be held in May. I don't think I will be able to do the ceremonial walk again, not with my hubby's health the way it is.
have a good timeSay what?!?! Yes, it is a thing. Homemade peanut butter combined with white chocolate… this is heaven on earth!
Outrageously good
Yep, you read that right. White Chocolate Peanut Butter. Outrageous? Yes. Good? Definitely!!
Peanut butter and chocolate. Familiar combo. But peanut butter and WHITE chocolate? Never had it, never even heard of it. But with so many things, once you google it, you get I don’t know how many hits. But I didn’t dare google this. Maybe I am the first, maybe there have been many many before me who have tried and tested this combo. Which most likely is the case. I’d like to be the mastermind behind this, though I seriously doubt that. But hey, I can have those dreams just once in a while. Because, really, this is good. I’m so chuffed!
The recipe
OK, enough about that. Thing is, it’s ridiculously easy. Just take 200 g (7 oz) unsalted peanuts and put them in a food processor or high power blender.
Process until completely smooth. Mine took about 3 minutes, but it may depend on the peanuts and the food processor/blender. After 3 minutes, it looked like this:
Melt 50 g (1.8 oz) sugar-free white chocolate.
Add the chocolate and 1/2 tsp of salt to the peanut butter and blend until fully incorporated.
If you like, you might add a tsp vanilla extract, but that’s optional.
The white chocolate peanut butter will be quite liquid. I keep mine refrigerated. It’s still fairly spreadable, but if you leave it out of the fridge for 10 minutes, it will be just right.
It’s so good, our youngest and I are currently fighting over it. Although it is really good as it is now, I’ll probably add more white chocolate to it next time. Once a chocoholic… Well, maybe not. I’m having a hard time staying away from it as it is now. All I want is getting my spoon out and devour it all…
Enjoy!
White Chocolate Peanut Butter
Ingredients
- 200 g (7 oz) unsalted peanuts
- 50 g (1.8 oz) sugar-free white chocolate
- 1/2 tsp salt
- Optional: vanilla extract
Instructions
- Put the unsalted peanuts in a food processor or powerful blender. Process until completely smooth (depending on the food processor, this may take 3-5 minutes).
- Melt the chocolate.
- Add the chocolate and salt to the peanut butter and blend until fully incorporated.
- If you like, you might add a tsp vanilla extract, but that's optional.
- The white chocolate peanut butter will be quite liquid at room temperature. I keep mine refrigerated. It's still fairly spreadable, but if you leave it out of the fridge for 10 minutes, it will be just right.
SaveCorel Draw X7 Crack is a powerful graphic design software drawing vector. It can be used to design trademarks, draw illustrators, model painting and typesetting, and other fields. Also, It can be used by anyone, regardless of whether you are a novice or an expert in design. It is easy to use and easy to learn. The next step is understanding the next steps. Download CorelDraw x7 Crack now, and you can start to create, design, or paint. CorelDRAW X7 graphic design software is powerful and easy to use. in short, CorelDRAW X7 allows you to express yourself through its professional content environment, professional photo editing, and web design.
The software features several workspaces that are based on your everyday workflow. Corel Draw X7 Activation Code allows you to access the tools wherever you are. This complete graphic design software is perfect for creating your style, whether designing layouts or editing photos. The whole package of designer drawing tools includes circular, rectangular, and polygonal shapes. In addition, these tools can create more fundamental elements such as segments, arcs, segments, or rounded rectangles. To make the most of these features, you can also use special brushes like pens and sprayers. Activation Code Corel X7 also offers comprehensive graphical positioning, deformation control, and other design solutions. This makes it easy to design precise dimensions such as logos and trademarks.
Download CorelDraw X7 Full Crack
Corel Draw X7 Serial Number is a fantastic platform to create stunning graphical designs with innovation. CorelDraw X7’s graphical interface is perfect for website design and professional photo editing. To make the package more appealing and more flexible, multiple workspace panels were added. CorelDraw has a new look and enhanced suite packages. Serial Number Corel Draw X7 can be considered a top choice for professionals.
Code Serial Number Corel Draw X7 is one of the most popular graphic design programs. Corel Corporation of Ottawa developed the software. It offers many vector drawing, illustration, and image manipulation tools. Although Corel Draw X7 Activation Code Free primary purpose is to enhance two-dimensional image editing, this professional vector graphics editor also offers many other tools that can be used for different design tasks. In addition, you can customize the user interface to your liking.
Serial Number Corel X7 offers advanced graphic packages that provide a wide range of tools to help you create professional-quality graphics. In addition, This program is an excellent choice for graphic designers. This program is one of the most popular image-editing and vector art software on the market. Serial Number Corel Draw X7 Free is combined with Photo. Paint X7 Connect X7 Website Creative Capture X7 PowerTrace X7. This suite has a new look that is just as addictive. It’s designed to be used for professional graphic concepts, layouts, and image editing.
Download Corel Draw X7 64 Bit Full Crack
Professional and novice graphic designers can use Crack CorelDraw X7 32 Bit. Core Draw’s graphic suite includes many options, including customizable menus and many filters. CorelDraw offers a wide range of visual work. Baixar Corel Draw X7 Crackeado Portugues 64 Bits is easy to use. All graphic designers and photographers today prefer the excellent graphics suite. It can be used to meet all the needs of artists and designers.
In addition, You will find the core applications within the Corel Photo-Paint, Connect, and Screen capturing packages. This package is perfect for all your design management needs. CorelDraw X7 Torrent has many other exciting products. Font Playground was another exciting feature. CorelDRAW’s interactive docker window allows users to preview and test fonts before adding them to their final product. You could also sample text using advanced OpenType font features in the Font Playground.
Corel Draw X7 Serial Number And Activation Code Offline has high functionality features and is widely used. In addition, this software has a lot of adorable qualities. Editing high-resolution digital photographs is easy with rich templates, clipart, and fonts. Many effects can be applied, as well as the ability to manage images and perform pixel editing. You can adjust the chosen figures by changing their size, position, scale, rotation, contrast, intensity, brightness, and even rotation. In addition, you can add special effects like 3D, colour transfers, art strokes, and distortion to your images.
Key Features:
- Freedom of choice.
- Use envelopes for bitmaps.
- This is used for web design.
- You should also allow for restrictions.
- Access multiple tools immediately.
- You can also enhance Live Sketching.
- Simple drawing tools.
- Professional design.
- Coreldraw is one of the most powerful photo editing programs available.
- Make graphics.
- Both 64-bit and 32-bit support.
- Offers Corel photo paint.
- Corel Draw x7 is faster than any other photo editing software.
- Transparency and full matches of management.
- Font preview is intuitive and straightforward with advanced character applications.
- Coral draw’s interface is easy to use.
- A novel way to edit pictures with perfect results.
What’s New In?
- Corel Draw 7 supports multiple resolutions and higher resolutions.
- This latest version includes easily seen fonts.
- This latest version includes many sophisticated character tools.
- This program supports advanced workspaces.
- Corel Draw 7 works more quickly and efficiently.
- It is simple to use and very direct.
- This software can handle complex scripts.
- This latest version includes new document styles.
- Corel Draw x7 supports advanced characters as well.
- This software is easy to use and works quickly.
- It supports photo editing and new fonts.
- Corel Draw x7 is compatible with all types of windows.
- This allows for a completely customizable workspace.
- in short, Transparency and control of files are possible..
Corel Draw
How To Install/Crack Corel Draw X7?
- First, uninstall the older version of the Corel Draw X7 using IObit Uninstaller Pro.
- Next, download the Corel Draw X7:
Final Cut Pro X 10.5.4 Crack
Bulk Image Downloader 6 Crack
One Comment on “Corel Draw X7 Crack + Activation Code [Latest Version] Free Download”WHAT IS HYALURONIC ACID?
Hyaluronic acid (HA) is a type of sugar found naturally in the skin that holds water and helps keep the body hydrated and plump. It is a lubricating clear substance that is naturally produced by the body and found in large concentration in the skin, inside the joints, within the eye sockets, and in other tissues. It is known to retain collagen, increase moisture, and provide elasticity in the skin.
Some of the important functions of Hyaluronic acid include keeping the skin moisturized, speeding up wound healing, holding up the structural components of collagen in the skin and creating a barrier against microorganisms.
Hyaluronic Acid occurs naturally in our body and plays a very important role in keeping our skin looking younger and supple.
It is no secret that the moisture in our skin decreases with age, prompting the need for a rehydration solution. This often leads to the use of supplemental hyaluronic acid, which are available in various forms. Some of these forms includes:
- Oral Supplements
- Topical Creams
- Serums
- Injections
In this this article, we will concentrate on the benefits of hyaluronic acid based skincare cream and serum. Here are 7 evidence-backed benefits of using hyaluronic acid for the face and body. This post also explains how often hyaluronic acid based skincare products can be used.
- Hydrates your skin
- Reduces inflammation & regulate tissue repair
- Smoothens skin texture
- Anti-aging benefits with skin cell regeneration
- Reduces dermatitis
- Soothes fine lines & wrinkles
- Provides antioxidant benefits
1. Hydrates your skin
Hyaluronic acid is a hydrator, so some of the changes noticeable in the skin after regular use are finer pores, skin plumpness which creates a huge reduction of fine lines and wrinkles, a massive reduction of under eye bags and a smooth silky and soft skin.
According to a report by the journal of clinicals and aesthetics dermatology, a study involving female participants applying topical hyaluronic acid as a lotion, serum or cream, demonstrated a 98% increase in skin hydration after 8 weeks of use across the different skin types.
2. Reduces inflammation & regulate tissue repair
According to Healthline roughly half of the hyaluronic acid in one’s body is present in the skin, where it binds to water to help retain moisture. Hyaluronic acid helps the skin maintain moisture and helps the tissue regeneration process involved in healing wounds. Due to the natural aging process and exposure to things like ultraviolet radiation from the sun, tobacco smoke and pollution; hyaluronic acid levels in the skin is dramatically reduced, slowing the healing process.
A 2016 study concluded that applying hyaluronic acid to the skin to heal wounds can help relieve inflammation and regulate tissue repair. It also has antibacterial properties, so it helps to reduce the risk of infection when applied directly to open wounds.
3. Smoothens skin texture
Aging and other environmental factors affects the quality and elasticity of the skin. You start to notice changes like drier and rough skin, slower healing time, undereye bags from lack of adequate rest, excessive sebum production which leads to acne, larger pores, UV damage, and chemical irritants from exposure to harsh products, just to name a few. These issues can cause adverse psychosocial effect on an individual’s self esteem. Luckily, hyaluronic acid in your skincare line combined with what naturally occurs in your skin can help reduce all the afore mentioned changes to the skin with consistent use while boosting a tighter and brighter moisture-rich skin.
Much in the same way it makes the appearance of the skin look tighter and brighter, hyaluronic acid, a potent hydrator also smoothens the texture of the skin, reducing fine lines and pores. This results in a silky-smooth finish you can see and feel. Hyaluronic Acid is however NOT going to replace your elastin.
4. Anti-aging benefits with skin cell regeneration
As quoted earlier, most of the body’s total hyaluronic acid is present in the skin. Changes in this amount, possibly due to ultraviolet sun exposure, can lead to the formation of wrinkles.
While it won’t speed up the cell renewal process, hyaluronic acid does help promote skin cell regeneration by offering extra hydration and barrier protection to the skin. This naturally leads to healthier cells and a more vibrant complexion.
Hyaluronic acid can significantly decrease the depth of wrinkles and enhance skin firmness and elasticity. We know this because a government study that involved women applying hyaluronic acid topically twice daily for 8 weeks, showed a 40% decrease in the depth of wrinkles and an up to 55% increase in skin firmness and elasticity compared to participants who did not.
Learn more about treating wrinkles here.
5. Reduces dermatitis
Hyaluronic acid can help to improve the symptoms of mild to moderate eczema. It helps draw moisture from the air to your skin. Smooth on cream with hyaluronic acid for an extra boost of moisture and to ease flaky, dry skin.
Participants in a 2011 study on dermatitis also found that hyaluronic acid in foam base was more pleasant to use and improved their eczema more than ceramide-containing emulsion cream.
6. SOOTHES FINE LINES AND WRINKLES
It’s never too early to start protecting and nourishing the skin.
A study, published in The Journal of Clinical and Aesthetic Dermatology, showed hyaluronic acid clearly demonstrated a significant benefit in decreasing the depth of wrinkles by up to 40%.
Hyaluronic Acid helps reduce the visibility of fine lines and wrinkles retaining moisture in the skin, creating a plumping effect. When the skin is protected and hydrated, increased skin cell production can take place, as the skin isn’t busy fighting for hydration. This leads to smoother, plumper skin cells.
Typically, the skin around the eye area is one of the first to show fine lines and wrinkles. Using an eye cream twice daily will help keep the skin supple and hydrated, and prevent new lines from forming.
7. PROVIDES ANTIOXIDANT BENEFITS
Hyaluronic Acid neutralizes toxic free radicals from UV radiation created during sun exposure and man-made sources like tanning beds and welding torches which causes damage to proteins, lipids, and DNA in the skin.
You may already know that daily use of a broad-spectrum sunscreen and avoiding harsh skincare ingredients combats UV rays, but you might not know that hyaluronic acid’s antioxidant and skin-replenishing properties go a long way toward mitigating those issues. But, while it has beneficial effects, topical hyaluronic acid is not a replacement for sunscreen.
Can one use Hyaluronic Acid every day?
How often a person can use hyaluronic acid will depend on the type.
According to the journal of clinical and aesthetic dermatology, a person can use skincare products that contain hyaluronic acid twice a day, but it is essential to read the instructions as products will vary.
Summary
Hyaluronic acid is an extremely versatile ingredient in skincare and it’s importance in tackling numerous skin issues. Using skincare products containing hyaluronic acid can help you maintain a youthful appearance and tackle many signs of aging.
For more information on Hyaluronic Acid Serum and Skincare products please visit us at Wenmedics.comThis article shows how to access Sage Cloud Accounting data using an Entity Framework code-first approach. Entity Framework 6 is available in .NET 4.5 and above. Sage Cloud Accounting data using the CData ADO.NET Provider.
- Sage Cloud Accounting Entity Framework 6 assembly and the connection string.
You can connect to Sage Business Cloud Accounting using the embedded OAuth connectivity. When you connect, the OAuth endpoint opens in your browser. Log in and grant permissions to complete the OAuth process. See the OAuth section in the online Help documentation for more information on other OAuth authentication flows.
<configuration> ... <connectionStrings> <add name="SageBCAccountingContext" connectionString="Offline=False;InitiateOAuth=GETANDREFRESH" providerName="System.Data.CData.SageBCAccounting" /> </connectionStrings> <entityFramework> <providers> ... <provider invariantName="System.Data.CData.SageBCAccounting" type="System.Data.CData.SageBCAccounting.SageBCAccountingProviderServices, System.Data.CData.SageBCAccounting.Entities.EF6" /> </providers> <entityFramework> </configuration> </code>
- Add a reference to System.Data.CData.SageBCAccounting SageBCAccounting SageBCAccountingContext : DbContext { public SageBCAccountingContext() { } protected override void OnModelCreating(DbModelBuilder modelBuilder) { // To remove the requests to the Migration History table Database.SetInitializer<SageBCAccountingContext>(null); // To remove the plural names modelBuilder.Conventions.Remove<PluralizingTableNameConvention>(); } }
- Create another .cs file and name it after the Sage Cloud Accounting entity you are retrieving, for example, SalesInvoices. In this file, define both the Entity and the Entity Configuration, which will resemble the example below:
using System.Data.Entity.ModelConfiguration; using System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.Schema; [System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.Schema.Table("SalesInvoices")] public class SalesInvoices { [System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.Key] public System.String contact_name { get; set; } public System.String total_amount { get; set; } }
- Now that you have created an entity, add the entity to your context class:
public DbSet<SalesInvoices> SalesInvoices { set; get; }
- With the context and entity finished, you are now ready to query the data in a separate class. For example:
SageBCAccountingContext context = new SageBCAccountingContext(); context.Configuration.UseDatabaseNullSemantics = true; var query = from line in context.SalesInvoices select line;Dawn Lynn is a Nutrition Manager with over 25 years experience, working in Long Term Care Facilities, enhancing quality of service to Seniors in Niagara.
Certified with the Canadian Society of Nutrition Management and Ontario Society of Nutrition Manager.
Dawn Lynn also has experience working with community groups and organizations enhancing quality of health in Niagara.
Scott is a 28 year veteran in the field of Ceramic Research and Process Engineering. His experience includes building applications for the gathering and interpretation of data in the industrial environment. This includes design of well organized user interfaces for manual information input and retrieval.
More recently Scott has focused on the building and implementation of web based applications targeted to small and medium sized businesses.
Steve Stunt has been active with new business start-ups for over 20 years.
With sound strategic planning, he has helped several new business ventures move forward from inception to growth.
He has been a keynote speaker at several Entrepreneurship conferences, hosted his own radio show on business, as well as working with one of Canada's largest banks in producing a training video for entrepreneurs on business planning. Steve has also taught entrepreneurship and marketing at an Ontario College for over 25 years.
With a keen understanding of emerging markets in the IT sector, Steve has delivered sound solutions to companies that continue to be innovative in their approach to customer care and client management.Transfer duty self assessors
Transfer duty self assessors can lodge and pay transactions online. Find out how to register and your obligations, and the tools to assess and calculate duty.
- Last reviewed: 3 Nov 2021
- Last updated: 14 Oct 2020.
Check In Qld app
Using the Check In Qld app to collect customer information is now mandatory for many businesses. Download the app to register your business now.Untouchable (Classic, 20th-Century, Penguin)
Anand, Mulk Raj
AbeBooks Seller Since December 20, 2007Quantity: 4
Stock Image
AbeBooks Seller Since December 20, 2007Quantity: 4
About this Item
Bibliographic Details
Title: Untouchable (Classic, 20th-Century, Penguin)
Publisher: Penguin Classics
Publication Date: 1990
Binding: Soft cover
Book Condition: Good
About this title
Explores the plight of the `Untouchables' in Hindu society in the 1930s.About the Author:
Mulk Raj Anand, one of the most highly regarded Indian novelists writing in English, was born in Peshawar in 1905. He was educated at the universities of Lahore, London and Cambridge, and lived in England for many years, finally settling in a village in Western India after the war. His main concern has always been for "the creatures in the lower depths of Indian society who once were men and women: the rejected, who had no way to articulate their anguish against the opressors." His novels of humanism have been trabnslated into several world languages.
The fiction-factions include Untouchable (1935), described by Martin Seymour-Smith as "one of the most eloquent and imaginative works to deal with this difficult and emotive subject," Coolie (1936), Two Leaves and a Bud (1937), The Village (1939), Across the Black Waters (1940), The Sword and the Sickle (1942), and the much-acclaimed Private Life of an Indian Prince (1953). His autobiographical novels, Seven Summers (1950), Morning Face (1968), which won the National Academy Award, Confession of a Lover (1972) and The Bubble (1988), reveal the story of his experiments with truth and the struggle of his various egos to attain a possible higherStags are only permissible till 8 pm. Post 8 pm they will need to vacate the premises .
No Arms and security guards are allowed inside the club
kids are not allowed
any harm to the property will be charged
Kids below 16 year are not permissible after 8 pm
Post 8 pm groups need to
have a minimum 50 percent female to male ratio
Stags can take the 5 to 8 slot
Post 8 they would need to vacate the premises
We hold the table for 10 min
A table gets promised not any particular location
Sea view tables are given on minimum spend or at discretion of the management .
Dress code – Smart casuals , ganjis / vests are not permissible after 8 pm
- bouncers and security guards are not allowed inside the premises
- rescheduling the booking is not possible .She sat in court to see the fiend who robbed her children of their childhood robbed of his freedom.
But the mum of two of predatory George Croudace's victims is today devastated after learning the paedophile's jail sentence has been slashed.
The 71-year-old former foster carer was locked up for nine-and-a-half years for preying on three vulnerable youngsters and hoarding a sick stash of vile child porn on his computer.
However, Appeal Court judges have now decided the jail term was too severe and cut his sentence by three years.
The decision has come as a devastating blow to the mum of two of the youngsters he abused.
She has told of the horrifying moment she discovered her children had been assaulted, and her determination to rebuild their lives.
The 33-year-old said: "From a mother's point of view no sentence will ever be enough, but he's only been inside since May and he's already appealed. I'm just devastated.
"I really struggle to trust anyone with my kids now. Some days I cry when I drop them at school and I have questioned myself as a parent."
And reliving the moment her daughter confided in her, she added: "When those words came out my little girl's mouth it was like my worst nightmare coming true."
To the outside world Croudace was a kind-hearted pillar of the community.
The former trade union leader and his wife had been fostering children at their home in North Shields for 32 years.
But behind closed doors he was a predatory paedophile with a sick sexual interest in young children.
Croudace's double life was exposed when his three victims, who were not children he had fostered, told their mums he had interfered with them.
As police investigated his heinous crimes they examined his computers and found he had also downloaded hundreds of indecent images of children, some as young as two, Newcastle Crown Court heard.
The victims' mum, who cannot be named to protect her children's identities, will forever be haunted by the night she found out her little girl had been molested.
"I was putting her to bed one night, I was sat on her bed brushing her hair and she turned round and said; 'he does rude things to us'," she said.
"I believed her but I didn't want to believe her. But she was so young. I don't watch soaps or adult dramas in front of her so there's no other way she could have known these things."
And the mum's nightmare was intensified when she later discovered her son had also been a victim of Croudace.
"I never asked my son directly," she continued. "The police were coming in and out the house to talk to my daughter. Then they had to speak to him.
"He still to this day doesn't think it was wrong. He thinks he was playing with him."
Recorder Eric Elliott QC jailed Croudace in May, after hearing one of the victims claimed to have been abused hundreds of times.
He also imposed a sexual harm prevention order and ordered that Croudace sign on the sex offenders' register for life.
However, his case came before London's Court of Appeal earlier this month where Croudace argued his jail term was too long.
The abuse had "profound effects” on the victims, two girls and a boy who were all under 10, Mr Justice Goose told the court
And he added: "The consequences will last for many years."
However, Mr Justice Goose, sitting with two other judges, concluded Croudace's “total sentence was too severe”.
He was of previous good character and had a history of “chronic moderate depression”, the judge added.
Croudace, who watched the case via live video link, said, "thank you very much" as the judge cut his sentence to six-and-a-half years.
The victims' mum is now focusing on helping her children overcome their ordeals.
"My kids are absolutely amazing," she said. "I have seen a totally different side to my little girl since this stopped.
"She was very quiet, very reserved and very withdrawn. I thought she was being bullied at school,. I thought everything apart from what was right in front of me."
"But now she's a totally different girl.
"I'm just thankful I found out when I did and she didn't go through her whole life like that."Outdoor Wedding Venues In Michigan. From contemporary accommodations to rustic retreats, affordable options to unbelievable. Michigan weddings both outdoor and in are famously beautiful.
Let's just say we love our state and are about to drop some.
On top of all that, if you live in Southeast Michigan and you've decided to keep your.
As wedding photographers we know these idyllic outdoor wedding venues will feed your. If you are considering this outdoor wedding venue in Michigan, be sure to hire a DJ with a portable power supply for your ceremony. It's the picture-perfect location for any wedding, whether a small intimate reception in the garden room with its stone fireplace or a lavish reception in the banquet room overlooking one of Michigan Golf Course Weddings - Bay Pointe Golf Club.Lazybones Lounge Restaurant & Bar
Keyna Wilkins 'Set Me Free' Album Launch + Yulugi + Meremba Duo
Event Details
Collab with Jalal Mahamede poet and 9 years detained refugee
8.30pm KEYNA WILKINS and JALAL MAHAMEDE "SET ME FREE" ALBUM LAUNCH
"Set Me Free" is an album collaboration between 9 years imprisoned refugee poet-artist Jalal Mahamede and Australian Art Music Award finalist Keyna Wilkins, working via zoom from his prison cell, with many special guests. It is a musical setting of 13 of his poems around themes of justice and freedom. Jalal has been in detention for 9 years. This has included 6 years on Nauru and 7 months on Christmas Island and he is currently held in a Brisbane detention centre. Doctors Without Borders described conditions in Nauru refugee camps as "beyond desperate", UNHCR described it as "some of the worst conditions seen".Through this immense pain has come an understanding of tragedy, humanity and compassion. His poems are evocative, soulful and beautiful. Jalal is a refugee who has committed no crime, but he remains in limbo, with no time frame, end date or guarantee of release. This is his story set to music. A book of his illustrated poetry is soon to be published by Tangerine Books.
Youtube:
MORE INFO:
For more info about Jalal:
9.30pm: YULUGI
"Providing an instantly engaging set was Yulugi, with Gumaroy Newman's arresting voice and yidaki leading us deep into his ancestral culture, in dialogue with Keyna Wilkins' luminous flutes." Sydney Morning Herald
Yulugi is a collaboration between leading didgeridoo player and song man Gumaroy Newman, a proud Gamilaroi and Wakka Wakka man and Keyna Wilkins, a British-Australian composer/musician. For this special debut post COVID show, Yulugi will be joined by special guest beatboxer Connor Malanos. Yulugi is a dialogue across cultures, inspired by the Australian landscape and animals. The word 'Yulugi' means play, dance or have fun in Gamilaroi.
Youtube:
10.30pm: MEREMBA DUO
"Two sisters' musical worlds: piano songwriting ranging from the epic to the light-hearted with hints of Joanna Newsom, Regina Spektor and Tori Amos; gentle folk melodies on guitar influenced by great storytellers Joni Mitchell, Kate Rusby and Kate Bush. Accordion, piano, violin and guitar create a backdrop for their beautiful vocal harmonies."
Youtube:
8.30pm bands 🎤
$30 +bf entry includes a meal of your choice
Lazybones Lounge Restaurant & Bar is a COVID Safe ✅. You must obey the conditions of entry.Here at Superior Concrete Technologies we place high priority on treating our customers with respect, being honest and informing them of what to expect, and providing a durable, high quality coating that can withstand the years to come. We are locally owned and operated. At our core we are very team, family, and community focused.
This system is perfect for making any concrete surface look like real wood. Perfect for indoor and outdoor applications.One of the most progressive chains in the Balkans will this month be recognised for its work when Blitz-CineStar receives CineEurope’s “International Exhibitor of the Year” award.
Celebrating an increasingly vibrant cinema-going culture in the region, the Blitz-CineStar chain, with 23 sites throughout the former Yugoslavia, will receive recognition for delivering the best movie-going magic to audiences. The award will be presented to Hrvoje Krstulovic, co-founder, as part of the CineEurope awards ceremony hosted by the Coca-Cola Company on Thursday, 20 June, at the Centre Convencions Internacional Barcelona (CCIB) in Barcelona, Spain. Each year at CineEurope, this coveted award is given to an exhibitor whose growth, accomplishments, new developments and market leadership make them a standard-bearer for the industry.
Blitz-CineStar opened its first multiplex, CineStar Zagreb in 2003. CineStar Zagreb remains the largest multiplex in the former Yugoslavia with 13 screens and 2,940 seats. The CineStar chain currently has a further 22 multiplexes (including forthcoming sites in Banja Luka and Belgrade), with a total of 145 screens and nearly 23,000 seats. It is one of the company’s objectives to continue to bring
a state-of-the-art movie experience throughout the region, with a series of upcoming projects.
A brand with value
Blitz-CineStar is the major innovative force in the local exhibition market, continuously upgrading its services, not only in terms of implementing cutting-edge technologies, but also through the introduction of a series
of branded consumer services which have made it into one of the most recognisable brands — the CineStar brand itself has received seven Superbrands awards within Croatia, including a Superbrands Exclusive award, and several consumer awards including winning three Best Buy Awards, notably the Best Buy Award Millennials 2018.
Last year, the company’s 15th anniversary was marked by winning a prestigious ICTA award in the category New Build Cinema of the Year, for its CineStar 4DX Mall in Split, the biggest cinema site in Croatia’s coastal region of Dalmatia.
“It gives us great pleasure to present this award to the Blitz-CineStar chain,” said Andrew Sunshine, president of the Film Expo Group. “Blitz-CineStar has built a culture of innovation for cinema, changing the movie-going experience in the Balkan region. They’ve proved to be a pioneer in the industry and we congratulate all on this well-deserved honour.”
UNIC’s CEO Laura Houlgatte-Abbott added: “We are delighted to see Blitz-CineStar recognised at CineEurope this year. The award acknowledges their highly committed efforts towards enhancing the Big Screen experience across the Balkans and is a celebration of the cinema-going culture in the region.”
Reacting to the announcement, Blitz-CineStar’s Hrvoje Krstulovic said: “We are delighted — it will be a great honour to receive such high industry recognition on behalf of our team.”
CineEurope 2019 takes place 17-20 June at the Centre Convencions Internacional Barcelona (CCIB). Find our more and to register, head toArts:
BAMPFA Virtual Tour | Rosie Lee Tompkins: A Retrospective: September 23 | 5-6:30 p.m. | Join us for an NPN Social Hour hosted by BAMPFA. Our museum colleagues will briefly discuss their roles at the university’s visual arts center and introduce their latest exhibit - a groundbreaking retrospective on the artist Rosie Lee Tompkins. Zoom meeting link will be shared with the NPN listserv by Tuesday, September 22. To request the link or join our listserv, email bsa_npn@berkeley.edu
Cal Performances At Home: This new streaming series will bring 15 full length theater and musical performances directly into your home! Along with lectures, interviews and educational content for a new enhanced more intimate and approximate live performance experience in the time of COVID.
Family/Social:
Social Justice:
Black Minds Matter: A free online video course facilitated by J. Luke Wood, Ph.D. and Donna Y Ford, Ph.D. that seeks to raise the national consciousness about issues facing Black children in education. Video here.
Dismantling Racism Study & Action Staff Group: The Dismantling Racism Study & Action Group for justice, liberation, and belonging at UC Berkeley is a volunteer organization, made up primarily of UC Berkeley staff but also welcoming student and faculty participants. Join the group.
Berkeley Talks:The power of mentorship, sisterhood in politics: This discussion was part of the Bay Area Women in Politics Oral History Project, which highlights the work of women leaders in the Bay Area.
* * *
Brown Bag Networking Lunch: September 9 | 12-1:00 p.m. | Meet staff from across campus while exchanging opportunities and resources! There will be an opportunity for small group discussions in break out rooms. Feel free to enjoy your lunch during the meeting. Zoom meeting link will be shared with the NPN listserv by Tuesday, September 8. To request the link or join our listserv, email bsa_npn@berkeley.edu
Women in Tech Virtual Panel: Altered Environments, New Opportunities: September 10 | 4:00 - 5::30 pm. Join UCI Women in Tech for a dynamic conversation exploring ways that women can adapt and thrive during this period of unprecedented change. This inaugural event features a keynote delivered by an expert in remote workplaces, followed by a diverse panel sharing perspectives on finding and sustaining success following the (overnight) pandemic-driven shift to a virtual workplace. Register now.
Counter Potential Unconscious Bias: In this online course offered by LinkedIn Learning, diversity expert Stacey Gordon helps you recognize and acknowledge your own biases so that you can identify them when making decisions, and prevent yourself from making calls based on a biased viewpoint. Course Info here!
Sponsored Tuition Program: People & Culture in cooperation with UC Berkeley Extension continue to provide tuition assistance, now up to $5250 each year, for eligible employees. More information about the program.
Race Matters: A guide from People & Culture to assist leaders in supporting and engaging with their staff on matters of race. Guide found here.Best Audi Allroad Auto Insurance Rates 2021
The price of car insurance for the Audi Allroad depends on a lot of factors. Among the things that can impact your Audi Allroad car insurance rates are your driving history and where you live. Of course, the purchase price of the Audi Allroad Allroad can earn you a car insurance discount
- The cost of insurance for an Audi Allroad depends on the trim level
- Crash test ratings have an impact on Audi Allroad auto insurance rates
If you’re looking to buy an Audi Allroad, you will want to know the details first. We’ve put together information on insurance for the Audi Allroad to help you get an idea of costs. We’ve also gathered other cost information, including how much an Audi Allroad will run you.
Read on to learn all about the Audi Allroad including MSRP, safety features and crash test ratings, and more. You’ll be able to buy your new Audi Allroad with confidence.
To see fast, free Audi Allroad insurance quotes right now, just enter your ZIP code above. We’ll provide you with personal Audi Allroad insurance rate from top companies right away.
What impacts the cost of Audi Allroad insurance?
The Audi Allroad trim and model you choose can impact the total price you will pay for Audi Allroad insurance coverage.
You can also expect your Audi Allroad rates to be affected by where you live, your driving history, and in most states your age and gender.
Audi Allroad Crash Test Ratings
Good Audi Allroad crash test ratings can lower your Audi Allroad auto insurance rates. You can see Audi Allroad crash test results here.
Audi Allroad Safety Features
The numerous safety features of the Audi Allroad help contribute to lower insurance rates. The Audi Allroad has the following safety features:
- Driver Air Bag
- Passenger Air Bag
- Front Head Air Bag
- Rear Head Air Bag
- Front Side Air Bag
- Rear Side Air Bag
- 4-Wheel ABS
- 4-Wheel Disc Brakes
- Brake Assist
- Electronic Stability Control
- Daytime Running Lights
- Child Safety Locks
- Integrated Turn Signal Mirrors
- Traction Control
- Blind Spot Monitor
- Cross-Traffic Alert
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Ways to Save on Audi Allroad Insurance
There are several ways you can save even more on your Audi Allroad car insurance rates. Take a look at the following five tips:
- Ask about farm and ranch vehicle discounts
- Provide your Audi Allroad VIN when requesting Audi Allroad auto insurance quotes
- Consider using a tracking device on your Audi Allroad
- Reduce modifications on your Audi Allroad
- Buy a dashcam for your Audi Allroad
Top Audi Allroad Insurance Companies
What is the best auto insurance company for Audi Allroad insurance rates? While the actual rates you pay will depend on many factors, here are some of the top companies offering Audi Allroad auto insurance coverage (ordered by market share). Many of these companies offer discounts for security systems and other safety features found on the Audi Allroad.
Comparing Free Audi Allroad Insurance Quotes Online
You can start comparing quotes for Audi Allroad insurance from some of the top car insurance companies by using our free online tool today.Dr. Fahad Khalid, chief of hospital medicine at Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center, mentioned most of the breakthrough circumstances seen at the facility are diagnosed in patients admitted for another difficulty that take a look at constructive upon arrival. Vaccinated patients also account for 3% of the state’s recorded deaths, appearing Secretary of Health Alison Beam mentioned during a news conference at Penn Medicine Lancaster General Hospital. In keeping with the latest figures, the nation has recorded greater than seven million cases and 195 835 deaths, the best dying toll in Europe. This isn’t about finding viruses and saying ‘this nation is a high risk to the remainder of the world,’” Daszak said. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, builds on proof that bats are the principle host-animals for viruses like SARS-CoV-2 and that folks dwelling near their roosts are especially vulnerable. That makes the risk of publicity to animal viruses in nature “far, far better than any possible exposure in a lab,” Holmes said. “And this is simply bats. Peter Daszak and colleagues at the new York-based EcoHealth Alliance used bat distribution modeling and ecological and epidemiological knowledge to estimate the chance of publicity to SARS-related coronaviruses, and the rate of unreported bat-to-human infections in China, South Asia and Southeast Asia.
See if the actual data they provided offers any perception into those two questions. The Department of Health mentioned the information exhibits the infection fee among unvaccinated. An analysis of breakthrough COVID-19 infections in Pennsylvania reveals the phenomenon happens infrequently, accounting for just 6% of the state’s practically 640,000 circumstances recorded since January, health officials mentioned Tuesday. For every 100,000 residents, in rural Northern California, 429 people are testing constructive for the coronavirus weekly; within the San Joaquin Valley, it’s 311; within the better Sacramento region, it’s 222; in Southern California, it’s 147; and in the San Francisco Bay Space, it’s 108. Hospitals remain underneath intense stress within the Central Valley and rural Northern California, which have the worst rates of COVID-19 hospitalization in California. Almost two years because the novel coronavirus started infecting folks within the central Chinese metropolis of Wuhan, scientists have yet to determine the pandemic’s genesis. This week, Greece also started testing unvaccinated staff in each public and private sectors. The newest provocations started final weekend, when North Korea test-fired two “new-sort, lengthy-range” cruise missiles. The United States and South Korea final month held their annual joint military workouts, which invariably irritate North Korea and demand (in its eyes) a reply. The World Health Organization mentioned there have been about four million coronavirus instances reported globally final week, marking the first major drop in new infections in more than two months.
Russia has the fifth-highest variety of recorded Covid instances, according to an AFP tally, and has struggled to rein in infections despite easy access to vaccines. In practice, however, that’s exactly when an impatient citizenry may demand an end to them. Indo-Pacific Command famous North Korea’s “continuing focus on creating its navy program and the threats that poses to its neighbors and the worldwide neighborhood.” It reiterated, nevertheless, that “the U.S. There may be little indication, however, that the United States will oblige and be moved to re-engage. There are additionally foods that may act as diuretics. Daszak, who supports the speculation of wildlife supply, has been criticized for collaborating on Nationwide Institutes of Health-funded analysis at the Wuhan Institute of Virology on lab research that some scientists say could have led to the creation of a progenitor virus. Almost two dozen bat species that may be infected by coronaviruses dwell in an space of Asia greater than six occasions the dimensions of Texas, with southern China and components of Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam and Indonesia deemed the riskiest for spillovers. In Asia, about 478 million people stay in an area inhabited by coronavirus-carrying bats, covering most of Laos, Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam, Nepal, Bhutan, peninsular Malaysia, Myanmar, southeast China and the western islands of Indonesia, the research stated.
These include mink, civets, raccoon canine and different mammals generally farmed and traded for food and fur in Asia, in keeping with the analysis. Moscow residents not have to current a QR code demonstrating they’ve been vaccinated or have immunity in order to take a seat in cafes, restaurants and bars from 19 July. Moscow city authorities on June sixteen ordered all staff with public-going through roles to be vaccinated towards Covid-19. The announcement comes amid fears of a possible surge in Covid-19 infections this winter. The Kremlin initially set a aim of totally inoculating 60 percent of Russia’s inhabitants by September, but later dropped that target although free jabs have been available since early December. He advised the AFP information agency that as much as 60 % of the inhabitants may very well be absolutely vaccinated by October, adding that large numbers of infections had also boosted ranges of immunity. Listeria monocytogenes, an organism which could cause serious and generally fatal infections in young kids, frail or elderly folks, and others with weakened immune programs.Take your Internet presence to the next level with Berry Web Designs. Our breathtaking design and customer service has everything you need to setup your site.
Not only will your site look great, but it will function great on all devices. Your customers are everywhere, except in front of their PC.
Our Active Monitoring service will not only keep your website up and running in top shape, but keep it up to date now and in the future. Because of this we can offer "first of it's kind" Website Warranty and Upgrade Protection.
Welcome to Berry Web Designs
Stuck in traffic, at the supermarket, picking the kids up at daycare, at the gym, at work... the one place your customers are most likely NOT looking for you is in front of their PC. There's an 85% chance of it! Let Berry Web Designs mobilize your internet presence today!
Call Berry Web Designs Today for a FREE consultation! No high-pressure sales. Speak directly with someone in the USA.
MODERN DESIGNS
Custom designed especially for you
OUR PROCESS
Customer driven, results oriented
SERVICE & SUPPORT
Your satisfaction is our priority
WE ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT DESIGN
At Berry Web Designs, it's all about providing a pleasant customer experience while showcasing your products and services. We don't get bogged down in endless paperwork or meetings to set appointments for more meetings. We respect that your time is valuable.
At the end of the day, if your customers can't find what they are looking for on your website easily and in a matter of seconds, the opportunity is gone. We take that seriously.My rating: 4 of 5 stars
The church in Oxgodby has a medieval wall painting that is need of uncovering and restoring. For Tom Birkin, a survivor of World War 1, it offers a place of peace and tranquillity to contemplate the past years and to recover from his failed marriage. He is not the only stranger in the village, a man called Charles Moon is also employed to look for a grave on the un-consecrated ground just outside the church.
As Birkin contemplates the events that took place over that idyllic summer, he remembers an English countryside that had undergone little change. It was a time that the nation drew a collective breath after the horrors of the war and had started to return to a pre-war pattern. His acts of rising, talking to Moon and then working on the artwork soothed his nerves and calmed his soul, and the season ground inexorably towards autumn.
Carr has written a book full of subtle nuances and symbolism. By taking these men who have seen things that no man ever should experience, he uses the serenity of an English summer in a small village to dissipate their fears and anger. In this short book, he ventures deep into the roots of happiness and how both joy and sadness are closely linked and form your very person. It is difficult to pin down exactly what makes this such a good book, some of it is its brevity, there is not a wasted word in here, but I think for me it is the way that Carr has captured that very essence of summer distilled it and woven it throughout the book. Will definitely be reading this again.
View all my reviews
This sounds wonderful....perfect read with a summer sunset on the horizon.
Happiness is a choice... you can decide.
It was quite special.Tears are words that need to be written
09/03/2014 - 18:30
Category:
Grade of Class:
Secondary school students
"TEARS ARE WORDS THAT NEED TO BE WRITTEN" is a short film about the Jewish history of our town. It is prepared by students from the "Kole Nehtenin High School. Through the life story of Isaac Sion we can feel the pain and the suffering of the Jews at that time.
The end of the film is a universal message to the world leaders. Actually, it’s a call for tolerance for all religions and cultures, an appeal for mercy, compassion and understanding for every human being. The message is: “Let us embrace our diversity and honor our interdependence as the only way to peace and justice in the country and in the world.
Our town's Jewish history
School:
SOU \"kole Nehtenin\" - ShtipMy gal and I were invited by TAT to visit Koh Samui and learn about their recently launched “Samui Plus” travel sandbox program for international tourists. During this trip, I received a lot of questions from folks about the program and what travelers participating in the program could expect when visiting Koh Samui.
There are already some great resources available online, so whenever possible I will point to these sources where you can explore further. This article is meant to answer those questions that you might have, as I had, after reading these other sources. For instance, what are the timeline and restrictions during this 14-day program for travelers? What are a “Samui Extra Plus” and “SHA+ Hotel” and what are their differences? What about eating out? What about sightseeing?
After chatting with officials involved in implementing the Samui Plus travel program, hoteliers, restauranteurs, and tour operators I can answer these questions as well as provide some recommendations for places to stay, eat, and see from our own personal experience during this trip.
Are you ready to travel? (photo by TAT)
if you have any interest in visiting Koh Samui internationally this article will be of interest to you. Let’s begin!
What is “Samui Plus and how do I do it?
How do I visit? (photo by TAT)
In a nutshell, the “Samui Plus” program is Thailand’s answer for those international travelers who want to visit Koh Samui. It is similar to the “Phuket Sandbox” scheme but it is a bit more restrictive. To understand the “Samui Plus” program and how it differs from the “Phuket Sandbox” I recommend first reading this helpful step-by-step guide.
Unlike Phuket’s program, you can’t just land, get swabbed, and if negative for COVID-19 explore the island as you please. So of the two options why would anyone choose this one? Some travelers might appreciate the extra caution that is being taken to prevent the risk of COVID-19 on Koh Samui, Koh Phangan, and Koh Tao (the three islands involved in this program) and as a result, feel safer traveling there. For some, these islands might hold a nostalgic significance and this program presents the easiest opportunity for them to visit from overseas.
Water cannon salute for first Samui Plus flight. (photo by TAT)
No matter what your personal reason for visiting the islands, your first step is to register for a Certificate of Entry to visit Thailand. Once you’ve gathered all of your required documents and received all of your approvals you will be able to travel to Koh Samui through the program.
What are the timeline/restrictions?
Samui Plus Timeline
The easiest way to remember this timeline is to think “3-7-8”. Immediately after arrival, travelers will be asked to load two tracking applications on their smartphones. They will then be swabbed with an RT-PCR test for COVID-19. If negative they will be transported directly to their “Samui Extra Plus” (aka ALQ or AQ) accommodations where they will stay for the first 7 days. I will cover the two different types of lodging later.
For the first 3 days, travelers will be restricted to staying at the hotel. After day 4, travelers will be able to leave their hotel but only on special guided trips (I’ll cover that later, too). These tours are tightly regulated so that participants can do some sightseeing activities but they won’t be free to go about on their own. Travelers must then get their second RT-PCR swab between days 6 and 7.
If they receive a negative result from the second swab then they’re able to move to a SHA+ accommodation of their choice on any of the 3 islands (Koh Samui, Koh Phangan, Koh Tao) from days 8 to 14. Their third RT-PCR swab occurs between days 12 and 13. If they receive a negative result then they are free to travel throughout Thailand (local restrictions permitting) after day 14.
What is the difference between the hotels?
Beach from Pavilion Samui Hotel
There are 2 types of hotels for the Samui Plus program: “Samui Extra Plus” (aka ALQ or AQ) and the SHA+ Hotel. The first week of a traveler’s stay is in a “Samui Extra Plus” hotel (or villa). This reservation must be booked directly with the hotel in order to receive a SHABA certificate (SHA Plus Booking Authentication System) for the COE requirement. These accommodations are only for travelers participating in the Samui Plus travel program. They have the ability to perform the RT-PCR swabs on-site, have a staff high vaccination rate, and are able to isolate and respond to any infections.
There are far fewer of these accommodations than SHA+ Hotels. They are also more expensive. That’s because they have stricter controls and can only accept Samui Plus travelers. Some of these places will completely change your attitude towards quarantine accommodations. I’d love to spend 3 days unable to leave these “Samui Extra Plus” resorts!
SHA+ Hotels are basically hotels that you can book via Agoda, Booking.com, etc. They’ve just added additional health and safety measures such as temperature checks and alcohol gel so that they could be certified as SHA+ by the Thailand Safety and Health Agency. The guests can be a mix of domestic and international travelers.
Recommendations for SHA+ Hotels
Hmmm…where to work on my farmer’s tan?
While in Koh Samui we stayed at a SHA+ Hotel and were able to review a few others to get an idea of what was available. Frankly, under normal circumstances, these places would be a little out of my wallet range. But due to so many places competing for so few tourists this is a travelers market and the absolute best time to pamper yourself during your stay.
Whatever your budget you’ll find hundreds of options available in Koh Samui, Koh Phangan, and Koh Tao. But for specific recommendations, I am happy to recommend these places that I have personally visited and or stayed at in Koh Samui.
Pavilion Samui Resort
During this TAT trip, we stayed at the Pavilion Samui Resort on the beautiful Lamai Beach. Having a huge king-sized bed and a plunge pool attached to the private villa suite was pretty nice. But the real treat was the solitude of having the entire gorgeous soft sand of Lamai Beach all to ourselves…
Muang Samui Spa Resort
We had the opportunity to experience a Thai massage at the Muang Samui Spa Resort. After some pampering inside their spa cave, they opened up one of their deluxe accommodations so we could see how the other half lives. Wow! With the deals that they have running now, you might be surprised to find these plush accommodations are actually affordable…
Kamalaya
If Koh Samui were to be my home away from home, Kamalaya is where I’d want to hang my hat. We recently had a 4-day stay there where we swapped Bangkok for pure bliss. Their rooms, wellness programs, and dining rates have been dramatically reduced. Now is a great time to focus on your physical, spiritual, and mental well being and I can think of no place better to do it than in one of Asia’s top wellness resorts!
Villa Nalinnadda
We visited Villa Nalinnadda Petite Beachfront Hotel & Spa for lunch on our first day (more about that later!). This boutique hotel considers itself “petite” since it only offers 9 suites. But these rooms are HUGE and stunning with amazing views of the beachfront. It’s also one of the few accommodations where small fur babies are permitted for a fee but children are not allowed fee or otherwise…
What about eating out?
Appetizer at The Nature Samui
You’ve accomplished the myriad of requirements to enter Thailand and flown many miles (or kilometers) to get to this beautiful island paradise. If you’re like me, the most prominent thought on your mind will be, “So what can eat?”
If you’ve arrived in Koh Samui as a part of the “Samui Plus” program the answer is quite simple for the first few days. Whatever your hotel serves. For that first week while staying in the Samui Extra Plus accommodations you will rely on their kitchen for food except in those instances you take a guided tour which might include a meal. That’s why it’s important to choose wisely where you stay if gastronomy is a big part of your vacation experience.
But on the 8th day when you move to your SHA+ Hotel, you’ll be free to pursue every culinary desire you have been building up since landing. Yes, you can support the local noodle stand. Yes, you can even get a ham and cheese panini at 7-11 (I’m not judging). There’s also been a big push to get restaurants SHA+ certified and it’s encouraged that these establishments be used by visitors.
All of the places that we dined in were SHA+ restaurants, and I’m happy to recommend some of these gems!
Beachfront Cafe at Nalinnadda
Located at the Villa Nalinnadda Petite Beachfront Hotel & Spa, the Beachfront Cafe specializes in Kala noodles, western dishes, and incredible pies and cakes. The husband and wife owners, Martin and Nokie, have teamed up to present a great menu. You can’t go wrong ordering any of Nokie’s noodle dishes, or tender slow-cooked ribs. But whatever you order make sure to save room for a slice of Martin’s cakes or pies. The Banoffee pie is one of the best pies I’ve ever eaten! Trust me. I wouldn’t visit Koh Samui without getting it at least once…
Google map location:
The Nature Samui
One thing I’ve learned traveling with TAT is that you will discover some great places to dine at and you will eat well. For this particular trip, The Nature Samui was my favorite dining experience. Most of the ingredients come fresh from their garden (which you can stroll through). These vibrant dishes are beautifully presented and bursting with flavor. This place offers tranquility and amazing food. You won’t want to leave…
Google map location:
Phensiri Samui
For an excellent Thai bistro, Phensiri Samui offers local favorite dishes without compromising on flavor. Rich coconut milk-based soups like Tom Kha Gai and fiery laab dishes for heat seekers are satisfying. They also boast a western menu of dishes for those that might want a taste of home. Pro Tip: check out the gift shop that has beautiful and reasonably priced homemade bracelets and necklaces by one of the wait staff, Lilly. They’re great gift ideas…
Google map location:
Krua Jan Hom Seafood Restaurant (ร้านอาหารจันทร์หอมซีฟู้ด)
For tasty Southern Thai cuisine and fresh seafood, Krua Jan Hom Seafood Restaurant (ร้านอาหารจันทร์หอมซีฟู้ด) is a local favorite. The menu is extensive, reasonably priced, and all dishes are cooked to order. As a bonus, they offer dining right on the beach and the sunset views can’t be beaten…
Google map location:
What about sightseeing?
Ang Thong National Marine Park (photo by @writingbymatt)
Starting from day 4, tourists will be able to explore Koh Samui but only using a designated route with an approved tour operator. At the time of our visit, the details/programs were still being ironed out. But there was one tour that we were able to participate in as an example of what is being offered. This tour was to Ang Thong National Marine Park.
The tour takes guests throughout the marine park area via speedboat to see some of the 42 islands. There is an opportunity to get out of the boat to visit one of the beaches of Mae Koh Island, but guests on these restricted tours will not be able to the “Emerald Lake”, Ta Le Nai Lagoon. For that guests will have to wait until they’ve checked into their SHA+ Hotel on Day 8 and can take a regular tour.
My personal thoughts…
Samui Plus Press Conference
While attending the Samui Plus Press Conference I had a chance to gather my thoughts about the program. I’m happy to share them with you.
One thing that really struck me was witnessing just how much Koh Samui has been affected by the complete lack of tourism. It’s not just a few businesses that have taken a hit. There are whole sections where every single business is simply shuttered. I’ve never seen so many closed Family Marts and 7-11’s–places in Bangkok that seem recession-proof. It has affected ALL sectors, and it’s tragic.
There were two messages that I kept hearing from those involved in the industry (hoteliers, restauranteurs, tour operators, and officials): “The tourism industry in Koh Samui is dying.” and “Something has to be done.” This program represents hope to many on the island that desperately needs it.
Boy searching for clams…
But talking with folks I got the sense that everyone realizes that the future is clouded by a lot of “what if’s”. They recognize that should the need arise this travel program will require some tweaks to work safely. At this moment they’re just happy that something is being done and are prepared to do what is necessary to move forward, hopefully for a brighter future for themselves and their families.
I wish them success…
I want to hear from you!
Should you decide to experience Koh Samui, Koh Phangan, or Koh Tao!
Thank you for providing this information on Koh Samui. Up to 2019 my husband and I were regular visitors for our annual holiday on Chaweng Beach Koh Samui. We shared many happy moments there with people we met and have made many friendships from people from all over the world. Our heart is very sad to see Chaweng area as it appears to today and hope one day when this Covid ends, will see many people (including us) coming to visit this beautiful island. Thank you again and our best wishes to all the peoples of the islands.
Thank you for your comment. I also hope for an end to this pandemic and a speedy recovery for this beautiful island and its welcoming people.
I doubt Samui will pick up for more than 5 years.
You have Bangkok (Rip off)Airways charging 3xs the amount than you can fly to Phuket for from Bangkok?
Where are people going to go? Phuket or Samui? Even most domestic tourist will choose Phuket over Samui. (Who wants to waste a weekend flying to Surat Thani and catching the ferry etc?)
Phuket has a massive international airport, that let multiple airlines land there. You can fly from Singapore to Phuket for 2400thb (cheaper when Jetstar and Air Asia etc resume) or Samui for 5400thb.
Bangkok Air has and will kill tourism on Samui. The Gov needs to step in and stop the monopoly.
Since they own the airport, their taxes should be a lot cheaper for flights to go there but no; they do the opposite.
I hope they go broke out of all this and have to sell the airport or another airport is built close by.
Hi Darryl,
Thank you for your comment. I agree with you that Bangkok Airways is notoriously more expensive than other carriers. Being the only show in town, they do like to press that advantage. That being said, the officials behind the Samui Plus travel program are also working with other carriers to get international flights DIRECT to Koh Samui. There has been no official announcement yet but I was told that there have been talks for flights direct from Singapore with more flights from other places in the future. Hopefully, that would give folks more options for travel that might be cheaper (unless those carriers have to pay some heavy fees to use the airport). But it’s hard to say with the lack of information now.
I have my own house, but i have to stay in a hotel. Not gonna happen. Before they fully reopen the country, nobody`s coming back to Thailand with this ridiculous restrictions. They`re super overreacting about this virus
The program may not be a good fit for every traveler, but it does work for some who want to travel to Koh Samui. At this point, some tourists are better than no tourists. That’s kind of where they are at now.
Hi Paul, my husband and I own a small resort in Samui. We are presently in Europe. Do you have any idea if coming back to Samui & after day 8 ( 1st week we stay at a Samui Extra Plus hotel) we will be allowed to stay in our resort, ( not SHA+) or we still have to stay at a SHA hotel? Even if we paid for it but wanted to stay in our place to be able to use the time to prepare our business? Thank you for your reply and thank you for the above well detailed and helpful article.
Hi Ghada,
That’s a good question. First I want to say that I’m not an expert on the program, but the guidelines state that for the last week (day 8-14) participants in the program must stay at a SHA+ Hotel. As your resort is not a SHA+ Hotel they won’t allow you to stay there (similar to folks who have houses on Koh Samui that they’d probably prefer to stay in). Now during this last week of the program, you and your husband are free to travel and do what you like within the 3 islands. There’s nothing stopping you from using that week to prepare your business. I can’t speak for how the SHA+ Hotel will be able to track whether or not you are staying in there, though. They may not care–I haven’t heard anything saying SHA+ Hotels were responsible for ensuring guests slept in their beds.
Thank you for the kind compliments about the article. I am very glad you found it helpful!
Thank you Paul great article. I love the way you have been on the ground to witness firsthand the need for tourism and learn how Samui Plus will operate. Koh Samui is a fabulous Island and this is another important step forward in difficult days. Here in Phuket, I have seen happy tourists and those using Phuket Sandbox as reentry into Thailand, right now with rising covid rates elsewhere across the Kingdom we have everything crossed that both Phuket and the Samui Plus bold initiatives can continue to build. Those hotels look fabulous and no doubt you loved the food!
Hi Jenny!
I’ve heard from one hotel that there are folks who have recently arrived that used the Phuket Sandbox scheme to then visit Koh Samui. There are now direct flights from Phuket to Koh Samui.Back in 2004, the heat was on for me and my little marketing and design studio.
In those days, I was a single mom with a 10-year-old and a 12-year-old, and I desperately needed my business to produce.
And by that, I mean produce profit. I needed money, honey — to support my family, run my household, and build my business.
I knew it was time to ramp up my efforts. My business was successful, but it was time to take it to another level.
Around that time, I started hearing about mastermind groups.
And now, when I look back, I recognize that joining a mastermind group profoundly changed my business for the better, especially because of one specific exercise these groups do.
That’s what I’m going to share today. Because earlier this month, we began doing something similar inside one of our communities at Rainmaker Digital.
Mastermind groups around every corner
You know that thing that happens when you’re interested in something and all of the sudden you start seeing mentions of it everywhere?
It’s called frequency illusion, and that’s what happened to me with mastermind groups. Everywhere I looked, I saw mentions of them.
But every mastermind group I found met in person, either early in the morning or later in the evening. And those were both times of the day when I had to be on Mom Duty. Attending a meeting outside the home wasn’t an option.
And yet, I was convinced that a mastermind group was what I needed. I knew I would benefit from the experience and viewpoints of other business owners, and it would help me position my business where it needed to be.
So, I continued to search and finally found a “virtual” mastermind group that met by phone. I applied, was accepted, and prepared myself for our first meeting.
Group therapy for my business?
I was a little nervous going into the first meeting. Was it going to be like a confessional? More like group therapy? Would I feel comfortable talking to these strangers about my business?
Every scenario I imagined had some level of discomfort baked in.
At the start of the meeting, the group leader explained that we would take turns sitting in the “hot seat” talking about our businesses.
We’d start by reporting successes — what had gone well in the past month. Then we’d move to sharing our biggest challenges — what we needed help with. The group would listen and contribute ideas to help the person in the hot seat.
Here’s where I was wrong
This is embarrassing to admit, but here’s what I thought:
“When it’s someone else’s turn, I’ll listen politely, provide the best feedback I can, and count the minutes until it’s my turn. And when it’s my turn, I’ll get a lot out of sharing my successes and challenges, and hearing the feedback from the group. The real value will come from taking my turn in the hot seat.”
I couldn’t have been more wrong.
I learned a lesson that day and relearned it every single time we met as a group.
All the different businesses that exist in the world share many common problems.
When I look back on my mastermind meetings, I got as much or more from listening to other business owners talk about their triumphs and tragedies as I did when I shared my own.
Here’s what happened:
- The mindset tips shared with the chiropractor? I was able to use them to improve my own mindset.
- The negotiation techniques offered to the professional organizer? I used those the next time I needed to negotiate something.
- The website advice that went out to the voice coach? It made me look at my own site in a new light.
The funny thing about calling your time in the spotlight a “hot seat” is that the name is only partly accurate.
Instead of feeling like you’re under interrogation, you feel like you’re being warmly embraced by a community of professionals who support and encourage your efforts.
Maybe they should be called “warm seats.” 🙂
New: Authority Business Coaching calls
Last month, we began offering Authority Business Coaching calls inside our private site for advanced content marketing training.
We’ve brought a taste of this “warm seat” style of education to Authority, and the results so far have been pretty amazing.
The main challenge our first guest brought to the session was a need to improve cash flow in his business.
Here’s what we heard from our webinar attendees:
Money is so hard! And talking about it is even harder. This conversation is great.
And this:
I absolutely relate to this conversation. This is a great session.
And from the person sitting in the hot seat? Here’s what he said after it was over:
The session reinforced my ideas about what needs to happen, but it also gave me a sense of direction and more clarity. I feel a bit overwhelmed at times, and the coaching call left me with a sense of ‘I can do this.’
As a member, I think it is a highly appealing format for a show. It helps build a sense of community, while at the same time having a chance to be informative and valuable. All of us are in different stages of growth and success, but the problems we face are very similar.
Exactly. The problems we face are very similar.
And you’ll find that you can learn a tremendous amount by listening and sharing with people who own businesses that are quite different from yours.
This article's comments are closed.Source: for the AAFS.
I have been keenly aware of the professionalism demonstrated by our AAFS membership. Whether our members are applying new technology to existing techniques or challenging the Federal Rules of Evidence, the desire to improve our profession is evident. These attributes represent our Diligence to the effort, our Dedication to handling the details, and our Devotion to the field. Therefore, the theme for AAFS 2018-19 is: Diligence, Dedication, and Devotion.
As professionals in the field of forensic science, our selected career path is calculated. This means we ensure our academic selection supports our choice of profession. For the past 14 years, this resource has existed at our fingertips. The Forensic Science Education Programs Accreditation Commission (FEPAC) was established as an official committee of the AAFS in 2004. Academic institutions listed on the FEPAC website () have achieved FEPAC accreditation, thereby demonstrating their compliance with the FEPAC educational standards—an excellent resource for determining the best fit for educational programs. Following our choice of education, we discern which mentorship program will further support our career. A difficult action can become manageable through the numerous opportunities at the AAFS annual meeting. Following mentorship, our knowledge is broadened by the accumulation of personal experience from years on the job. Consider personal experience as professional maturity, something that cannot always be learned through teaching or publications; it develops from time on the job. These steps show our actions are not the result of a single effort, but an accumulation of the totality of the effort. We are diligent in academic stability, established medical processes, and understanding judicial requirements.
As professionals in the field of forensic science, we are by nature inquisitive. We look at something such as an image of a crime scene, an item on the examination table, or a written confession, and ask ourselves, what is out of place? Does the offered theory work with the offered information? Our mind flips to autopilot and we start focusing on the details. Whether we professionally consider ourselves an academic, engineer, physician, scientist, or attorney, we understand that each case or each job requires detailed examination of every aspect–not just a cursory look, but intense scrutiny. Often, we find the one piece that contains the crucial information or the deciding factor in the case. We do not walk away from the task because it is difficult, or because it is mundane. To us the task is the challenge. This is our time to bring forth those tough issues, the formidable cases, to stand up and show our dedication to finding the details that made the difference.
We are fiercely committed to the essence of the criminal justice process. It is our unwavering devotion to the continued exploration into methods, technology, materials, and legislation that ensures advancement of the profession. This is our opportunity to promote our actions (research, new technology, legal interpretation) that will continue the advancement of the profession.
I believe we tend to undervalue our daily achievements, categorizing them as typical and average. This could be a factor of our diligence, dedication, and devotion. We tend to accept phenomenal achievements because that is what we do. For example, consider that each report, detailing test, examination, or evaluation results has information that may influence so many lives. Yet we mark a case as complete and move onto the next because there is always another case waiting to be reviewed or examined. Therefore, I ask you to stop, take a breath, and look at your cases, your research, your explorations, and to consider their importance to the field. Whether you teach, litigate, examine, research, or investigate, your accomplishments are amazing and should be shared. I insist that each of us stands up and takes that well-deserved bow, then consider showcasing those cases, research, and training at the 2019 AAFS annual meeting in Baltimore, MD.
Our profession is strong and will increase in strength and prestige because of everyone’s Diligence, Dedication, and Devotion.Ellicottville Mow Master
American Pale Ale · 5.0% ABV · ~160 6 Pack Bottles · 12oz 24 Pack Bottles
Make sure your business is on this list.
Beer Description
Mow Master Ultra Pale Ale uses Belgian Cara malts and an array of aromatic American hops to create a one-of-a-kind citrusy warm weather Pale that is light on body and bitterness—but big on flavor and aroma.
The print menu customers want.
Sell more beer: print menus designed to help your customers choose beers.Learn moreAnd now for something completely different.
I have never reviewed a cookbook before. Sure, I’ve reviewed books about cooking, but never, ever an actual honest-to-God cookbook. Mostly, this is because I’m traditionally not a chef. Just so we understand each other, I’ll give you some background, then we’ll talk about my experiences with Chef Alex. My mother (a full-blooded Italian woman) is an incredible cook, but I was an extremely picky eater as a child. Like, ridiculously picky. Won’t eat anything green picky.* Will pick apart an entire pizza to remove any trace of onion picky. Given the ultimatum of finishing my dinner or spending the rest of the evening in my room I
would nod, admit “that’s fair,” and head off to my bedroom. Whenever my mother or my grandmother got exasperated by my refusal to eat their ridiculously delicious Italian meals they would promise me that someday, some glorious day, I would not only love their food but I would ask for it by name. I rolled my eyes, but it turned out they were right. My palate expanded as my teen years ended. It was a complete shock to me, but it was also gratifying. The world is an awfully limited place when all you will eat is hamburgers or pasta with butter (no sauce, thanks).
Then, three and a half years ago, I met my soon-to-be husband, Joel. Right now he works for a company that does medical software development, but his passion has always been cooking. He worked as a pastry chef when we met. From him, I have learned some important lessons about food. Mainly, that cooking is an act of love. It comes from the heart. People who work in the food industry don’t do it because of the money, they do it because it’s their passion. They are (literally) nourishing you, but also offering you a piece of themselves with every meal. My respect for people in the culinary field has grown immeasurably.
Why am I telling you all this? Because it gets to the heart of Chef Alex Guarnaschelli and her new cookbook, Old-School Comfort Food. It’s a cookbook, yes, but it’s also the heartfelt story of how she grew up with a love of food and inevitably came to work in the restaurant world. The personal stories are both amusing and endearing. Her mother, a cookbook editor, frequently tried out recipes from her books at home to make sure they worked. Once, a young Alex was mortified to open her lunch bag at school to discover the ingredients for an elaborate meatball sandwich instead of the peanut butter sandwiches that surrounded her. When questioned about this, her mother pointed out that if she had put the sandwich together it would have gotten soggy and wouldn’t have tasted right.
I made this. For real.
Then there’s the food itself. Joel and I already loved Chef Alex’s food, having scoped out her restaurant, Butter, to see if she could live up to the criticism she doles out on Chopped. We loved it. We’ve been back twice (once for my birthday dinner), and it is consistently fantastic. Could she be as successful in cookbook format?
Some readers may be put off by the title–I suspect most people associate comfort food with mac and cheese–but there are delights to be found. I set a rule for myself that I can’t review a cookbook unless I tried out one of the recipes, so one Friday I set about making Chef Alex’s cornbread for Joel. To be honest, I was terrified, but this seemed like a safe place to start. It was surprisingly easy! The cornbread came out perfectly, not to mention that is was scrumptious. I had no problem following the instructions, either. Consider that I am a complete amateur when it comes to following recipes; clearly, this book passes the ease-of-use recipe test with flying colors.
Next, Joel and I made an entire dinner based around two of her recipes: pea salad with tarragon and the roasted “bistro” leg of lamb with crispy rosemary. They were both delicious. The salad was refreshing and light. The lamb was tasty as hell. Clearly, this is a cookbook you can work your way through (eating well the entire way). We can’t wait to try her crispy squid with chili flakes and the Quickie strawberry tartlets.
The book itself is nicely laid out. I guess that’s no surprise coming from a chef whose mother was a cookbook editor. The photographs are appetizing and the inclusion of hand-written notes and restaurant comment cards (one from Gloria Steinem!) is a nice personal touch. There are also personal photographs that deepen the “The Way I Learned to Cook” aspect of the story.
Lastly, there’s the chef herself. Her reputation alone is impressive (she’s an Iron Chef, for crying out loud), but we had the privilege of meeting Chef Alex during a book signing at Fish’s Eddy last month. She was so sweet! We gushed about Butter and how we’ve been there three times. She humbly told us about the excellent staff she has there. “I don’t even worry about the place,” she said. Most people would have gobbled up the credit for the excellent dining experience we had. When we were leaving she stopped us to say “Listen, I want to thank you because when you come to Butter you’re supporting an amazing family of people.” What’s incredible here is that she wasn’t talking about herself, as she explained. She was talking about the cooks, the busboys, the waiters–everyone who works at the restaurant. This perfectly mimics what Joel has told me about working in a restaurant: your coworkers are your family. You work long, unforgiving hours, so you develop close relationships with the team around you. You rely on each other to work as a cohesive unit. Everyone even eats together (and they call it a “family meal”). It’s so nice to see a celebrity chef respect and celebrate that dynamic.
Humble. Talented. Good food. You can quibble all you want about the definition of comfort food, but to me this more than fits the bill.
Grade: B+
* Granny Smith apples were the only exception to the nothing green rule. Seriously, even putting parsley on pasta could ruin my night when I was a child.Family of Nia Wilson files wrongful death claim against BART
Jonathan Davis, Arns Law Firm/Courtesy
The claim alleges that these initiatives demonstrate BART’s acknowledgement of the link between fare evasion and violent crime and that BART could have taken measures to prevent suspect John Cowell from allegedly entering the platform.
Read More…By Chris White
Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton apologized Monday for saying in March that she would put coal mines “out of business” after being confronted by a former West Virginia coal miner.
The former secretary of state called the comments a “misstatement” during her coal country campaign ahead of Kentucky’s May 17 Democratic primary election. Clinton is making stops in West Virginia, Kentucky, and Ohio to pitch her plan for making coal states green energy states.
.”
Clinton argued in March that she had a plan to put laid off coal miners back to work by turning coal-dependent states into renewable energy-dependent ones.
“I’m the only candidate which has a policy about how to bring economic opportunity using clean renewable energy as the key into coal country. Because we’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business,” she said during a CNN forum.
Clinton added: “And we’re going to make it clear that we don’t want to forget those people. Those people labored in those mines for generations, losing their health, often losing their lives to turn on our lights and power our factories.”
Clinton’s apology came only after a former West Virginia coal worker confronted her over her March comments.
,” Bo Copley, a 39-year-old father who lost his job in the coal industry, told Clinton.
She personally apologized to Copley, but told the former coal worker that her statements were taken out of context.
Still, she went on to tell reporters on Monday that she feels bad that her comments were not taken as she intended.
.”
Follow Chris on Facebook and TwitterProperty Attributes
- MLS#1779823
- TypePending
- CountyRICH
- CityGarden City
- AreaGarden Cty
- NeighborhoodBEAR LAKE ESCAPE
- Zip84028
- StyleTownhouse; Row-end
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 1
- Price$ 409,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1797
- Lot Size871 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Recreation Realty
Data Source:
Wasatch Front Regional MLS (WFRMLS) - 183 - UT
Property Description
Located in the heart of Garden City in beautiful Bear Lake! Walking distance to shops, restaurants, bike path, city swimming pool, pickleball courts, parks and library. Approx. 15 minutes to Beaver Mtn. Ski Resort. Kitchen features granite counter tops and an island that opens into the great room. Short term rentals allowed. Buy now and be ready to enjoy the summer!! Enjoy Bear Lake year round!Enter a zip code and get matched to businesses near you.
Professional and reliable home remodeling services, Serving the Seacoast and Southern New Hampshire for the past 20 years. Our remodeling expertise can help you realize the dreams of your home or investment property and make them a reality..
35+ years in the construction business. We offer full roof replacements, specializing in Asphalt Shingle. We look forward to serving you!
02/20/2013
Description of Work
Had new vinyl siding done on entire house
Category siding,home builders,basement remodeling
N/ATourists Posing With 9/11 Memorial on TikTok: ‘Sitting on Their Names Draws the Line’
People are outraged after a TikTok video of people posing for photos at the 9/11 Memorial in New York City went viral. One of the characters in the video sat atop the memorial and smiled for the camera.
Since it was posted late last month, the video by @backpackflipflops has received over 1.6 million views and 1,800 comments.
The footage was shared by Joanne Hendrickson, a New York-based travel blogger, who called out the people she spotted posing gleefully in front of the memorial, which was built to remember the 2,977 people murdered in the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.
The video’s description said, “I recently watched on @influencersinthewild about photographs at the Holocaust Memorial, and it reminded me of these idiots at the 9/11 Memorial.”
The video begins with a man posing with a thumbs-up while seated on one of the enormous square pools where a tower formerly stood and balancing on his foot.
The video then cut to a woman adjusting her camera to obtain the perfect shot of a man looking up at the ruins of once-great towers. A woman was also caught on camera posing while a man used a selfie stick to take shots of her.
Hendrickson said in the comments that they were all chased away from the memorial “within seconds.”
“However, it is all too common, and it is so disrespectful to individuals who are attempting to give respect,” she added.
Hendrickson told The Washington Newsday that she has seen this type of behavior at the memorial on several occasions.
“I go down to the memorial 1-2 days a month to video names for family who are unable to visit their relative’s names [because to distance or emotional reasons]and ask me to film it for them,” she added. “There will be several people doing things like this every time I go there.” She said the worst thing she’s ever seen was a man sitting on top of the names in the video, but she’s seen parents putting their children up on the memorial all the time.
“Most of the time, however, it’s people taking ‘Instagramable images’ from the area, such as staged shots or happy selfies,” she explained. “I’d say every time I go to the memorial, I see at least ten individuals snapping these kinds of images within a minute.” This is a condensed version of the information.You have technical problem?
Our service department will solve it!
The service co-operation with P&P CITO – INSTITUTIONS OF MEDICAL TECHNIQUE thats the guarantee, that for Your medical equipment respond the best trained staff specialized in service of medical equipment. The distant centres covers with their range 100% surface of Poland. Our service of medical equipment maintain the terrains of Czech Republic, Slovakia and Germany.
We provide following services:
Warranty service and after-guarantee
- Repair of medical equipments
- Technical inspections
- Assembly, disassembly and modernization of equipment
- Opinion and publication of technical judgements;
- Advising of purchase of equipment;
- The training of medical device support services;
- The pricing of equipment;
- Set technical passports
Authorized service of medical equipment
Our service centre possesses the authorization of leading manufacturers to exercise of technical inspections also guarantee and after-guarantee repairs of medical equipments. Testified through our firm services characterize with top quality warranted by internal audyty according to system of quality inspectionP&PC, as and the competitiveness thanks to maintenance the status ofindependent centre of medical technique.
Thanks toplentiful, experienced service group we are able to take care of mostly every technical equipment. We offer our customers choice between original accessories and moduluss.
Thanks to authorization our services, we are valued by manufacturers of medical equipment, which let You the certainty of unfailing service. Got through our firm certificates confirm our qualifications, which testifies this that we are prepared to technical reviews and repairs of medical equipment. We particularly recommend inclusion with us a contract on regular protection of technical apparatuses. With such contract You receive the same right how during guarantee of medical equipment or an additionally rights extended, specified in the contract about regular technical protection.
We provide following services:
Warranty service and after-guarantee;
- Assembly, disassembly and modernization of equipment
- Opinion and publication of technical judgements;
- Advising of purchase of equipment;
- The training of medical device support services;
- The pricing of equipment;
- Set technical passports
We serve following sections:
- physiotherapy,
- dentistry,
- cardiology,
- gynaecology and obstetrics,
- sterilisation,
- optician,
- laryngology,
- surgery,
- Aesthetics and dermatology
- Veterinary medicine
- and studios medical squads.
What are we repairing?
- equipment to cardiological diagnostics
- equipment to investigations of action of respiratory system
- spirometers
- cardiological equipment
- equipment of ECG
- 24h ECG and pressure monitors
- the equipment to troubleshooting of fetus UDT
- Fetal monitors (cardiotokographs)
- monitoring life actions equipment (monitors)
- defibrillators and stimulators
- incubators
- infusion pump
- laryngoscopes
- inhalers
- equipments to check preassure (manometers)
- lamp to photo-cured
- piezoelectric scalers
- compressors
- dentist’s units
- cripplehood beds
- anti-pressure sore mattresses
- tables and couch to massage
- bathtub and balneological equipment
- electrostimulators
- device to magnetoteraphy
- device to supersonic therapy
- biostimulantic lasers
- device to photo-therapy (lamp sollux, Bioptron)
- different physiotherapeutical equipment
- incubators
- microscopes
- shakers
- centrifuge
- sterilisers and autoclaves
- different laboratory equipment
- microscopes
- oculistic equipment
- view-finders
- source of light
- autoclaves and sterilisers
- distillers and redestylatory
- washs and washers
- welder to packets
Our service includes among other things :
3M, Abbott, Accoson AC, Cossor & Son, Accuro-Sumer, ADC, ADE, Air-O-Swiss, Akme, Alba Thyment, ALOKA, Alu-Rehab Poland Sp. z o.o., AM.BI Srl, Angelcare, ANI BUT, Apolonia, Arkray, ASPEL, Astar, Axelgaard Manufacturing. Co., Basic Medica, Baurer, BEIJING M&B ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS CO.,LTD, Beurer, BIOMAK, BioMedical Life Systems, BOSO BOSH+SOHN, BOXmet, Braun, BTL, Carci, Cefarm, Charder, CHATTANOOGA, CHISON MEDICAL IMAGING CO.,LTD, CIR Systems, Inc., Clement Clarke Int. (CCI), Coloplast, CompAir, Contec, CTL, Cumberland Swan, DefibTech, DILOS, Donegal, ECOLAB, Ecomed, EiE Otwock, EKAPLAST, EDAN, Eldan, ELITE, Emed, ERHEM, ERKA, EVERYWAY MEDICAL, Falcon, FARUM, FASHY, Flaem, Flos, Foshan, GE, Geratherm, Glovex, GNATUS, Grawena, Grotex, Habys, Hadeco, Hartmann, Heine, Helbig, Homedics, Hugidea, HUR, Hydrotex, INCO, Intec, Interacoustics, Iron Duck, JIANGSU NEW ERA INDUSTRIAL & TRADE CORP., Juventas, KAPS Sp. z o.o. , Kart-Map, KaWe, KOLMIO Kiełkowscy, KX, KZWM Ogniochron, Laerdal Medical AS, Lanaform, LC Technology, LECKEY, Lifeline, LimexTim, LITE Cami, Livemarque, Luxo, M4 Medical, Magic Care, MAICO, MARBO, MARP Electronic, MARP Medical Electronics Ltd, Mebby, Med & Life Sp. z o.o. , Medel, Medi Smart , MEDBUT, Medica Vera, MEDICAL, Medisana, MEDITECH, Medline, Med-Plast S.C., MedSet, MEMO, Mescomp, METITUR OY, Metrum Cryoflex, Microlife, MINDREY, MIR, Mitsubishi, Monlain, MSI Germany, NAiS, Neox, New Waseem, NISSEI, OMRON, Oppo Medical, OPPO MEDICAL INC., OPTEC, OPTI, Optimum, Ossur, O-Two Medical Technologies Inc, P&P CITO, Panasonic, PARI Respiratory Equipment, Part-Med, PEM, Perlong Medical Equipment Co., Ltd., PHILIPS, PRECOR, Prestan, Prim SA, Primedic, RAJ, Reebok, Risng medical equipment co.,ltd, Sanitplast, Sanity, Sapczech, Saringer, Scholl, SECA, SEIVA, ShangHai AoMin Industrial Co.,Ltd, Sibelmed, SOFINEGROUP CO.,LTD., SOHO, Solac, Spengler, SPINA MEDICAL AB, Spirit, SpofaDental, TAIXING RUISHENG CO.,LTD, Tech-Med Sp.J, Technomex, Tenscare Ltd., tic Medizintechnik, Tokuyama Dental, Tuscany Leather, Tytan Medical Corp., UEBE GmbH, ULTRAVIOL, VERA, WATERJEL, Weinmann, WELCH, WKEA MED SUPPLIES CORP, YAVIT, ZALIMP, Zhermack, ZIMMER400-618-3066
Faith and Dream: Tan Xuguang's Greatest Motivation2019.11.04
On November 3, the 3rd China Enterprise Reform and Development Forum officially opened, attracting more than 1,400 entrepreneur representatives, experts and scholars from Chinese government state-owned enterprises, local government state-owned enterprises and private enterprises. Tan Xuguang, secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of Shandong Heavy Industry Group, was invited to participate in the main forum and give a keynote speech.
On how to achieve the high-quality development of state-owned enterprises through focusing on the main business, Tan Xuguang attributed his more than 20 years of experience in managing enterprises to “three must do”, “three do not do” and “three strive to create first-class”, namely: unswervingly promote market-oriented reforms, unswervingly “going overseas”, unswervingly achieving high-quality development; never get into non-main business, never get into low value-added business, and never get into repetitive scale expansion; strive to be the first in products and technology , human resources, and cultural soft power.
"State-owned enterprise platform + market mechanism + international vision" are the successful experience of Weichai; "Institutional transparency + effective supervision + fairness operation + same requirement from top to down + culture led" are Tan Xuguang's way of managing enterprises; "Belief + dream" are the strong engine power inside of Tan Xuguang's blood running fast.
At the forum, Tan Xuguang said with deep affection: The people of Weifang raised us, the people of Shandong made me, and Shandong gave me an infinite platform. My dream is to surpass the best opponents in the world and be a century-old brand. I hope that when I’m 85, we will see Weichai become a world-class enterprise. This is the determination I will never regret.
In the afternoon, in the parallel forum with the theme of “focusing on the main business and striving to be the main force for high-quality development”, Tan Xuguang and well-known scholars and entrepreneurs re-examined in-depth discussions on topics such as state-owned enterprise reform and high-quality development.Prediction Dziugas Telsiai - Spyris Kaunas
Dziugas Telsiai VS Spyris Kaunas
Lithuania A Lyga
Date match: 11/06/2021 Saturday
Lithuania A Lyga
Date match: 11/06/2021 Saturday
On this page you will find all our predictions on football match Dziugas Telsiai-Spyris Kaunas, match of the championship Lithuania A Lyga. Even stats, standings, news and information on the football league Lithuania A Lyga and on teams Dziugas Telsiai!Jim Lanzone, who is right now the CEO of dating application Tinder, is coming to lead the organization.
Renate Nyborg, who had driven Tinder’s business in EMEA, is Tinder’s CEO. Master Gowrappan, who had driven the division for a long time under Verizon, leaves and turns into Apollo’s “consultant.”
There had been gossipy tidbits about an enormous difference in watches a long time before the Apollo deal shut, which sources said was actually on point, so this shouldn’t come as a major amazement.
Apollo finishes its $ 5 billion securing of Verizon Media, presently known as Yahoo Lanzone’s residency at Tinder, for only 14 months. Before that, he went through years driving CBS Interactive in jobs like media, and computerized media specifically, remembering smoking for setting up advanced media new businesses, for example, this web-based video guide distributed on TechCrunch Disrupt a long while back (gained by Clicker CBS, so he at last came to lead CBS Interactive).
Preceding that, he worked at the IAC, which initially brooded and dispatched Tinder. “Jim has critical involvement with driving and developing creative organizations in his field and we are satisfied to invite him.
With his experience and demonstrated initiative abilities, we are certain that Jim is the right chief to direct Yahoo into another period of progress that can use the best provisions of Yahoo’s foundation and execution to arrive at new statures, “said Reed Rayman, Yahoo President and Apollo Partner. assessment. “We might likewise want to say thanks to Guru for his critical commitment to the organization, which has conveyed a message after three successive quarters of twofold digit development.
We anticipate working with him on his new job as Apollo’s consultant.” Nyborg is youthful she’s my companion – who incorporates Headspace time, works at Apple on different tasks and engineer connections, constructs her own new businesses, and more.Her association with Tinder is proficient and individual. “I cleaned straightforwardly on my significant other and it transformed me,” he said in an assertion.
“Being the CEO of this organization is a really unassuming and remarkable chance to get this going for the up and coming age of singles all throughout the planet. The Tinder group is – without a doubt – the most creative and rousing gathering I have worked at any point ever with. We construct the best time, drawing in and safe the primary spot to associate singles. Also, you can see this improvement in our application.
We construct innovation and increase current standards in the business alongside it. “The two major changes leave a ton of question marks noticeable all around for the two organizations. Concerning Yahoo, many can’t help thinking about how and if Apollo designs a more extended term work to keep on driving the association overall, or regardless of whether it will be sold in parts, as is at times the situation with capital structures.
The Lanzone assignment implies that there could be a more extensive perspective on incorporating a business into a more beneficial business as it faces the media and content. Or possibly fix it to make it more alluring to other advanced media gatherings.
For Tinder, naming an individual for top work is a huge advance that gives the application a more compassionate take care of long stretches of contention and one of its organizers, Whitney Wolfe-Herd, who in the end left and fabricated Bumblen — a more lady well disposed dating application — takes Tinder’s head.No Permission (feat. Chevy Woods)
Wiz Khalifa, Chevy Woods
No Master Track Available
No License Available
Do you want to remix this song?
We are working with labels and artists to expand our catalogue. Sign up today to get notified when No Permission (feat. Chevy Woods) is on SKIO.Request to Remix
About this Song
Get instrumental stems and vocal acapella to remix No Permission (feat. Chevy Woods) by Wiz Khalifa.
This remix stem pack for No Permission (feat. Chevy Woods)What a great Workshop we had this month with Estrella, painting Sunsets In The Topics. Estrella said that the idea for these tiles was that they could be used as Placemats. An interesting idea.
Estrella had painted several different designs of Tropical Sunset Scenes for us as well as 2 tiles with Thistle type flowers, which shows that the method can be used for many different subjects.
Again, Estrella has shown us how to incorporate different techniques into a One Fire approach. This was really a lot of fun, and she makes it look very easy, which is a sign of a good teacher.
We began our tiles using paints mixed with Water Based Medium, and once applied, and dried, you could then paint over this with the Black paint which was mixed with Oil. A very interesting idea. It was really terrific to see so many people having a go and painting in this style. The notes that Estrella prepared were very extensive, with lots of pictures of sunsets and different palm trees and ideas and also the different border ideas and instructions provided were brilliant. I know that I used a “little too much water in the brush, making mine a bit more like a water colour painting, so I will need another firing in the background. But that’s ok too. Estrella had definitely put in considerable time and effort to provide everyone with all this information. And details. Thanks Estrella, for another brilliant workshop.
And also, I was the lucky door prize winner as well, just to finish off a brilliant day. Here are some great photos taken on the day.
Cheers DeniseCreating a beautiful home or grand commercial building comes down to attending to the details. Sometimes, the details not seen, can make the difference. When it comes to dealing with architectural glass structures, you are often attempting to catch a special view or ethereal effect -- you do not want to see unsightly fasteners, or be limited by low-level materials, finishes, or standardized catalog production sizing.
Our Sun Structures Division can help you create a classic glazed structure that is the perfect blend of design and function, for your residential, commercial or institutional project.
We serve architects and luxury builders in the Detroit Metro Area as a source of high performance glazed structures and accessories. For over twenty years, we have helped take your vision of a wonderful sunspace from concept to the final objective of smiling customers and proud gallery photos. Whether you need products for your own installation, or prefer a turn-key solution, we can fulfill your need.
IGU recommendations
Layout recommendations
Upgrade existing sunspace or fenestration
PE stamp
Performance standards
Integration with existing structure
Product sourcing
Installation
Warranty/Service
Energy and Atmosphere
Materials and Resources
Indoor Environmental Quality
Innovation and Design ProcessBarcelona announce Koeman new club manager
The Catalan club announced the sack of former coach, Quique Satien on Monday following the humiliating 8-2 loss to Bayern in the UEFA Champions league quarterfinal last week.
The loss has prompted massive changes in managerial and board room positions at the club, hence the appointment of Koeman as the new club coach and manager.
The Dutchman has left his post in charge of the Netherlands national team to takeover the Camp Nou hot seat. His contract will last till 2022.
Barca on Wednesday August 19, released an official statement on their website confirming the news, which reads:
"FC Barcelona and Ronald Koeman have reached an agreement for the Dutchman to take over as first-team coach until 30 June 2022"
 reacting on Wednesday to his appointment said;
“It was an honor to be the national coach of the Netherlands," said 57-year-old. Ron is the Founding Partner of Venture Kinetics, an impact venture capital that invest exclusively in technology-led companies that address gaps in the delivery of primary products and services previously excluded population. For the past 15 years, Ron became a veteran principal investor and entrepreneur working at the intersection of innovation, blended capital, and impact. Ron and his work had received awards and recognitions from the Financial Times, World Bank, UK Department For International Development, Ashden Awards and Secretary of State John Kerry among others. Ron was selected as a Rising Star Investor at the SuperReturn Series and was awarded permanent residency by the US State Department for his “extraordinary abilities in the field of impact investing”. His commentary on investing-related issues in the impact technologies sector has appeared in outlets such as Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, and the African Development Bank.
In his previous capacities, Ron served the first appointed economic representative to the Board of the World Bank Group by the Government of Israel, an advisor on innovative financing to global 500 companies and a mentor to Israeli-Palestinian startups. Ron also serves on the Board of Advisors of Tel Aviv University Global Grand Challenge Innovation.
Ron received Executive Education at Harvard Business School focused on strategy in emerging markets. He earned his MBA from Georgetown University and his bachelor’s degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Partial Shade Wildflower Seed Mix is a colorful, varied mix of 26 annual and perennial wildflowers. A complementary color palette of pinks, reds, blues, and golds will brighten up an...Learn MorePartial Shade Wildflower Seed Mix Partial Shade Wildflower Seed MixAs low as $10.95Per 1/4 PoundPartial and neonicotinoid-free seeds, and.
Casio is a leading Tokyo-based name in the world of watches. Their watches span from the classic Casio model to the advanced technology of G-Shock and the glamour of Casio Sheen. With water resistance, average speed display, stunning compass watches and so much more, Casio watches are designed to work for you whatever adventure life takes you on.Businesses
Manufacturers
Distributors
Focusing on time and devotion on matters that will help develop our distribution clients businesses by identifying opportunities and navigating change successfully.
Retailers
Credit Unions and Cooperatives
Hoteliers and Restaurants
Security and service providers
Trending Insights
Making sense of your Property Plant and Equipment
Many businesses especially SMEs are constantly faced with the dilemma of determining the real cost of an item of Property, Plant, or Equipment (PPE). Is it simply the price paid to acquire the particular item or is there more to it? Before we attempt to answer these questions, we must first appreciate what is PPEs.
WJ Accounting & Business is A ICATT Registered Firm
We are here celebrating the achievement of WJ Accounting & Business Services for being accepted into the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Trinidad and Tobago …
Managing Uncertainty
As mentioned in our previous blog “Changing from the Ordinary” COVID-19 has thought us that organizations need to up their survival game.
This is a crucial business and leadership skill where businesses enforce that they can navigate through uncertainty.Redefining Automotive Retailing in Australia
HGH Auto Group have a new innovative way of doing business which enhances the traditional dealership offering.
Through its portfolio of physical dealerships and digital brands, its auto finance arm, a pool of 1,500 vehicles and a turnover of more than $45 million, HG Auto Group is capitalizing on market changes and is progressing in its mission to reinvent car usage.For this week’s edition of Flashback Friday, we’re featuring No Doubt’s full live set in Las Vegas, Nevada for the iHeartRadio Music Festival back on September 21, 2012.
No Doubt headlined the opening night of the festival held at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino where they debuted their second single from Push and Shove, “Looking Hot”, live for the first time. Fans may also remember the now iconic collaboration and guest appearance from P!nk for “Just a Girl” which closed the show. The show was streamed live worldwide live for all No Doubters to enjoy (with select performances which aired at a later date on TV), so thankfully we have the full set in super high quality! I remember waiting (with so many other fans!) for the show to kick off. The anticipation was getting the best out of all of us and No Doubt delivered a stellar performance!
I have also ripped the high quality audio which can be downloaded from the site here. Enjoy!
“Hella Good”
“Spiderwebs”
“It’s My Life”
“Looking Hot”
“Don’t Speak”
“Just a Girl” featuring P!nk
4 Replies to “Flashback Friday: iHeartRadio Music Festival; Audio Download”
That bit of “Hella Good” where Gwen and Tony walk towards each other like robots (around the four minute mark)…. when did that start? I feel like I remember it from something else. Did they do that live before?
They’ve been doing variations of it since the Rock Steady tour in 2002. Most prominantly people might remember it from the summer 2009 tour.
Not Gwen’s best vocal performance of Hella Good… I wish Pink and Gwen would collaborate! I love it when Pink shouts out, “but she’s the raddest girl in the world!” 🙂
“Looking Hot” was a rough vocal, but I liked the rest of the performance. Pink coming out during JAG was a cute surprise..
Celebrating Celebrating Jon Lord left a precious mark – including Deep Purple’s 55 minute finale, the DP Mk III songs played by Paice with Glenn Hughes and Bruce Dickinson including Burn.
.
Celebrating Jon Lord to be released as 2DVD, Blu-Ray, 1CD “The Composer”, 2CD “The Rocker” and Boxset by earMUSIC on September 26 2014. Pre-release orders of Celebrating Jon Lord to be taken shortly. Watch this space.
Read more:
How we celebrated Jon Lord – full setlist and artist credits.
Nigel Hopkins remembers RAH: Humbling and very emotional.
2007 Sunflower Jam report: Jon Lord played for the first time again with Deep Purple.
2011 Sunflower Jam report: Jon Lord’s outstanding performances with Joe Bonamassa and Rick Wakeman and his solo set.
14 thoughts on “Celebrating Jon Lord out on September 26”
Really looking forward to this.
But the premier of the Concerto was on the 24th September 1969, making it the 45th anniversary.
I think it marks the 45th birthday of the concerto, since it was 1969.
Can this be pre-ordered? I couldn’t attend the show, but this is a must-have item for me.
We will add pre-order links as soon ad possible.
You’re right! 😦
Robert already mentioned this. Thanks!
Yes! 🙂
I was there!!!!!
I can´t wait to see it on Blu-ray !!!
Great night – looking forward to this, although I was too close to a camera for comfort – I hope I don’t look too gormless!
Hooray!
Can you confirm the contents of the box set. Amazon.de says 3CDs and 1 BD, but says there are 5 disks. Amazon.uk says 5 disks and nothing else…
We are working on this. Thanks.
Great news but: Why no vinyl?
Good question. Let’s find out! 🙂ANALYSISOF “LOOKING BACKWARD" BY EDWARD BELLAMY AND ROOSEVELT’S “THESTRENUOUS LIFE" SPEECH
Thebook “Looking Backward" by Edward Bellamy and Roosevelt’s“The Strenuous Life" speech are among the greatest works thathave been encountered in the history of the United States. They wereboth written at the end of the nineteenth century and thuscommunicate the challenges that were encountered by the people of thetime1.They all communicate and petition the need to overcome societychallenges by imitating a sustainable, inclusive and imperativechange. Addressed in the form of an appeal, they are convincing andhad remarkable consequences to the society of that time and continueto influence the activities of the contemporary society2.Bellamy used fictional narrative to envision a perfect, faultless andseamless human society while Roosevelt crafted his speech tochallenge the community to not only learn from the past but embracechanges and coordinately consolidate the gains. Moreover, Rooseveltpostulated that overcoming hardship through strenuous effort was andideal that every American should embrace3.This study seeks to present a strong historical argument relating tothe book and the speech and their attempt to respond and sensitizethe society of the need to address the challenges of the time.
Discussion
Thebook “Looking Backward” entails an outstanding work of EdwardBellamy that was published in the year 1888 that attempted todescribe an impeccable and flawless human society4.He covered his envisioned ideas about a revolutionary social reformbecause he was aware that people of his time were opposed to ideassuch as economic changes, socialism, variations in the ways ofmanaging human capital and political movements5.Bellamy sought to convince people to not only seek but embrace theidea that, it was possible to have a perfect society where real humanvalues were enhanced. He proposed that although radical changes werenecessary, issues such as marriage were to remain as perfectinstitutions while respect for gender roles was to be embraced6.Moreover, government institutions were to remain intact, robust andappreciated because Bellamy did not embrace anarchism or socialismsociety. While he proposed that individual freedom was to be promotedand enhanced, he also proposed that the rights of the workers were tobe valued and recognized. At the same time, consumers were to havethe right to make their individuals choices based on the availableproducts and careers at their disposal7.
Accordingto Bellamy’s envisioned society, the capital was owned by thepeople thus making such a society flexible, self-sustaining and opento equal opportunities. He used his imagined character referred to asJulian West to represent the society of the nineteenth century, acharacter that his audience would quickly identify. Correspondingly,Bellamy used Doctor Leete to articulate and air his concept of socialreform where Leete’s relationship with Julian reflected hispredetermined relationship with his audience8.The society of the nineteenth century was based on an industrialsystem where capital was privately owned and was seen by the peopleas the most efficient system of accumulating wealth. The reason isthat goods were produced in masses, they were cheap, and thus thepeople saw it as an effective means of raising their standard ofliving9.Nevertheless, the wealth was not equally distributed because capitalwas owned by few people mostly privileged society. Consequently,Bellamy’s argument was the fact that capital and hence wealthshould be owned by the people which were the only way thatindividuals would be able to realize the aspiration of the societythat they would want10.The further argued that this perfect society will overcome thenumerous nineteenth-century challenges such as strikes, periodicgluts, business failures and shortages.
Besides,the ideal society will be so efficient that nobody will be unemployedand thus people would earn good pay and better their life11.Bellamy knew that, although many people were sensitive about theissues of unequal distribution of wealth, they were desperate and hadno option of challenging the system. Bellamy shaped his work toappear as an appeal to the society to avoid endangering the peoplewho would be subjected to tyranny and alienation should they put hisconviction to action. Accordingly, he attributed the cause of thisfailure to societal ignorance whose only solution was too logicalengagement and dialogue to help solve the issue of inequality12.Bellamy’s work was a great success because the book became one ofthe most sought after narrative and among the most widely read at thetime. It was also influential to other great social, political andeconomic writers such as William White and John Dewey among others.
Thespeech “The strenuous life” was one of the greatest speeches thathave been given by Roosevelt in Chicago in 189913.In his speech, Roosevelt argued that overcoming hardship throughstrenuous effort was and ideal that every American should embrace. Heargued that embracing this initiative will position American to itsepitome of greatness and place it as a progressive nation of the thenupcoming twentieth century14.At the beginning of his speech, Roosevelt men drew his attention tothe people by referring them to great men of the west for producingGrant and Lincoln men who shaped the inherent character of servinghumanity and valuing people embraced by the American people. Heasserted that he was intended to give a discourse to the doctrine ofdetermined and persistent effort that individuals had to toil, strifeand labor if they were to succeed in the mission of strengthening andrepositioning the United States to its original glory and greatness15.He was opposed to the doctrine of dishonorable, despicable andeffortlessness comfort that individual could just stay and acceptthings as they were. Further, he emphasized that citizens of thecountry had earned freedom through struggle, courage, and bravery andthus were supposed to not only desire but work for peace. Theachievements that people had already accomplished were to convincethem not to seat back and shrink in fear that taking action wouldtrigger dangerous consequences16.He postulated that it is from bitter toil that hardships would beovercome and through effort people would conquer they challenges.Roosevelt speech assured his audience that it is through suchstruggle and efforts that they will acquire impressive definitivetriumph.
Both“Looking Backward” by Edward Bellamy and Roosevelt’s “TheStrenuous Life” work were issued at the same period. “LookingBackward” was published in the year 1888 while “The StrenuousLife” was given in 1899 and thus they all came at the time when theUnited States was undergoing challenges in unequal distribution ofwealth, stable society and challenges in the management of humancapital17.According to Bellamy and Roosevelt people could not watch suchsocietal problems without taking necessary action to address thesechallenges. Bellamy asserted that perfect society was achievablethrough embracing changes such as valuing workers, maintainingcapital in the hands of the citizens and the right of consumers tomake their individuals choices based on the available products andcareer at their disposal18.He further postulated that although goods were produced in masses andwere cheap, there was a need to champion for reorganization andrestructuring and redistribution of the wealth because they wereconcentrated in the hands of a few individuals. According toRoosevelt overcoming such hardships through strenuous effort was anideal that every American should embrace19.He argued that the people that preceded the existing society embracedthe frontier characters and ardently struggle against extreme andunbearable odds.
Accordingto Roosevelt, the nation had failed to adopt and consolidate thegains that had been achieved by the past generation by being notenthusiastic enough in championing for change20.As such, the greatest challenge that was facing humanity was hisinability to take action and work for the change. Mentioning greatpersonalities like Grant and Lincoln, Roosevelt challenged hisaudience that there was no way the past generation could outdo thethen contemporary generation regarding ideas and commitment to servehumanity21.Roosevelt challenged his audience wealthy men to act and take uptheir responsibility and not only stabilize the nation’s internalsystem but to look into the opportunities that lay abroad.Accordingly, the concern aired by Bellamy in his 1888 book about theunequal distribution of wealth was further confirmed and addressedindirectly by Roosevelt in his speeches because he was communicatingthe need for change to wealthy and professional of the West whoBellamy had accused of holding too much wealth22.The injustices that are addressed by both by Edward Bellamy andRoosevelt are evidence that the existing society had challenges thatneeded to be addressed through action. Consequently, the ignorance ofthe society was not to be regarded as a defense such that peoplewould fail to act by the fact that there was little they could do toeffect change.
Conclusion
AlthoughBellamy’s work was fictional, it was confirmed by Roosevelt’slive speech that change should happen and that it will triumph.Roosevelt assured the society that such change would not beforthcoming unless people learn from the past, remain determined andpersistent and take the individual effort to toil, strife and laborto succeed. Bellamy‘s argument was so precise that it did not callfor radical changes that would lead to the nullification of the gainsthat had been achieved by the time. For instance, governmentinstitutions were to remain intact, influential and respected becausehe did not embrace anarchism or socialism as attributes of societalchange. Correspondingly, Bellamy knew that the existing societyvalued family life and thus he insisted that families’ values wereto be upheld. Both arguments were made in the form of an appeal andthus easily penetrated the mind of the people. Accordingly, botharguments were useful in shaping the societal values and hencepolitical, economic and social changes that took place at the onsetof the twentieth century. The Both “Looking Backward” by EdwardBellamy and Roosevelt’s “The Strenuous Life” work are one ofthe greatest human conviction and appeals that have been encountered.
Bibliography
Faccarello,Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. 2016. Handbookon the history of economic analysis. Volume II, Volume II.Cheltenham: Edward Elgar Publishing.
Gianquitto,Tina, and Lydia Fisher. 2014. America`sDarwin: Darwinian Theory and U.S. Literary Culture.Athens: The University of Georgia Press.
Parry-Giles,Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. 2013. Thehandbook of rhetoric and public address.Chichester, West Sussex, U.K.: Wiley-Blackwell.
Roosevelt,Theodore. 2012. Thestrenuous life: essays and addresses.Mineola, New York: Dover Publications
1 Faccarello, Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. Handbook on the history of economic analysis. Volume II, Volume II. Cheltenham: Edward Elgar Publishing. 2016. pp, 87.
2 Gianquitto, Tina, and Lydia Fisher. America`s Darwin: Darwinian Theory and U.S. Literary Culture. Athens: The University of Georgia Press. 2014. pp, 106.
3 Faccarello, Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. Handbook on the history of economic analysis. 2016. Pp, 92.
4 Gianquitto, Tina, and Lydia Fisher. America`s Darwin: Darwinian Theory and U.S. Literary Culture. 2014, pp, 98.
5 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. Chichester, West Sussex, U.K.: Wiley-Blackwell. 2013, pp, 74.
6 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 68.
7 Faccarello, Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. Handbook on the history of economic analysis. 2016. pp, 98.
8 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 56.
9 Gianquitto, Tina, and Lydia Fisher. America`s Darwin: Darwinian Theory and U.S. Literary Culture. 2014, pp, 84.
10 Faccarello, Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. Handbook on the history of economic analysis. 2016. pp, 113.
11 Faccarello, Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. Handbook on the history of economic analysis. 2016. Pp, 77.
12 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 49.
13 Roosevelt, Theodore. The strenuous life: essays and addresses. Mineola, New York: Dover Publications. 2012, pp, 34,
14 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 67.
15 Roosevelt, Theodore. The strenuous life: essays and addresses. 2012, pp, 40.
16 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 78.
17 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 93.
18 Faccarello, Gilbert, and Heinz D. Kurz. Handbook on the history of economic analysis. 2016. pp, 104.
19 Roosevelt, Theodore. The strenuous life: essays and addresses.2012, pp, 78.
20 Roosevelt, Theodore. The strenuous life: essays and addresses.2012, pp, 76.
21 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 64.
22 Parry-Giles, Shawn J., and J. Michael Hogan. The handbook of rhetoric and public address. 2013, pp, 84.Latest release: Never Say Die (Dinner For Wolves)Website:
Jake Wiffen is well aware of the connotations inspired by Never Say Die, the title of Dead City Ruins’ latest album, and the very retro look and feel of the cover art. While acknowledging the similarities to Black Sabbath, the singer reckons that it’s more coincide than design.
“I’m well aware of the Sabbath album title and I’ve got a huge Ozzy tattoo on my ribs,” he says, which is both awesome and weird in equal amounts, “so I can’t deny that I’m a massive Ozzy fan and a massive fan of Sabbath. But the rest of the boys in the band have as much to do with the songwriting as I do and the fact that it’s called Never Say Die has more to do with all the things the band’s been through over the last eight years, and also what we went through over the last two and a half years – going through different label changes, line-up changes… all the absolute fucking bullshit we went through just to get to the release of this album has been nothing sort of traumatic.”
“‘Never say die’ has sort of come to be our mantra,” he suggests. “So many opportunities to just roll over and give up the ghost, and I think that 99% of people – sane people – would have done that, because we’ve been through a lot of shit. I guess that’s why Never Say Die couldn’t say it any better. It’s a title that fits this album really well.”
In the wake of a European tour with Ugly Kid Joe and Skid Row and a well-received self-titled album four years ago, the band’s bass player walked away from the group and Dead City Ruins struggled with line-up changes for a while. It was a bitter pill after the success they had enjoyed.
“It was a blow, especially the way that it happened,” Wiffen says. “The guy that left wasn’t too cool about the way he did it. He kinda spat the dummy and caused a lot of shit, and then we had to replace him and even at the time of recording we really only had a fill-in drummer, so we had to find a drummer and we did some more touring and both the rhythm section decided that wasn’t what they really wanted to do, so they left and we had to find another drummer and another bass player, so it was a lot of shit. But that’s being in a rock n’ roll band!”
He’s philosophical about that. Being a touring musician isn’t an easy gig. As Dizzy Reed recently surmised, rock n’ roll ain’t easy.
“It’s a lot of things, man,” the singer says of life on the road for a band that tours as hard as they do. “It’s a huge financial strain. Not only the fact that you have pay for a lot of stuff in a band, it’s really hard to keep a full time job. You come back from three months on the road, you’re in debt most of the time and you’ve got no job and sometimes nowhere to live, so there’s so many layers and reasons as to why people decide that they can’t do it. In the past we’ve done such long tours. Three months of sleeping on people’s couches, playing every night, driving 15 – 16 hours every day… it does wear you down.”
Dead City Ruins are among a raft of other Australian rock bands who are upholding the AC/DC tradition by concentrating most of their touring on Europe and the UK. With the local market being the way it is, it’s the only way some bands can afford to keep going.
“We’ve been so focused on overseas for the pure reason that if you build a career in Europe or you build a career in America, that sets you up. You can live off that. But in Australia… even if you’re a big band in Australia you can’t tour all year. So you have to work another job, and a lot of bands fall on their knees in Australia because they get big in Australia and they think, ‘Let’s go to Europe!’ and they realise they’re playing to two people in a shitty little pub on a Monday night and they can’t hack it. We’ve kind of done the opposite thing. We work seven days a week here in shitty jobs and save up all our coin to go tour our arses off in Europe to try and make it financially viable.”
Never Say Die stands as a testament to the amount of work the band has done since 2014’s Dead City Ruins. Working on songs between beers on days off “so we don’t just get drunk and fight each other”, two weeks of pre-production and bringing in accomplished British producer James Lewis has resulted in a lean, mean collection of hard rocking tunes in contrast to the sometimes rambling riff-fests of the previous album.
“I’m a big fan of guitar riffs,” Wiffen says. “Obviously Sean (Blanchard) our guitarist is a big fan of guitar riffs. If left to our own devices, we’ll have a fifteen minute song that has 34 different guitar riffs in it and we’ll be pumping our fists going, ‘Yeah, this is fucking sick!’ But anyone that’s not playing it is going to get bored. And that’s where you need a strong hand to come in and go, ‘Yeah, you guys can really play, but no one want to hear that. Gimme the goods, and condense down all that you want to say in that fifteen minutes, and cut it back’.”
Lewis was the man for the job, putting the songs through the wringer and pushing the band to their limits as songwriters again and again.
“He really broke everything down and rewrote it and then made us break everything down and rewrite it and break it down and rewrite it and go back to the start. It was a real learning curve working with a real producer who comes from the world of working with people like Adele and Arctic Monkeys and all these pop people.”
The results speak for themselves. Never Say Die has already won heavy plaudits from critics everywhere and the band is gearing up to take it on the road once again, starting things off with a show supporting L.A. Guns this weekend in Sydney. Jake Wiffen, as to be expected, it extremely pleased with how it all came out.
“It’s honest, it’s short, it’s to the point, I don’t think there’s a weak song on there. I listen to the whole thing and say, ‘Yeah, I’m happy with all of those songs’. Honestly,” he says with certainty, “this is the best thing musically I’ve ever done.”Share your live oak dating photography really. And
- Akinokasa
- Posted on
- Dating.
Live Oak Photography, George West, Texas. likes. South Texas Photographer serving George West, Beeville, Mathis, Corpus beach and surrounding . Live Oak Photography, Pensacola, Florida. likes 2 talking about this. Original photography by Tony WinslettFollowers:
Our photographers go through a thorough application and review process, to make sure they are a good fit for our shooting specifications and client's needs. You will be well taken care of.
..
Find a Certified Photographer. Double D Cookies Bakery.
Live oak dating photography
Taqueria Vallarta 7 Fast food restaurant. Alexandra Lynn Photography Photographer. Piggy Cakes Cupcake Shop.
George West Chamber of Commerce Government organisation. Staghorn Restaurant American restaurant. Three Rivers Bulldogs School sport team.
Photography By Darla Photographer. Tropical Monkey Local service.
Pages liked by this Page. Van's BBQ. Three Rivers, Texas.
Lake Corpus Christi. Three Rivers Boys and Girls Club. Sowells BBQ. Refine Search. A common sight in the Southern.
LIVE OAK EDITING. Home Services Titles About Contact I believe that every individual has a story-a story that should be heard. Your story might be a message of encouragement, a journey of faith, or a text that give readers the information they need. Whatever the purpose, the key to being heard is effective presentation. That's where I come in. As an editor, my goal is not to change what. Download Live oak stock photos. Affordable and search from millions of royalty free images, photos and vectors. .
Similar Images. Add to Likebox.
Tree oak planting in the soil. Seedlings illuminated by side light Brown shades Natural object.
The plant strive for. Brown shades.
Natural background. Favorite golden autumn.
Live Oak's best FREE dating site! Free Online Dating for Live Oak Singles at adivasihunkar.com Our free personal ads are full of single women and men in Live Oak looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Start meeting singles in Live Oak today with our free online personals and free Live Oak chat! 8, live oak tree stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available royalty-free. See live oak tree stock video clips. of live oak charleston angel oak live oak white background south carolina oak tree no leaves golden leaf tree gold treetree oak spanish moss live oaks trees and moss. Try these curated collections. Search for "live oak tree" in these categories. Next. of Help us. Find the perfect Live Oak Tree stock photos and editorial news pictures from Getty Images. Select from premium Live Oak Tree of the highest quality.
Jekyll Island. Little girl with oak and maple. Black end white.
Solid oak countertop. Bench near the street on. Oak tree in summerWhether you are the CEO of a big corporation or the owner of a small enterprise, the success of your business links inevitably to the performance of your supply chain. Supply chain management success begins with identifying those aspects of the business that need to perform effectively.
By watching these areas and implementing improvement strategies, you can enhance your ability to create and sustain a well-managed supply chain. Of the many possible areas for supply chain improvement, let’s discuss the three main ones:
• Inventory Tracking in Real-Time – As your company grows, you will need a real-time inventory tracking solution to maintain clear visibility into warehouse product levels. Updated data allows you to fulfil orders accurately and keeps your supply chain performing at its best.
• Inventory Management – Let’s understand the term Velocity. Velocity is the amount of time taken to sell in-stock products in the warehouse. When you have a clear understanding of the items velocity, you can make efficient inventory purchasing decisions. For Example: If you know a specific product sells faster than other products, you can stock extra units of it in advance. Similarly, if some items are sitting on the shelves for a long time, then you should conduct a cost-benefit analysis to decide whether it’s worth it to re-stock sold items.
• Performance Insights and Metrics – It’s challenging to make changes to your supply chain performance management if you can’t identify the areas where you need improvement. In-depth performance metrics clue you into the areas of your business that are working well, and those that need some modifications. Armed with accurate performance insights, you can develop and execute supply chain strategies for improving specific areas of the business.
Interested to know more?
On January 23, join us for an exclusive webinar – What Drives Supply Chain Management?
We will discuss the functionalities available in Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central for the supply chain management.
Blog Post by Bob Dzimbowski –.Keydates 11 October 2021 11 October 2021 Call for Papers 12 October 2021 12 October 2021 Registration opens Hotel booking site opens 15 December 2021 15 December 2021 Receipt of abstracts 15 January 2022 15 January 2022 Notification to authors 17 February 2022 17 February 2022 Increase in registration fees March 2022 March 2022 Final programme online 21 > 25 March 2022 21 > 25 March 2022 ConferenceLet’s Be Friends
If you’re passionate about theatre and want to enjoy a host of exclusive benefits and discounts, join our membership scheme from only £50 per year.
As a Friend, you’ll get a range of benefits that are perfect for theatre fans! What’s more, if you pay by Direct Debit, you’ll get a £5 discount off your chosen membership level. There’s never been a better time to sign up to enjoy the West End in the West Midlands.
- Great ticket savings*
- Priority booking
- Friends Hotline
- Invitations to special events
JOIN NOW!
By becoming a Friend, you are also making a direct charitable contribution to our community, education and artistic programmes through Hippodrome Projects – reaching young people, vulnerable adults and families all across the region.
Stuck for a present idea?
Membership makes an ideal gift for one of your friends
*Ticket offers may exclude performances by Birmingham Royal Ballet, Welsh National Opera and other selected productions. All discounts are offered by agreement with touring producers and will be limited/capped or subject to availability and withdrawn at our discretion. Check online or phone 0844 338 5000† for details.SEATTLE (AP) — After Bryan Kang’s son was born in July, the occupational therapist and his wife, a teacher, started…
SEATTLE (AP) — After Bryan Kang’s son was born in July, the occupational therapist and his wife, a teacher, started looking for child care in the Los Angeles area. The couple called eight day care centers: Some didn’t have spots for months; others stopped taking their calls and some never answered at all.
So with no viable options, Kang scrambled to find a new job that would allow him to work remotely.
“I told my manager, ‘Hey, by the end of the month, I have to transition out,’” Kang said. “They were very supportive and very understanding because they’re all mothers. But now there’s one less body to see patients.”
Kang said he’s fortunate he found a job teaching online classes, but the unexpected career pivot forced him to take an 11% pay cut.
The truth is, even if he could find a day care spot for his now 3-month-old son, the $2,500 monthly cost of infant care is so high that taking a lower-paying job so he can work from home and care for the baby is the most financially sensible thing to do.
The child care business has for years operated in a broken, paradoxical market: low wages for workers and high costs for consumers. Yet the critical service somehow managed to limp along.
Now, the pandemic has made clear what many experts had long warned: The absence of reliable and affordable child care limits which jobs people can accept, makes it harder to climb the corporate ladder and ultimately restricts the ability of the broader economy to grow.
“Early learning is no longer seen as just a women’s issue or a children’s issue. It’s really seen as an economic issue. It’s about workforce participation,” said Mario Cardona, policy chief for Child Care Aware of America. “It’s about employers who don’t have to worry about whether they’ll be able to rely upon employees.”
Child Care Aware estimates 9% of licensed child care programs have permanently closed since the pandemic began, based on its tally of nearly 16,000 shuttered centers and in-home day cares in 37 states between December 2019 and March 2021.
Now, each teacher resignation, coronavirus exposure and day care closure reveals an industry on the brink, with wide-reaching implications for an entire economy’s workforce.
The national crisis has forced many people — mostly women — to leave their jobs, reshaping the child care crisis as not just a problem for parents of young children, but also anyone who depends on them. It has contributed to a labor shortage, which in turn has hurt businesses and made it more difficult for customers to access goods and services.
“The decisions we make about the availability of child care today will shape the U.S. macroeconomy for decades to come by influencing who returns to work, what types of jobs parents take and the career path they are able to follow,” said Betsey Stevenson, an economist at the University of Michigan.
President Joe Biden has pledged an unprecedented burst of federal spending in hopes of fixing the child care market. At a recent town hall in Baltimore, he assured parents they would “not have to pay more than 7% of your income for child care.” Federal money would go directly to care centers to cover costs in excess of the 7% cap. This means the median U.S. family earning $86,372 would pay $6,046 annually for child care.
Biden’s plan also includes universal pre-kindergarten, which could further reduce child care expenses for families. The expanded monthly payments from the child tax credit approved in Biden’s $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief package would be extended for another year. The president also proposed increasing the size of a tax credit for the cost of child care, all of which should help improve access for families.
The Congressional Budget Office has yet to score the costs as the measures are still being negotiated ahead of Biden’s departure Thursday for the G-20 conference in Rome. But Donald Schneider, a former chief economist for the House Ways and Means Committee who now works for the consultancy Cornerstone Macro, estimates the child care and pre-kindergarten support would cost $465 billion over 10 years. The one-year price-tag of the expanded child tax credit would be around $120 billion. The credit would cost an additional $940 billion if renewed for nine more years.
It remains to be seen what survives in the brutal negotiations in Congress for Biden’s broad family services agenda, but the pandemic is proving to be a make-or-break catalyst for the future of the child care industry.
At Forever Young Daycare in the Seattle suburb of Mountlake Terrace, Amy McCoy is burning out fast.
She’s spent half of this year trying to hire a new assistant for her in-home child care, but until then, the former public school teacher works 50 hours a week caring for children herself, and more doing the cooking, cleaning and administrative work needed to run her business.
“At what point is my day care more important than my own family?” McCoy asked.
One of McCoy’s assistants, who worked there for five years, quit the $19-an-hour job in April for a $35-an-hour job nannying. McCoy has posted the opening for an entry-level assistant on Indeed and Facebook, offering $16 per hour — nearly 20% more than the state minimum wage. She’s gotten few responses and all turned her down over pay, making hiring impossible without a tuition increase.
“Nobody wants to work for what I can afford to pay right now,” McCoy said. “I absolutely believe these are $20-an-hour employees, but I hate that, most likely, I will have to raise tuition.”
The U.S. Treasury Department noted in a September report that child care workers earn on average $24,230. More than 15% of the industry’s workers live below the poverty line in 41 states and half need public assistance. The sector has high levels of turnover, with 26% to 40% leaving their job each year. Nor is there much room to give among child care centers that tend to operate on profits of 1% or less.
In nearby Edmonds, Briana McFadden shuttered her business, Cocoon Child Care Center, last month due to the stress of the pandemic, though McFadden thinks she would have stayed open if there were government subsidies to stabilize the industry.
In 12 years in business, McFadden said she never raised tuition and was the rare day care in the affluent northern Seattle suburbs to accept low-income families on a state subsidy. In pre-pandemic times, Cocoon employed seven people to care for 37 children. Now McFadden plans to open a convenience store.
“It really wasn’t worth it to continue,” McFadden said, her voice quivering with emotion. “Day care is a hard business.”
Tatum Russell’s livelihood depended as much on McFadden’s day care as the restaurant that employs her to hand-bread seafood.
During a COVID-19-related day care closure in August, the single mom could only stitch together help from relatives for some of the time. Russell ultimately had to miss four days of work.
“It’s been a nightmare, and it’s not over,” Russell said.
___
Boak reported from Washington, D.C.
© 2021 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed..Eurofound's COVID-19 EU PolicyWatch collates information on the responses of government and social partners to the crisis, as well as gathering examples of company practices aimed at mitigating the social and economic impacts.
Factsheet for case SI-2020-25/1098 – measures in Slovenia
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the Confederation of Free Trade Unions of Slovenia (Zveza svobodnih sindikatov Slovenije, ZSSS) drew attention to the lack of health and safety measures at work and reported cases where workers kept working close to each other with no safety equipment. Only the trade union campaign forced the competent institutions to take necessary measures for the protection of workers. In June 2020, ZSSS analysed the reasons for the failure of the system and proposed a systemic reform of occupational medicine.
Although most of the production and service workers continued to work since the outbreak of COVID-19, many had no safety equipment on disposal and there were no instructions on safety measures. Experts on occupational medicine, the external support service for employers, were often not available for advising about necessary safety measures at the workplace and undertook actions only after ZSSS’ public campaign. But when they have begun to cooperate, they were only giving general instructions without having inspected the working places to check themselves. In June 2020, ZSSS analysed the reasons for the failure of the system.
According to ZSSS analysis, the main reason for its failure was the profit-driven character of occupational medicine. The main financial source for occupational doctors is periodic medical exams for workers paid by employers directly. Existentially dependent on employers, occupational doctors cannot provide independent service in a number of areas, such as occupational diseases, and also failed to properly react during the time of the epidemic.
On the grounds of internal analysis, the presidency of ZSSS (a body which consists of 21 representative unions) concluded that occupational medicine should be transformed into a public service working for the benefit and protection of workers. ZSSS announced a campaign for the reform, starting with the presentation of the Economic and Social Council.
ZSSS survey revealed that five per cent of respondents only confirmed the presence of an occupational medicine expert in the company. These experts visited workplaces, checked safety measures by themselves and proposed adaptations. Eleven per cent of respondents said that occupational medicine doctors were available via email or phone. They have begun to cooperate on the initiative of employers.
Social partners' role in designing the measure and form of involvement:
Social partners' role in the implementation, monitoring and assessment phase:
The Confederation of Free Trade Unions of Slovenia (Zveza svobodnih sindikatov Slovenije, ZSSS) proposed a systemic reform of occupational medicine
No feedback so far.
Citation
Eurofound (2020), Trade union proposal for a reform of occupational medicine , case SI-2020-25/1098 (measures in Slovenia), COVID-19 EU PolicyWatch, Dublin,
Disclaimer: This information has not been subject to the full Eurofound evaluation, editorial and publication process. All information is preliminary and subject to change.Join me at the Audacious Faith Conference on October 6-8th. A FREE Virtual Business Conference for Women Of Faith
Register HERE
Things are a bit crazy over here! New speaker reel coming soon!
_edited_edite.jpg)
With such a diverse story having been through many areas of growth Becky brings fear into perspective because fear and love abide at the core of all life situations. Fearless Growth is Becky's message along with:
Fearless Growth (the process) can be done via group coaching, through a breakout session, or keynote
ADHD & Mental Health Awareness
Dream BIIG, BOLD, and BRAVELY, Chasing a dream
Dream Boards and Goal Setting (youth as well)
People Pleasing, standing up for yourself. Correcting Confidence, Come out and be separate
Marriage & Responsibility (expectations, communication, infidelity, preventing divorce, what's next)
Staying in the game regardless of the pain - A 2020 journey of growth class/workshop
KEYNOTE TOPICS:
Let Becky Make your next event your very best as your audience learns the art of fearless growth through any topic, any group, anywhere, and now virtually!
Becky's schedule is very limited. To inquire about her availability for your next conference contact the CE team ASAP, by clicking the "hook me up" button.
.png)
BUZZFEED // MARCH, 2015
I’d always been self-conscious about my abdomen. When I got endometriosis, everyone else became conscious of it too.
Sign up for my newsletter if you like rants on the diet industry, sometimes more random musings, and answers to your questions about how to parent without passing on your own toxic body image crap.Your shopping cart is empty!
The Paul John Nirvana is an unpeated Indian single malt from the Paul John distillery. This very fruity and whisky with notes of vanilla and honey was bottled at 40% ABV. This is a 5cl miniature.
Nose: honeycomb with fruit cake and caramel pudding
Palate: soft honey aromas with a salty edge
Finish: long and rich with honey, barley and vanillaIt’s a well-known fact that most men hate shopping for presents – and especially hate Christmas shopping.
Wouldn’t it be great if the whole shopping experience was one big adrenaline rush – like the feeling you get when you’re in the car with your foot to the floor, when you’re holding that winning hand in poker, or on the platform just before that bungee jump?
How many people have experienced the genuine thrill of shopping… at an auction?
The first part is, I admit, similar to traditional shopping; finding the thing that you like. But the second bit…
Imagine you’re standing in the auction room. You’ve spotted the piece you know she’s going to love. It’s nearly time…. The butterflies start… your hands are sweaty; your mouth is dry. You’re breathing a little faster. Keep calm, here we go.
Lot 196, a pair of sapphire and diamond Art Deco-style ear pendants. She’s going to love these. Bidding starts… you wait a bit, heart pumping.
Your eyes are focused on the auctioneer and that other guy in the room who has just put his hand up.
You put your hand up… The bid is with you. Have you got them? No! That guy puts his hand up again. Damn.
Then a bid comes in over the telephone. They're slipping away from you.
Heart is pounding louder now. You want these earrings. You put your hand up again. Bid is with you.
Eyes fixed on the auctioneer. The hammer is up… they're going to be yours. He points at you and the hammer comes down with a bang. You’ve done it! The earrings are yours. What a rush!
For those who have never been to an auction, there is nothing quite like the thrill of going for that piece you’ve spotted and fallen in love with, and then beating off all the competition to win it, and at Cheffins auctioneers in Cambridge this December there is the perfect opportunity to do just that.
Titled ‘Carats and Clarets,’ Cheffins’ Christmas specialist sale covers jewellery, silver, watches and wine. With estimates ranging from under £100 to over £10,000, there really is something for everyone there for Christmas.
There are many ways to experience the thrill of the auction, you could think of it a bit like the various colours of ski runs.
The hammer comes down with a bang. You’ve done it!
The ‘green’ run – for beginners, if you like – is called a commission bid. This is where you tell the auctioneer before the sale date the maximum amount you’re willing to spend. On sale day he will bid on your behalf up to your limit. You get the buzz of anticipation but don’t really get to take part.
The ‘red’ run, or intermediate thrill, is the telephone bid. On sale day, the auction house will call you and you tell the caller what to bid when the item comes up for sale. You’re bidding live so you get the rush, but it’s not quite the ‘black run’!
For the ultimate kick, try the ‘black’ run – turn up and bid in the room on the day. Go and see the whites of the eyes of the competition. You have the opportunity to make those split-second decisions that may be the difference between winning and losing. You get to experience the surreal feeling of there being no one else in the room except you and the auctioneer – face to face. There is nothing quite like it!
Auction highlights
The sale will take place at Cheffins in Cambridge on 2 December. Call 01223 213 343 to arrange a commission bid or phone bid, or bid online and view the catalogue here.You can want a new car for various reasons, including improving your family’s comfort, safety, or financial stability. It’s no secret that older cars cost more to own in terms of green taxes and are less reliable, resulting in additional costs. As a result, replacing an old car with a newer or brand new reliable vehicle may assist the economy. Replacing an outdated car gives a family financial peace of mind and a budget for things other than unexpected automotive maintenance.
A car loan is a financial assistance that enables you to purchase a vehicle with only a little down payment from your pocket. You can repay the lender in equal monthly installments with an agreed-upon interest rate over some time. Automobile loans are often secured by the car being purchased. ikanobank.dk offers low-interest financing for your new vehicle that does not require a down payment.
What exactly is the point of a car loan?
If you don’t have enough money to buy a new car entirely, a car loan can help you do so, regardless of the vehicle’s age. When you get an auto loan, you earn money from a lender to buy a car, and you agree to repay the money over a set length of time, plus any fees and interest.
An auto loan is a sort of loan that allows clients to purchase a four-wheeler and pay it off in equal monthly installments over a certain length of time rather than paying the total amount upfront. The conditions of a vehicle loan are determined by several factors, including your earnings and credit history.
Borrowers must pay back their principal and interest in monthly installments. Auto loans can also help you improve your credit rating by allowing you to buy a better vehicle that would have been too pricey if you paid cash.Altium and In-Circuit Design Partner to Respond to Challenges in High-Speed Design
New tools for stackup and power distribution network planning enable PCB designers to cope with high-speed design challenges
Sydney, Australia —:
• Unprecedented simulation speed, ease of use and accuracy at an affordable price.
• Accurate impedance control for rigid-flex design flows seamlessly, in the Altium environment, from concept to fabrication.
• The 8,800 part dielectric materials library allows the simulation of the actual materials used by your fabricator.
• Unique field solver computation of multiple differential pair definitions per layer.
•:
• Unprecedented simulation speed, ease of use and accuracy at an affordable price.
• Accurate PDN management flows seamlessly, in the Altium environment, from concept to production.
• Comprehensive capacitor library of 5,000 parts, allows the simulation and optimization of the actual capacitors extracted from manufacturer’s SPICE models.
•.
Contacts:
Frank Krämer
Altium Europe GmbH
+49 721 8244 108
frank.kraemer@altium.com
Frank Krämer
Altium Europe GmbH
+49 721 8244 108
frank.kraemer@altium.com
Greater China + 86 (0) 21 62033366-136
dwang@hoffman.com
Altium
+86 21 6182 3922
max.cang.Price: $27.99
(as of Sep 19,2020 20:58:10 UTC – Details)
Bluetooth Version: V5.0
Operation Range: 33Ft(10M)
Microphone: CVC 6.0 noise reduction
Music/Talk Time: Up to 60H
Charge Time: 2-3H
Battery: 3.7V 420mAh*2
Lightweight: only 213g(7.5oz)
Packing Lists:
Mpow 059 Pro Bluetooth Headphones*1
3.5mm Audio Cable*1
USB Charging Cable*1
User Manual*1
Notes:
1. If you want to connect the headphone to your TV you need to use a SEPARATE Bluetooth transmitter.
2. Mpow 059 Pro Bluetooth headphones is passive noise isolating, NOT active noise cancellation(ANC).
IMPRESSIVE HI-FI & STEREO SOUND: Mpow headphones’ engineers are always in pursuit of better sound. They spent hundreds of hours designing, testing and perfecting every product. The custom tuned 40mm dynamic drivers and CSR chips produce your digital music files in rich, natural sound. Put on Mpow Bluetooth headphones, you will enjoy immersive, accurate, authentic performances, and feeling like a live-concert at home.
REINFORCED COMFORT LEVEL: Weighs only 7.5oz (213g)， you will feel nothing on your head. The soft memory foam ear pads, adjustable headband, padded headband–every element of Mpow Bluetooth headphones have been crafted for comfort as well as style. The foldable and space-saving design allows you to fold up when they’re not in use for easy carry and storage.
LEADING BLUETOOTH 5.0: Mpow 059 Pro wireless headphones are engineered with latest Bluetooth 5.0 technology, bringing you an ultimate wireless enjoyment freedom. The Bluetooth 5.0 features more stable transmission, lower power consumption, more stable signal, making the wireless connection faster and stronger than ever before.
CLEAR CALLS & VOICE ASSISTANCE ACTIVATION: Mpow 059 Pro headphones will give you ultimate convenience. Easily make hands-free calls with the built-in CVC 6.0 noise suppression microphone. Wake up your siri or google assistance just by double press the MFB, no need to reach for your phone. Mpow headphones are your perfect choice for home, online course, study, travel, business meeting, etc.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.I; so half the phone is transparent while the other half is invisible.
Amazingly the Xperia Pureness is an HSDPA phone and has a web browser, although I’m not sure how good the browsing experience will be on a mono transparent screen, but then again I guess that’s not the point. The Xperia Pureness doesn’t even have a camera, but it does have access to a concierge service à la Vertu.
The only problem…the price: £600 and only from Selfridges.All dogs need regular veterinary care. The frequency with which you should schedule visits to the vet depends on your dog’s age and health.
First Puppy Visit
When you get a puppy from a breeder or a rescue organization, he may be up-to-date with shots and may be spayed or neutered. However, you still want to take your new puppy to your veterinarian for the first time within a few days after he comes home. This gives the vet the opportunity to examine him, determine a schedule for upcoming vaccinations and begin a record of his care. He may also take blood tests and complete a fecal exam.
Other Puppy Vet Visits
After the first vet visit, your vet will recommend a schedule of vaccinations for your puppy. You will need to bring your puppy to the vet’s office for each booster shot.
Additionally, once your puppy reaches 6 months of age, you will likely want to have him neutered or her spayed. This involves surgery and often an overnight stay at the vet’s office, and possibly a followup visit.
Annual Exams
All healthy dogs should visit the vet at least once a year, and twice a year is advisable. Older dogs may need to see a vet every six months or more frequently. This gives the vet the opportunity to examine your dog and ensure that the dog is healthy. The vet will complete a physical examination, take your dog’s temperature, listen to his heart and look at his teeth, among other things. Your vet may also take tests such as heartworm tests before prescribing preventive medicines. If you dog needs any booster shots, such as rabies or distemper, your vet will give them during the annual visit.
Illness and Emergency
Before selecting a vet, ask about emergency services. Some vet offices offer on-site care 24 four hours a day, seven days a week. Other veterinarians outsource after-hours emergency care to another local vet or animal hospital. Unfortunately, there may be times when your dog is ill and needs care in between routine visits. Always call before bringing your dog to the vet, even if you have an emergency. Program your veterinarian's and the emergency veterinarian's phone numbers in your phones.
Always check with your veterinarian before changing your pet’s diet, medication, or physical activity routines. This information is not a substitute for a vet’s opinion..Description
‘The Gift of Confidence and Creativity’
The Gaiety School of Acting Gift Certificates start from as little as €20. They can be used for all our courses. If purchased online we will post them out directly to your home address so make sure to include it. See our prices for adult short courses and kids courses to see what the recipient can get for their gift voucher.
Happy Shopping!
Please note: Gift vouchers can only be redeemed in person or over the phone and cannot be used for online transactions.
Call reception on 01 6799277 if you have any questions!Turkey supporting ‘enormous’ human organ trafficking operation as well as terrorist oil/artifact marketsWed 2:44 pm +00:00, 25 Nov 2015
.
Lavrov: “terrorists, rebels” have set up an “enormous” human organ trafficking operation/market in Turkey along with oil/artifact markets
“Terroristas han establecido desde Turquía un enorme mercado negro de órganos humanos”-
A pool party is one of the most notable alternatives as opposed to a youngster’s birthday festivity, and there are no uncertainties and additionally buts. You don’t have to pulverize your soul figuring out a redirection considering the way that the kids will at this point be making some awesome memories in the pool, and your home won’t get flipped around because the fun is all occasion outside! Similarly, it’s great for both young fellows and young women of any age. Basically, try to recall these 7 things:
Extra is always better
Even though you said on the invitation that everyone should bring a towel, someone will likely!It is now just a few days away from switch on, and some power problems remain.
The show will still light up on December 1st subject to weather, but with some elements non-functioning. I am hoping that these last few problems can be ironed out before the weekend.
Please note that if thunderstorms and rain are present on December 1 then light up will not go ahead for safety reasons – sorry.A History Of 130 Years, Holding Global Accreditation
Written by Janet Thome
We want to thank and welcome Intertek as a new commercial member of THIA..
Services
Assurance
Enabling you to identify and mitigate the intrinsic risk in your operations, supply chains, and business processes.
Assurance goes beyond testing, inspection, and certification to look at the underlying elements that make a company and its products successful. Intertek’s.
Intertek is second to none in its ability to provide tailored quality assurance solutions to satisfy each of our customer’s individual needs, offering solutions in a wide variety of areas.
Intertek
800 967 5352Pensioners can avail Pension Payment Order (PPO) number by using their bank account number or Provident Fund (PF) number, the Ministry of Labour and Employment stated.
- One needs to visit Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO)website.
- After landing on the page, you need to go to “Online Services”. You need to click on “Pensioners’ Portal”.
- Once you are redirected to the “Pensioners’ Portal” you need to click on “Know Your PPO Number”.
- After that you have to submit either “Bank Account Number” or “Member ID (PF Number)”.
- Following the successful submission, the PPO number will appear on screen.
“Ensure to submit your claims in the prescribed proforma for grant of pension/gratuity/commutation/revision to your Head of Office at least six months before the date of your retirement so that the Pension Payment Order (PPO) reaches you through your Head of Office before your retirement,” the Central Government stated, as per details on Pensioners’ Portal…Read more>>
Source:-techiyogizLazarus and the Rich Man: Proof of Heaven and Hell?
Many interpret one of Jesus' parables to mean that people have immortal souls that go to heaven or hell immediately at death. But does this parable really say that?
When we look at this account in light of other scriptures and in its historical context, it becomes apparent that this story is an allegory.
Let's examine the matter, paying close attention to the historical context.
Jesus presents the following story: ).
When we look at this account in light of other scriptures and in its historical context, it becomes apparent that this is an allegory, a familiar story of the time that Jesus uses to point out a spiritual lesson to those who knew the law but did not keep it. It was never intended to be understood literally.
Bible language expert Dr. Lawrence Richards, in discussing this passage in The Victor Bible Background Commentary: New Testament, explains that Jesus used contemporary Jewish thought about the afterlife (which by this time was influenced by pagan mythology) to point out a spiritual lesson about how we view and treat others.
In this view of the afterlife, Hades, the abode of the dead, was "thought to be divided into two compartments" and "conversations could be held between persons" in the abode of the righteous and those in the abode of the unrighteous. "Jewish writings also picture the first as a verdant land with sweet waters welling up from numerous springs," separated from the second, which was described as a parched and dry land. These elements show up in Christ's allegory.
 has said, 'You cannot serve God and Money' (Luke 16:13). When the Pharisees sneered, Jesus responded, 'What is highly valued among men is detestable in God's sight' (Luke laden tables.
"If we look only at this life, the rich man seems to be both blessed and fortunate, and the poor man, rejected and cursed. There is no question which state people would highly value, and which they would find detestable.
' (Luke 16:26). Even though he begs for just one drop of water, Abraham sadly shakes his head. No relief is possible—or appropriate!...
"The rich man had received his good things, and had used them selfishly for his benefit alone. Despite frequent injunctions in the O[ld] T[estament] for the rich to share their good things with the poor, this rich man's indifference to Lazarus showed how far his heart was from God and how far his path had strayed from God's ways. They were his riches, and he would use them only for himself. Ah, how well the rich man depicts those Pharisees who 'loved money' and who even then were sneering at Jesus!
"And so Jesus' first point is driven home. You Pharisees simply cannot love God and Money. Love for Money is detestable to God, for you will surely be driven to make choices in life which are hateful to Him. A love of money may serve you well in this life. But in the world to come, you will surely pay.
"But Jesus does not stop here. He portrays the rich man as appealing to Abraham to send Lazarus to warn his brothers, who live as selfishly as he did. Again Abraham refuses. They have 'Moses and the Prophets' (Luke" (1994, pp. 193-195).
This is the point of the allegory Jesus uses, Dr. Richards explains, not to teach the popular (but erroneous) idea of heaven and hell.The use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in children with acute fulminant myocarditis
Silver Heinsar, Sainath Raman, Jacky Y. Suen, Hwa Jin Cho, John F. Fraser
Clin Exp Pediatr.
2021;64(5):188-195. Published online 2020 Aug 10 DOI:
Citations to this article as recorded by
When should mechanical circulatory support be considered in pediatric patients with acute fulminant myocarditis?
Hye Won Kwon
Clinical and Experimental Pediatrics
.2021; 64(5): 227.
CrossRef
The use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in the treatment of fulminant myocarditis: Current progress and clinical outcomes
Xiaohong Zhang, SongLiang Wang, Jing Jia, Wen Li, Jun Li
Microvascular Research
.2021; 137: 104190.
CrossRefChampions League 2020: PSG cruises to Final with a smooth 3-0, most hightlights scences
PSG - 3, RB Leipzig - 0, Neymar's magical flick to Di Maria doubles PSG lead
For all those that say money can’t buy you happiness, Paris Saint-Germain will tell you that, eventually, it really can.
According to Fox Sports, the mega-rich Parisians have finally reached the Champions League final, nine years after they were purchased with the Qatari billions and three years after they dropped £366m on Neymar and Kylian Mbappe.
But while each of those two have starred throughout this campaign, it was the dazzling left foot of Manchester United reject Angel Di Maria which did the majority of the damage as he picked up a goal and two assists in the demolition of RB Leipzig.
It took 12 minutes for Marquinhos – one of the heroes of the dramatic turnaround in the quarter finals – to nod in Di Maria’s delicious free-kick before Neymar’s classy flick saw the Argentine turn scorer to make the most of a mix-up in the Leipzig defence.
PSG continued to dominate as Mbappe and Neymar missed chances to extend the lead further until a vintage piece of skullduggery from Ander Herrera caused yet another mistake from the Germans, allowing to Di Maria to revert back to provider to cross for Juan Bernat to add the third.
It marks the end of the journey for Leipzig, who surprised everyone by reaching their maiden Champions League semi-final under the guidance of the now in-demand Julian Nagglesmann.
But for PSG, who will surely go into the final as underdogs should Bayern Munich do what is expected of them against Lyon on Thursday morning (AEST), it marks a welcome end to their embarrassing failures in this competition.
They are one game away from achieving the goal set when Qatari Sports Investment injected their billions and are surely right now drawing envious gazes from Manchester City, whose Abu Dhabi owners employed the same method in hope of the same goal.
Notable performances
Let's rate some of the notable performances on the day by CBS Sports,
Paris Saint-Germain entered their very first UEFA Champions League final
According to News18, Paris Saint-Germain have made it to their very first UEFA Champions League final with a 3-0 win over RB Leipzig. PSG were clearly the better team throughout the match and deserved the win. They will meet either Lyon or Bayern Munich in the final.
PSG were on top of Leipzig right from the first whistle and maintained that momentum throughout the game. Leipzig had very little to show in the semi-final with only a couple of moments of spark.
PSG were hunting throughout, making those incisive passes, running in the spaces and wrecking havoc at the Leipzig backline. Leipzig's defence is pretty much to be blamed here as they were just not up to the speed PSG threw at them. Here are the statistics for their dominance after the match.<<<<My kids’ Valentine’s Day cards and candy were waiting for them on the kitchen counter when they came downstairs for breakfast this morning. They were not surprised, especially my daughter who helped me choose which chocolates to buy for her and her brother. I have always given them presents on Valentine’s Day. Although I consider it a silly, Hallmark-engineered holiday, it’s a good excuse to remind them I love them (see yesterday’s post). I did not expect anything in return because I honestly can’t remember the last time one of them gave me a Valentine. It was probably a Strawberry Shortcake or Sponge Bob card left over from one of those multipacks parents buy for little kids to distribute to their classmates.
This year, my almost 13-year-old bowled me over with a book called “52 Reasons I Love You,” which she made from a deck of playing cards. I was not surprised by the thoughtfulness or creativity behind the gesture. She is a kind, caring person and an excellent gift giver because she truly listens to people and wants to know who they are. What blew me away about the book were the sentiments she expressed.
If you follow this blog, you know that, as most mothers and daughters do, we have our ups and downs in the getting along department (here’s a letter I wrote to her about just that). Cards in the book like “You watch ‘Pretty Little Liars’ to make me happy,” “You give amazing fashion advice” and “You always let me borrow your stuff,” while they sound trivial, meant something to me because I did not have that kind of relationship as a teenager growing up with a stepmother. My stepmom and I rarely watched TV together. She did not help me decide which shoes or jewelry to wear. She never knowingly let me borrow her clothes, although I did sneak items out of her extensive wardrobe occasionally. My stepmother and I had a cold, distant relationship. There was no communication, trust or support. One of my biggest fears as a parent is that things will be the same for my daughter and me.
The book she made gives me hope. When I read reasons like “I can trust you with anything,” “You never let me down,” “You never doubt me” and “You always make sure I am happy,” I think that maybe, just maybe, I am doing some things right. Maybe, just maybe, our relationship will survive her teenage years, and the two of us will stay close. That would be the greatest gift of all.
There were funny cards in the book too, which is fitting because my daughter is a silly, lighthearted kid. “You scream every time we watch a horror movie” cracked me up because it’s true. She and my son argue about who has to face the embarrassment and shame of sitting next to me when we see scary films in the theater. “You taught me to embrace my inner nerd” made me laugh too, but it also made me proud. I want my daughter to be confident of her intelligence, to never play dumb or downplay it. As her mother, and as a woman, that is one of the most important things I can teach her.
There were many cards in the book that described how she views me as a person, not just her mother, and they gave me the impression she might admire, respect and even like me a little. She obviously knows me well: The second to the last card read “You’ll probably be crying by now.” I was.
The final card said “You’re my mom, and you couldn’t have done a better job.” Well, I have my doubts about that sometimes, but I try to do my best. Apparently, my daughter thinks my best is good enough. Happy Valentine’s Day to me.A ROW is brewing after council bosses allowed a mobile catering van to set up on the Market Square in Crewe close to existing cafes.
The owners of Riminis and Harvey’s on Queensway say takings plummeted last week when the van, run by Market Cafe owner Rachel Poole, started trading.
Mrs Poole is being forced to move from her Lyceum Square premises because redevelopment work is due to start.
Karen Edge, of Riminis, said: “I’m gobsmacked the council has allowed this. I know she has got a business to run and I would stand by her on that but if the council says it is going to put her into a temporary unit in the indoor market, as it said last week, why is she here too in front of our businesses?
“Why doesn’t Cheshire East ever come to speak to us? We’re not Marks and Spencer or BHS. We’re a small business trying to make a living here and it (the council) is making it very hard.
“If it cared about this town it would get people out asking what’s going on.”
Mrs Edge and partner Simon Nagington pay £1,200 each month in rates.
They said the extra competition is putting the business under threat.
“She’s going to be there Monday, Friday and Saturday and we rely on our Friday and Saturday in particular to keep us running and to pay wages,” said Mrs Edge.
“The council will still want our rates money but how do they expect us to pay it?”
Biss Lal, who owns Harvey’s, said: “Our takings were very much down on the Monday, by about half I think. The council said putting the market there may create extra business for people like us but with the trailer there it’s having the opposite effect. We are very unhappy.”
A Cheshire East spokesman said: “A decision was taken to locate the mobile catering van on Market Square on Mondays as the market is smaller and all the stalls can be located together. On Friday and Saturday, when the market is bigger, the catering van will move further down Market Street and away from Market Square.”Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi associated with citrus orchards under different types of soil management, southern China
P. Wang, J.J. Zhang, B. Shu, R.X. Xia P., Zhang J.J., Shu B., Xia R.X. (2012): Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi associated with citrus orchards under different types of soil management, southern China. Plant Soil Environ., 58: 302-308.
Communities of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) were studied in sod culture (SC), straw mulching (NM), and herbicide treated and no-tillage (NH) citrus orchards, respectively. The highest total colonization rate (39.47%) and hyphal length density (1.15 m/g soil) were found in SC, the highest spore numbers (1024 spores/100 g soil) in NM, while the lowest ones (31.50%, 0.94 m/g soil and 719 spores/100 g soil) in NH and they varied significantly among three different types of orchards. Total 18 AMF species belonging to five families, Acaulosporaceae (four species), Claroideoglomeraceae (two species), Gigasporaceae (one species), Glomeraceae (nine species) and Pacisporaceae (two species) were identified, and Glomus aggregatum and Claroideoglomus etunicatum were the dominant species in all surveyed plots. The redundancy analysis showed that AMF community structure was influenced greatly by pH, soil management, soil organic matter (Cox) and available phosphorus (POlsen). In SC orchards, species richness and Shannon-Wiener index of AMF were notably higher than in other treated orchards. So, it is reasonable to select SC as the best practice in citrus orchard in order to enhance AMF benefits.Keywords:
AMF diversity; colonization; spore density; hyphal length density; Satsuma mandarinFlights from Jakarta to Porto are generally found to be more expensive on Tuesday. This shouldn't discourage you from searching, as you can still find great deals by being flexible with your options. Use our search form to find deals on tickets to Porto.
When flying from Jakarta to Porto, the time of day you fly usually plays a role in the price. Save by searching for a flight at midday, which can drop the price by up to 1% versus a flight in the morning.
Most people fly into Porto (OPO) if they book a flight to Porto from Jakarta. On average, Porto has 0 inbound flights from Jakarta per day from 1 airline. Porto is conveniently located just 10.9 km from Porto’s city centre.
Some of our airline partners flying from Jakarta to Porto have new flexible policies in place due to COVID-19. Emirates is one of the carriers where you may find flexible change policies. You can use our site to filter for airlines like Emirates with this kind of flexibility.
Information is based on travel restrictions from Jakarta to Porto
Most visitors from Jakarta will not be allowed to enter Porto.
COVID-19 testing requirements
Visitors from Jakarta must present a negative RT-PCR (NAAT) or Antigen (quick-test) test taken 72 for RT-PCR (NAAT) and 24 Antigen (quick-test) hours before departing to Porto.
Quarantine requirements
Visitors from Jakarta are not required to quarantine after entering Porto.
Documents
Health declaration for Madeira - Travelers must complete and submit it 12-48 hours before departure. This will generate a QR code which must be presented upon arrival.
Returning to Jakarta from Porto
COVID-19 testing requirements
Visitors from Porto must present a negative RT-PCR (NAAT) test taken 72 hours before departing to Jakarta.
Quarantine requirements
Visitors from Porto are not required to quarantine after entering Jakarta.ADELAIDE duo Ronin O’Connor and Ben Davis have not been offered contracts for next year, as the Crows turn their eye to 2022.
The club is considering re-drafting Davis through the rookie draft, depending on the outcome of the national draft.
Davis managed three senior games in 2021, taking his career tally to six after being drafted in 2016.
Drafted in 2019, O'Connor debuted in round 9, 2021 and played three games.
Adelaide's list manager Justin Reid said the decision to delist the pair was difficult.
"At this time of year, there are always difficult decisions that need to be made at AFL clubs and in this case it unfortunately means saying goodbye to two quality people in Ben and Ronin," Reid said.
WHO'S CALLED IT QUITS 2021's retirements and delistings
"Both have overcome hurdles since arriving at the Club, whether it be injury or the limited opportunities that existed in the 2020 season which was affected by Covid-19.
"We would like to thank them for their contribution both on and off the field and wish them well for their future, they are both of great character and will always be welcome back as part of the Crows family."Unplanned Pregnancy?
Considering Adoption?
Health Care Support
Mass Health: Health care assistance for low- and mid-income families
The Massachusetts Bureau of Family and Community Health
Massachusetts Substance Abuse Information and Education
Sidelines National Support Network: Support for women with high-risk pregnancies
March of Dimes: Information for a healthy pregnancy
Information on Parenting
Center for Early Relationship Support. Services for new parents and children up to age 3
La Leche League of Massachusetts/Rhode Island/Vermont
The Fatherhood Initiative: A program to support and strengthen the role of fathers
Massachusetts Child Care: Search for a child care provider or get news and information on child care issues
Parents Helping Parents support groups and education
Teen Pregnancy & Parenting
Focus Adolescent Services: Resources on teen and family issues
Mass Alliance on Teen Pregnancy
Consortium providing leadership to prevent teenage pregnancy and meet the service needs of pregnant and parenting teens and their children.
Family Planning & Abortion
Planned Parenthood League of MA: Family Planning Services and Abortion Services
A list of MA clinics and private doctors who provide family planning and abortion services
Housing, Finances and Legal Help
Massachusetts Department of Transitional Assistance: Public assistance for needy citizens
Massachusetts Emergency Assistance offering shelter and transition programs for women facing domestic
violence.
Massachusetts Department of Public Health: List of bureaus and programs
Massachusetts Department of Revenue: Child support enforcement
The Boston Housing Authority: Providing affordable housing
Project Bread: Food programs and the Walk for Hunger
St Mary’s Women & Infant Center – emergency shelter for women and children
Emergency Assistance
The shelter system for families in Massachusetts. EA shelter is run by the Department of Housing and Community Development or “DHCD.” Pregnant women and families with children are eligible.
Legal help for questions and answers on rights and responsibilities of Massachusetts residents
Housing, public benefits, health care, family law, employment
Domestic Violence programs in MA- violence-programs
Journey to Safety
Provides culturally-competent and religiously-sensitive services to all survivors of domestic abuse in both English and Russian.
Are you pregnant in and looking for info about adoption?Toyota has announced the introduction of a soon-to-launch online system for customers to order the redesigned 2012 Prius Plug-in Hybrid.
The first phase of the online system, called Priority Registration, will launch April 22, 2011. Customers interested in purchasing a Prius Plug-in can visit the carmaker’s site to complete the registration.
Toyota’s Priority Registration allows customers first access to the online ordering systems when it’s available later in this year.
The new online service.
The new online ordering system will not be available in Hawaii.
To access the new Toyota Prius online registration, visit:Artist To Buzz About Spring ’15: Young Brother
Young Brother is the solo project of Nashville-based artist Dalton Diehl. Though Young Brother is a new project, Diehl has spent previous years signed to EMI Records while touring the country, so the opportunity to start over and reinvent oneself is a blessing.
An EP is set to be released this spring and lead single, “Kamikaze,” is a surefire way to break into the electropop scene. Think Strange Talk meets Smallpools. Are you intrigued yet? Press play!
“Kamikaze” is available now HERE.
Who should we be buzzing about this spring? Let us know in the comments below!Buy Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance (2021)
Cypress, CA auto insurance rates average $327 a month. Minimum auto insurance requirements in Cypress, California are 15/30/5 to comply with California laws. To buy cheap auto insurance in Cypress, CA, compare Cypress Cypress after a DUI is Allstate
- Average auto insurance rates in Cypress, CA after a DUI are $5,526/year
- The most expensive auto insurance company in Cypress is Allstate
Finding affordable Cypress, California auto insurance can be challenging, but everything you need to know to buy cheap Cypress, CA auto insurance with confidence is right here. Auto insurance rates in Cypress are affected by local factors as well as personal ones like your driving record.
See how Cypress, CA car insurance rates compare to Sacramento auto insurance rates, San Diego auto insurance rates, and San Jose auto insurance rates before you read more about the cost of auto insurance in Cypress.
Don’t buy Cypress, CA auto insurance until you’ve compared rates. Get free Cypress, California auto insurance quotes when you enter your ZIP code above.
Cypress, CA Minimum Auto Insurance Requirements
The required auto insurance in Cypress, CA is 15/30/5 according to the auto insurance laws in California. The minimum auto insurance in Cypress, California is outlined here.
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Buy Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance by Age, Gender, and Marital Status
Do age, gender, and marital status affect Cypress, California auto insurance rates? Find out how car insurance rates in Cypress, CA are impacted by demographics.
Buy Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance for Teen Drivers
Auto insurance for teenagers in Cypress can be expensive, but shopping around can make a difference. Average rates for teen auto insurance in Cypress, CA are listed here.
Buy Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance for Seniors
You can save on senior auto insurance rates in Cypress, California by comparing Cypress senior car insurance quotes from multiple companies. Take a look at the average cost of auto insurance for seniors in Cypress, CA here.
Find Cheap Auto Insurance Rates in Cypress, CA by Coverage Level
The amount of coverage you choose is a big factor in the cost of Cypress, California auto insurance. Compare Cypress, CA auto insurance rates by coverage level.
Find Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance Rates by Commute
How long you’re in your car each day affects the cost of auto insurance in Cypress. Compare auto insurance rates in Cypress, CA by commute length to see how your daily commute impacts your rates.
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Find Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance Rates by Driving Record
Auto insurance rates in Cypress, California are impacted by your driving record. If you’re looking for lower bad driving record auto insurance rates in Cypress, CA, take a look at the average cost for various violations versus rates for a clean driving record in Cypress.
Find Cheap Cypress, CA Auto Insurance Rates After a DUI
The cost of DUI auto insurance in Cypress, California is higher than for a clean driving record. You can buy auto insurance after a DUI in Cypress for less when you shop around and compare rates from multiple Cypress, CA auto insurance companies.
Winners by Category: Where to Buy Cheap Auto Insurance in Cypress, CA
Compare rates from the cheapest auto insurance companies in Cypress, CA for your needs. Take a look at how Cypress, California auto insurance companies stack up for each category.
Find Cheap Cypress, California Auto Insurance Companies
If you’re looking for the cheapest Cypress, CA auto insurance companies overall, you can compare them here. Find the best price for Cypress, California car insurance by company.
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
What affects Cypress, California auto insurance rates?
Local factors affect auto insurance rates in Cypress, CA, including traffic, theft statistics, and commute length. Take a look at the things that impact Cypress auto insurance rates.
Auto Theft in Cypress
When auto theft rates go up, so do auto insurance rates. The FBI’s statistics for Cypress, CA auto theft show a total of 80 vehicle thefts annually.
Commute Times in Cypress
Drivers who spend more time on the road are at a higher risk of an accident. The average commute length in Cypress, CA is 31.9 minutes according to City-Data.
Compare Auto Insurance Quotes in Cypress, CA
You can buy cheap Cypress, CA auto insurance with confidence that you’re getting the best deal. Enter your ZIP code below for free Cypress, California auto insurance quotes from top companies.if { 0 } { Arjen Markus (13 july 2004) I have created a small package for dealing with polynomial functions: you can add, subtract, and multiply polynomial functions. You can divide a polynomial by another polynomial (with a remainder) and you can, of course, evaluate them at a particular coordinate.
The latter is not as simple as it may look at first. A naive computation like this:
f(x) = 1.0 + 2.0 * x + 3.0 * x**2 + 4.0 * x**3 + ... + 10.0 * x**9
may lead to very inaccurate results plus it uses far too many multiplications. Horner's rule can be used to improve the results:
f(x) = 1.0 + x * (2.0 + x * (3.0 + x * (4.0 + ... x * 10.0)))))))))
This is not however a guarantee to success: the various families of (classical) orthogonal polynomials, like Chebyshev and Legendre polynomials, cause significant trouble even with this rule, as kbk pointed out to me.
To appreciate how much trouble, let us do some experiments: }
# # Load the scripts for general and orthogonal polynomials # source polynomials.tcl source classic_polyns.tcl # # A simple polynomial: g(x) = (x-1.3)**20 # A second polynomial: h(x) = x*(x-1.1)*(x-2.1)*(x-3.1)*...*(x-19.1) # set f [::math::polynomials::polynomial {-1.3 1}] set g 1 set h 1 for {set i 0 } {$i < 20} {incr i} { set g [::math::polynomials::multPolyn $f $g] set h [::math::polynomials::multPolyn $h \ [::math::polynomials::polynomial [list [expr {-$i-0.1}] 1]]] } # # Some checks: # puts "Degree: [::math::polynomials::degreePolyn $g]" puts "Coefficients: [::math::polynomials::allCoeffsPolyn $g]" # # Evaluate g at x=1.3 in two ways - naively and via Horner # puts "g:" puts "x, \"exact\", naive, Horner -- relative errors" foreach x {0.1 0.2 0.3 0.5 1.0 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.6 2.0 5.0} { set result1 0.0 set power 0 foreach c [::math::polynomials::allCoeffsPolyn $g] { set result1 [expr {$result1+$c*pow($x,$power)}] incr power } set result2 [::math::polynomials::evalPolyn $g $x] set exact [expr {pow($x-1.3,20)}]] } } puts "h:" puts "x, \"exact\", naive, Horner -- relative errors" foreach x {0.1 0.2 0.3 0.5 1.01 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.6 2.1 5.1} { set result1 0.0 set power 0 foreach c [::math::polynomials::allCoeffsPolyn $h] { set result1 [expr {$result1+$c*pow($x,$power)}] incr power } set result2 [::math::polynomials::evalPolyn $h $x] set exact 1.0 for { set i 0 } { $i < 20 } { incr i } { set exact [expr {$exact*($x-$i-0.1)}] }] } } # # Check Legendre 2, 4, ..., 50 # puts "order (n), Pn(1), Pn(-1)" puts "expected: 1 and 1" for { set i 2 } { $i <= 50 } { incr i 2 } { set leg [::math::special::legendre $i] set p1 [::math::polynomials::evalPolyn $leg 1.0] set p2 [::math::polynomials::evalPolyn $leg -1.0] puts [format "%5d %20.12g %20.12g" $i $p1 $p2] }
The result is:
Degree: 20 Coefficients: 190.049637749 -2923.84058075 21366.5273209 -98614.7414812 322394.347149 -793586.085291 1526127.0871 -2347887.82631 2934859.78288 -3010112.59783 2547018.352 -1781131.71469 1027575.98924 -486426.503784 187087.11684 -57565.26672 13837.8045 -2504.58 321.1 -26.0 1.0 g: x, "exact", naive, Horner -- relative errors 0.10 3.833759992447e+01 3.833759992476e+01 3.833759992476e+01 -- 7.338657e-12 7.316973e-12 0.20 6.727499949326e+00 6.727499948326e+00 6.727499947888e+00 -- -1.486001e-10 -2.137647e-10 0.30 1.000000000000e+00 9.999999934125e-01 9.999999919215e-01 -- -6.587529e-09 -8.078473e-09 0.50 1.152921504607e-02 1.152913820723e-02 1.152913493922e-02 -- -6.664706e-06 -6.948161e-06 1.00 3.486784401000e-11 -1.930119685767e-05 -1.431931048046e-05 -- -5.535539e+05 -4.106748e+05 1.20 1.000000000000e-20 -1.147058508124e-04 -7.339982499843e-05 -- -1.147059e+16 -7.339982e+15 1.30 0.000000000000e+00 -2.580087965214e-04 -1.517559886679e-04 -- - - 1.40 1.000000000000e-20 -5.542161987933e-04 -2.977163204889e-04 -- -5.542162e+16 -2.977163e+16 1.60 3.486784401000e-11 -2.267025187393e-03 -9.986696039732e-04 -- -6.501765e+07 -2.864157e+07 2.00 7.979226629761e-04 -2.498599886894e-02 -6.362375005551e-03 -- -3.231381e+01 -8.973674e+00 5.00 2.312248366666e+11 2.312248356551e+11 2.312248368273e+11 -- -4.374473e-09 6.947283e-10 h: x, "exact", naive, Horner -- relative errors 0.10 -0.000000000000e+00 3.739352465198e+04 4.481800000000e+04 -- - - 0.20 -8.460014212631e+15 -8.460014212595e+15 -8.460014212587e+15 -- -4.224343e-12 -5.158266e-12 0.30 -1.154825498147e+16 -1.154825498143e+16 -1.154825498142e+16 -- -3.410039e-12 -3.675014e-12 0.50 -9.999185058306e+15 -9.999185058245e+15 -9.999185058266e+15 -- -6.050493e-12 -4.009927e-12 1.01 -7.137691193017e+14 -7.137691188577e+14 -7.137691192674e+14 -- -6.220714e-10 -4.806876e-11 1.20 4.923817795711e+14 4.923817806832e+14 4.923817796032e+14 -- 2.258555e-09 6.511969e-11 1.30 7.371226583915e+14 7.371226601609e+14 7.371226584225e+14 -- 2.400446e-09 4.204643e-11 1.40 8.035389574478e+14 8.035389602065e+14 8.035389574776e+14 -- 3.433108e-09 3.705436e-11 1.60 6.341259826947e+14 6.341259889764e+14 6.341259827225e+14 -- 9.906112e-09 4.386116e-11 2.10 -5.923385583628e-02 3.500333996906e+07 2.383600000000e+04 -- -5.909347e+08 -4.024060e+05 5.10 -3.774706499371e-03 8.557366072250e+09 3.909520000000e+05 -- -2.267028e+12 -1.035715e+08 order (n), Pn(1), Pn(-1) expected: 1 and 1 2 1 1 4 1.00000000002 1.00000000002 6 0.99999999994 0.99999999994 8 0.99999999992 0.99999999992 10 0.99999999907 0.99999999907 12 1.00000000349 1.00000000349 14 1.00000000299 1.00000000299 16 0.999999939378 0.999999939378 18 1.0000000112 1.0000000112 20 1.00000501373 1.00000501373 22 1.00001560093 1.00001560093 24 0.999974806438 0.999974806438 26 1.00033043498 1.00033043498 28 1.00687428185 1.00687428185 30 1.04755829826 1.04755829826 32 1.13065619275 1.13065619275 34 1.29242497941 1.29242497941 36 1.53122404724 1.53122404724 38 10.4985706725 10.4985706725 40 50.6674061331 50.6674061331 42 -504.307776538 -504.307776538 44 -971.900395524 -971.900395524 46 7574.82722195 7574.82722195 48 111470.061522 111470.061522 50 500314.6215 500314.6215
The overall conclusions:
TV (13 jul 04) Em, urh, well, the remarks starting of this page suggest things I don't really understand.
What's wrong with filling in a simple (for engineers)
N ---- \ i > a . x / i ---- i=0
For any moderate N? That's a matter of usually floating point or maybe rationals or in some cases integer precision, for which such a formula has a normal condition, nothing special, unless maybe N is large or X is large or the sheer number of i's makes the mantissa not acurate enough. I don't see the problem.
With respect to approximations by polynoms, I don't see your point, but I do know what an important point can be: using polynomal or power basis to approximate functions, direct polynomal approximation like in a spline approach can start oscilating and becoming unstable when the number of terms starts to grow. Higher power point-evaluation based polynomials are not good idea, and often of course as always it will depend on your problem: most natural problems do not by nature *have* higher orders in them, so trying to approximate by using higher powers is doomed to be inacurate by nature, or leave you with an approximation where you're trying to find higher order terms which you'd basically find to be zero.
As engineer one would know of course that one of the by far preferable approximation methods for many practical problems, and of great theoretical value, which in a sense can be seen to have polynomial results, is the Taylor Expansion.
I've mentioned this expansion being available in Maxima on the page about that package.
With respect to numerical accuracy in general: according to (as I remember vividly from a 1st year physics practicum) normal error propagation rules, one can compute what the maximum error is for a certain evaluation of a given formula, and then figure out if the number of bits in the mantissa of the floating point operations is sufficient. Doing that analysis to some depth would seem intesting, but then one would probably start with integers, and include a decent rounding analyis.
AM One thing that is "wrong" with the direct evaluation of a polynomial is the number of multiplications: O(N**2), whereas Horner's rule gives you O(N). Furthermore Taylor series have the somewhat unfortunate property to converge slowly for many functions. (Instead of Taylor series one often finds series of Chebyshev polynomials).
TV Than that is analysis-wise still wrong, because that is a matter of efficiency, which in e.g. computer graphics is the essential reasons to for certain purposes use horner. For the same accuracy, a refactoring can be interesting, and possibly, use of algebraics in terms of distributiveness, commutative, associative and substitutions cna greatly simplify a formula, or prevent inaccurate intermedeate approximations. Horner's rule is also efficient in terms of reusing previous iterations, but isn't more accurate, to my knowledge.
Not saying I don't appreciate or understand the value of other approximations then taylor, the mian reason for it's importance is that it guarantees a function's approximation will even be perfect when the degree of the approximated function is reached, it is intuitive enough for advanced mathamaticians, and even the absolute error bounds can be found.
Often polynomials are used as approximation, then you shouldn't confuse the error of the approximation, and the ways to reduce that error between the approximated function and the approximator, and the error in evaluating the approximation formula.
The source of errors in simply evaluating or computing the value for a polynomial is of course the rounding which takes place at each step of the computation. For instance a reason for inaccuracies in doing spline-like approximations with lagrange polynomials based on inaccurate sampling points is that intermedeate results tend to grow out of bounds. For instance because the data points are chosen such that it appears as if higher orders are present, which in some intermedeate sum or product may lead to large error magnidication in the approximator.
Basic (for engineers) error analyis can tell you beforehand how the above examples would run, and then have that problem properly analysed. That is maybe a bit more work, but more fundamental.
In the computer/digital domain, the digital error analysis shouldn't be confused with the inherent digital computations' inaccuracies, such as the inpreventable rounding when a floating or fixed point multiplication is fitted in a word smaller than the double width of the input words to the operations. And of course also in the digital domaain such error analysis is completely possible.
Mathematically, you'd want to use symbolic fractions, and possibly rationals to prevent most of the damge, the functions which you propose seem to have fixed structure, so it should be possible to do the analysis and solution synthesis once, and reuse it for different data relatively efficiently.
KBK - The problem with evaluating the orthogonal polynomials as polynomials in limited-precision arithmetic is that they are extraordinarily ill-conditioned. The x**n coefficient of the nth Chebyshev polynomial is 2**(n-1) - and yet the Chebyshev polynomials are known always to stay between zero and one on the unit interval, owing to delicate cancellation. Floating-point arithmetic is prone to trouble in such cases, where numbers opposite in sign but nearly equal in magnitude are added. The numerical analysts call the phenomenon "catastrophic loss of significance."
Horner's rule occasionally helps, because it tends to confine all arithmetic to operating on the same scales of magnitude. But for cases like Chebyshev series, you really need a custom evaluation procedure with rigorous error control. Using rationals in such a case doesn't help all that much, because you will usually want to evaluate
___ \ a T (x) / n n --- n>=0
for some unknown x - and the usual reason for representing a function as Chebyshev series is runtime efficiency. If you have to maintain the a's and evaluate the sum in unlimited precision, you've just lost that efficiency.
Fortunately, the orthogonal polynomial series are defined by simple recurrences, and Clenshaw's formula [L1 ] does help. There's an (oversimplified) treatment in Numerical Recipes [L2 ], and a Google for 'Clenshaw recurrence formula' turns up a lot, including programs that use Clenshaw for the discrete cosine transformation, the spherical harmonics, the Lagrange polynomials, and so on.Appreciated for its fast drying nature and color consistency, the new Diamine Prussian Blue Ink is a perfect choice for people who love to write fast. This well lubricated ink flows fluently from feed to the nib and offers a smooth and delicate writing experience. Comes in a beautiful 80ml glass bottle.
100% No-Risk Money-Back GuaranteeThis Maryland high school player profiles series is presented by the U.S. Army.
By Liz O’Connell, CountySportsZone.com
Miki Howson left her heart out on the court for Clarksburg High School.
A four-year girls’ basketball varsity player, Howson is among the top five in program history in three stat categories. She is No. 3 in assists (240), No. 3 in points scored in a single game (29 points), and she comes out on top for the most threes in a single game (seven).
In Howson’s final year, she came into her own as a player. She led the team in threes and free throws. She scored an impressive 322 points just this season, about 44 percent of her 726 career points.
Howson’s floor vision, basketball knowledge and competitiveness helped lead the team to back-to-back division championships plus a first-ever regional title.
The point guard showed she was an excellent perimeter shooter, zone buster and finisher, according to head coach Sissy Natoli. Howson paired that skill set with her leadership.
“As my head captain, she was outstanding as a terrific leader, role model and scholar-athlete,” Natoli said. “[She] united all of our players together as one and mentored her teammates whenever needed.”
Her next chapter will take her to Division III Gettysburg College, where she will continue to play basketball.
“We’re looking forward to her leaving her mark at Gettysburg as she did at Clarksburg,” Natoli said.311 Saint John St.
Havre de Grace, Maryland 21078
410-913-3826
cakes @sweeteatscakes.com
311 Saint John St Havre de Grace, MD 21078 cakes in Havre de Grace bakery
How much time in advance do I need to book my cake?
We like to have about 6 months notice to book a custom wedding cake and 1-2 weeks for custom specialty cakes. We can provide rush orders, if we have the date open.
If I want an over-the-top design, can you create it?
Sure, no problem! We can sit down with you and draw up some sketches to create your dream cake.
Do you ship cakes?
No, we currently do not ship our cakes. We provide wedding cake rentals to Maryland and some of the surrounding states.
Do you deliver?
Yes, and we offer free delivery to a variety of local venues. We deliver to Maryland, D.C., and Virginia area. We will deliver further just call and ask!
Can I have fresh flowers added to my cake?
Yes, you can have fresh flowers on your cake if you wish. you arrange the order with your florist, and we will arrange them on the cake. We also offer beautiful edible sugar flowers to adorn your cakes!
Is a deposit required when placing an order?
Yes, to secure the event date, Sweet Eats Cakes LLC will decline other cakes. The date of the event is considered “booked” upon receipt of a non-refundable deposit equal to 30% of the total— including value of the cake, delivery charges, and equipment rentals.
What is your refund/cancellation policy?
If the client cancels the order for any reason, save the death of client or of an immediate family member (parent, sibling, grandparent, children), these conditions apply:
1 Cancellations up to sixty (60) days in advance of your reception date, will receive a refund all of payments less the non- refundable retainer.
2 Cancellations between 60 and 14 days in advance will receive a 50% refund of all monies paid less the non-refundable retainer.
3 Cancellations after final payment, 14 days before your reception, forfeit all monies paid.This facility is aimed to support & strengthen the private sector in Sub-Saharan Africa. Blend Financial Services Limited acted as a sole advisor to the Regional Development Bank in Africa (“our Client”). The facility structured by our Alternate Capital Markets Team has helped strengthen “access to liquidity” to various companies, SME’s and smaller financial institutions in the region. This has enabled growth and expansion of activities, job creation and investments to address the challenges of the pandemic.
Our Alternate Capital Markets Team specializes in providing comprehensive fund-raising solutions for Financial Institutions & Sovereigns across emerging markets.
We cater to a spectrum of Financial Institutions such as developmental institutions, commercial banks, microfinance companies, equipment finance and leasing companies etc. for their short to long term funding requirements.
We are committed to providing the best possible funding solutions for our clients by generating capacities from a mix of our global distribution network of over 220+; origination & structuring capabilities and a strong knowledge base built over a successful track record of 24 years.
Blend is currently executing $ 2Bn+ mandates for over 40 Financial Institutions across Africa & Asia.Pompeii is super huge. And if you go there in the summer, it's also super hot. So eat your Wheaties, grab a hat and make sure you have access to water. You'll be doing a lot of walking in dusty ash-dirt and navigating rocky walkways so flip-flops will be quite literally be a flop. Instead, wear comfortable closed-toe shoes.
There is an audio tour you can rent that I'd suggest. Sadly, we didn't rent it, but later wished we had. Without the commentary, you'll miss out on a lot of notable information about Pompeii and the dwellings will all start to look the same.
You may notice on your walk that some of the more fragile embellishments of the city are missing (statues, urns and such). Don't fret ~ the Italians have placed the sacred items in the care of a museum, just a few miles away, in Naples.
But remember, while this museum features Pompeii particulars, it's not located in Pompeii, but within the city of Naples proper, just a short taxi and/or train ride from the Pompeii ruins.
If you're a ruin lover, make sure and visit Herculaneum when you're in the Naples area. It was another seaside city that was impacted by Vesuvius in 79 AD. Because of the unique way the city was covered in ash and mud (Pompeii suffered more directly), I found this particular ruin had some very intricate and unique artifacts.
for the love of : italyData is valuable: worldwide revenues for business analytics are expected to grow from $130 billion in 2016 to more than $203 billion in 2020.
But some companies remain unclear on the true capabilities offered by these analytics.
Despite all the resources brands typically allocate to the facts and figures generated by their business, many organizations fail to properly leverage this information in a way that fosters revenue-driving action.
In fact, according to Experian’s Global Data Management Benchmark Report, only 19 percent of US companies have optimized their data program with defined success criteria.
When data is only used for things like risk management, fraud prevention and compliance-related activities, its awesome potential is never realized and money is left on the proverbial table.
But business intelligence can also successfully tie profits and losses back to everything from promotional campaigns to the weather patterns affecting individual store sales.
With billions of dollars at stake and a worthwhile ROI on the line, it is time for brands to take a closer look at what the numbers are really trying to tell them.
At the root of this problem lies inertia.
Hindsight Over Insight
With the inception of business analytics came the “just show me what’s happening” mentality as owners and operators tried to wrap their minds around looking under the hood with a magnifying glass.
About a third of these leaders now concede they lack the knowledge, skills or staff to help them properly understand and manage their business intelligence programs.
As a result, many organizations rely on early approaches towards reviewing performance data that merely scratch the surface without any expectation of going deeper into uncovering and addressing the related implications.
'A Lack of Creativity'
There is also a general lack of creativity to blame.
The approach to analyzing numbers is often a black and white one that inhibits using them to tell colorful stories.
But in the right hands, data can be positioned to create a narrative that makes analytics an art form, melding tales of historical patterns with a prediction of the future, while including prescriptive, real-time recommendations for course-correcting troublesome factors.
Technological Barriers
The last culprit in this insight-blocking cocktail is technology. Until very recently, analysis did not move at the speed of business..
Pushing Data to Deliver
The key to unlocking the powerful potential of business intelligence is overcoming not only the silos that keep it fractured but also the typical delay in bringing it all together.
With the tremendous amount of information pouring in, it is not terribly surprising that 25 percent of organizations admit to struggling with managing either the volume or variety of data collected.
Too often, different departments or units report their revenues in ways that are never properly combined therefore unable to offer a 360-degree view of the business landscape.
The first step then to making data work for you at maximum capacity is to streamline everything gathered into one single source of truth with a synchronized process that is done in real-time.
Depending on the organization, that can be a lot of data. You can’t change what you can’t see so informed decision-making requires reporting from every available source.
For a large chain with hundreds of locations, this may mean billions of records including high-level marketing investments and operational costs all the way down to individual sales transaction details.
Ultimately, when there are actionable insights to gain that can deliver directly on growth initiatives, it is worth investing in an infrastructure that can quickly collect, clean and analyze incredible amounts of information.
In-House vs. Experts
The reason more companies have not pushed their analytics programs this far can be that it’s difficult to do correctly in-house as one out of every three businesses feel they lack the internal resources to assure the accuracy of what is collected.
Expertise on the subject of data collection is not innate to most organizations so establishing an internal team to lead a process refinement would be a difficult effort at best.
That’s why it is now common to outsource IT. Unless you run engineering for Dell, you probably aren’t in the position to ask any of your employees to fix their own computers.
Unless you’re a big data company, you likely need a third-party to properly crunch millions of numbers. Ideally, a third-party offering a platform which takes care of the integration, warehousing, benchmarking, analyzing, forecasting, and recommendation creation, because the fewer responsibilities on your company’s plate the more resources you can dedicate to acting on the insights generated.
Business intelligence has greatly evolved since the days of simply adding tabs to Excel spreadsheets to track the activities of a few different departments at once.
Now that you can include things like weather reports, marketing dollars and KPIs in the mix, there is simply too much information to be contained that easily.
To tell a good data story, you need all the chapters. And none of it can fall through the cracks.
The right way to make sure a return on your analytics investment is to enlist a platform able to collect, synthesize and distill vast amounts of information, returning it to you in a way that makes it easy to act on with high-level learnings that contribute to the bottom line.Effect of nickel contamination on soil enzymatic activities
J. Wyszkowska, J. Kucharski, E. Boros J., Kucharski J., Boros E. (2005): Effect of nickel contamination on soil enzymatic activities. Plant Soil Environ., 51: 523-531.
The effect of soil contamination with nickel applied in the doses of 100, 200, 300 and 400 mg Ni/kg of soil on the activity of dehydrogenases, urease and acid and alkaline phosphatase was studied in a pot experiment. Heavy loamy sand and silty light loam were used in the experiment that comprised of two series: with spring barley cultivation and without plant cultivation. The enzyme activity was determined on day 14, 28, 42 and 56 of the experiment. Based on the study, it was found that soil contamination with nickel applied as NiCl2.6 H2O decreased the activity of dehydrogenases, urease and acid and alkaline phosphatase. This decrease was determined by the applied dose of this metal. Nickel exhibited a stronger effect on the soil with spring barley cultivation than on the unsown soil. In the heavy loamy sand sown with spring barley, more than 50% inhibition of the activity of dehydrogenases was caused by 300 and 400 mg Ni contamination, and in the case of urease by 200, 300 and 400 mg Ni/kg of soil. In the silty light loam sown with spring barley, more than 50% decrease in the activity of dehydrogenases and alkaline phosphatase was observed under 400 mg Ni contamination. The inhibition of the other enzyme activities did not exceed 50%. Urease and alkaline phosphatase exhibited a higher activity in the heavier soil, whereas dehydrogenases and acid phosphatase exhibited a higher activity in the lighter soil. In the nickel-free soil, spring barley cultivation had a positive effect on the enzyme activity and a positive correlation between the spring barley yield and the activity of dehydrogenases, urease and acid and alkaline phosphatase was observed.Keywords:
soil contamination; nickel; spring barley; enzyme activity; dehydrogenases; urease; acid phosphatase; alkaline phosphataseVinyl
By Sam Stone Leave a CommentThe first disc of this collection, due on December 16 from Columbia Records, includes an array of artists saluting Bennett, including many of his famous friends and duet partners such as Lady Gaga ("The Lady is a Tramp," "La Vie en Rose"), k.d. lang ("A Kiss to Build a Dream On"), Diana Krall ("I've Got the World on a String"), Stevie Wonder ("Visions"), Elton John (his Lion King smash "Can You Feel the Love Tonight"), Kevin Spacey ("The Very Thought of You/If I Ruled the World") and Rufus Wainwright ("I Can't Give You Anything But Love"). In addition, Tony himself is heard with Billy Joel on "New York State of Mind" s well as on five solo selections including "The Best is Yet to Come" and, naturally, "I Left My Heart in San Francisco." This disc will be available as a stand-alone single-CD edition.
The second disc of the Deluxe Edition has 20 rarities, ten of which are previously unreleased. This disc features the singer's earliest recordings as Joe Bari, his 1953 recording of "Close Your Eyes" with The Pastels, "Day Dream" with A-list jazzmen Herbie Hancock, Stan Getz, Ron Carter, Elvin Jones and Bob Brookmeyer, and a host of tracks identified as previously unissued. These include Mel Tormé's "I Got the Gate on the Golden Gate" (a version of which was sung by Bennett on his 1964 album Who Can I Turn To), "It's a Sin to Tell a Lie" (a version of a track from 1964's When Lights Are Low), "We Mustn't Say Goodbye" (also recorded by Bennett for a 1960 single), "I've Waited for a Waltz," "Vanity," "The Heart That Broke Was Mine," "Love You Madly," and more. It's not clear as of this writing if the versions of previously issued songs are alternate versions or wholly new recordings.
The third disc of the collection offers a cross-section of lesser-known Bennett favorites including Antonio Carlos Jobim's "Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars," Cy Coleman and Carolyn Leigh's "Firefly," Charles Strouse and Lee Adams' "Once Upon a Time," Rodgers and Hart's "Blue Moon," Cole Porter's "From This Moment On," and many more from the Great American Songbook.
Both editions of the CD include a 28-page booklet with essays from luminaries and historians. Tony Bennett Celebrates 90 follows the November 15 release of Bennett's fifth book, Just Getting Started. For Tony, that's certainly true. You can pre-order Tony Bennett Celebrates 90, set for December 16 release, at the links below!
Tony Bennett Celebrates 90 (Columbia, 2016)
Standard Edition (CD 1): Amazon U.S. / Amazon U.K. / Amazon Canada
Amazon-Exclusive Deluxe Edition (CDs 1-3): Amazon U.S. / Amazon U.K. / Amazon Canada
CD 1
- The Lady is a Tramp - Lady Gaga
- The Good Life - Michael Bublé
- Ave Maria - Andrea Bocelli
- Autumn Leaves - Leslie Odom, Jr.
- I've Got the World on a String - Diana Krall
- New York State of Mind - Tony Bennett and Billy Joel
- I Can't Give You Anything But Love - Rufus Wainwright
- A Kiss to Build a Dream On - k.d. lang
- Visions - Stevie Wonder
- La Vie en Rose - Lady Gaga
- Can You Feel the Love Tonight - Elton John
- The Very Thought of You/If I Ruled the World - Kevin Spacey
- Who Cares? - Tony Bennett
- The Best is Yet to Come - Tony Bennett
- I Left My Heart in San Francisco - Tony Bennett
- I Got Rhythm - Tony Bennett
- How Do You Keep the Music Playing? - Tony Bennett
- Happy Birthday - Stevie Wonder
CD 2
- Fascinatin' Rhythm - Tony Bennett as Joe Bari
- James Infirmary Blues - Tony Bennett as Joe Bari with the 314th Army Special Services Band of the European Theatre
- Vieni Qui (Come to Me) - Tony Bennett as Joe Bari with Pat Easton
- We Mustn't Say Goodbye (*)
- Close Your Eyes - with The Pastels
- A Blossom Fell
- Something's Gotta Give
- Whatever Lola Wants
- Heart
- Imagination - with Ralph Sharon, piano (*)
- It's a Sin to Tell a Lie (*)
- The Heart That Broke Was Mine (*)
- Vanity (*)
- You Can't Love 'Em All
- Day Dream - with Herbie Hancock, Stan Getz, Ron Carter, Elvin Jones & Bob Brookmeyer
- I've Waited for a Waltz (*)
- Got the Gate on the Golden Gate (*)
- This Is All I Ask - with John Bunch, piano (*)
- (I've Got) Beginner's Luck - with The Ralph Sharon Trio (*)
- Love You Madly (*)
CD 3
- The Lady's in Love with You
- Georgia Rose
- Limehouse Blues
- I've Got Just About Everything I Need
- Don't Wait Too Long
- Pennies from Heaven
- Blue Moon
- From This Moment On
- Don't Get Around Much Anymore
- Country Girl
- Broadway
- Days of Love
- I'm Way Ahead of the Game
- Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars
- Firefly
- Once Upon a Time
- Chicago (That Toddlin' Town)
- Lullaby of Broadway
Sony goofed on Disc 2, track 4 of this set. It's supposed to be "We Mustn't Say Goodbye," but is actually "Have a Good Time," which is not a previously unreleased track.
For that matter, "We Mustn't Say Goodbye" wasn't "unreleased." It *was* released by Columbia in 1954 as a give-away "Priceless Edition" record, 4-PE 6, part of a promotion for those who bought a Columbia needle for their phonograph. The flip side is "Close Your Eyes," with Bennett and the Pastels, included among the "Rarities" of the "Complete" Bennett boxed set.
Thanks so much, Max! I've only listened to the first disc so far - much appreciated. an address to a gathering of teachers in Tehran.
Taking a swipe at the US Congress for plans against Iran’s naval drills, the Leader added, “Today, the enemies are biting off more than they can chew. For example, they draw plans that Iran should not hold military war games in the Persian Gulf.”
Imam Khamenei stressed that the great Iranian nation can respond to all those excessive demands, stressing, “We must be present in that region (the Persian Gulf), hold war games and demonstrate power.”
By Tasnim News AgencyKatie's Cats Fabric | Hearts Grey
Katie's Cats from Makower UK is the most whimsical cat fabric collection in a rainbow of colours. Create fun apparel, bags, pillows and quilts!
The collection features a lovely touch of metallic detailing.
Stitch with Empress Cotton Quilting Thread.
Save 10% Off the usual thread price when you 'add a matching thread' below!.General Summary
The marketing lead is responsible for the project management and implementation of tactical marketing initiatives for Accrualify. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated with excellent cross-cultural communication skills, as well as excellent writing and copy-editing abilities. Affiliation with Salesforce.com and marketing automation tools is required. As this position relies heavily on working with a remote team, time flexibility is important to meet during normal work hours and alternative hours as needed. The Marketing lead is expected to establish Accrualify’s marketing direction and lead all internal and external marketing initiatives. This position will be responsible for marketing materials, product marketing brochures, upsell efforts, social media, blog posts, email campaigns, and all aspects of the company’s marketing and media efforts including creation of unique graphically appealing marketing material and collateral. This position requires a strong creative background with a Bachelors degree in marketing or related field from a nationally accredited educational institution or commensurate industry experience. In an environment of reduced supervision, the Marketing Lead will exercise independent discretion and judgment in developing and managing the organizations branding, marketing, communication and social media efforts. This position will be a strong contributor for our website and all outward facing materials.
Knowledge/Skills 1. Strong creative skills within a corporate environment . 2. Effective written and verbal communication skills are necessary to present relevant information to management. 3. Strong personal computer skills (Adobe,Excel, Word and PowerPoint). 4. Strong interpersonal and partnering skills to develop working relationships with partners across operating business and support functions. 6. Demonstrated ability to drive change and improve processes.
7. Self motivator and ambition is highly desirable.
8. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Wordpress, Webflow, Salesforce, Canva – required
9. Strong project management to establish and execute on timelines and cross departmental involvement.
Essential Functions and Duties:
looks for a Marketing Analyst in San Mateo, CA 94401 location.
The proposed salary for Social Media Analyst Jobs positionHow looking after your marketing data can help protect Privacy, and deliver ads people actually want to see.
With GDPR now in force, it's critical that marketers protect the data held on people. A happy side-effect of this process is that these same tight data controls can help us deliver better marketing for end consumers.
While we can't offer legal advice on GDPR, here are a few best practice ideas form our clients that could help you deliver great marketing, whilst staying GDPR compliant. These best practice marketing tips are specifically based on advertising for Facebook, LinkedIn, Google, Instagram, Messenger or Snapchat campaigns.
The ICO offers offers detailed guidance on how to keep compliant. Make sure you read everything carefully, but here are a few best practice areas to prioritise as a marketer.
Ensuring you ask for clear consent when collecting personal data is a requirement under GDPR. However, this is just great practice anyway. As a marketer our goal is to reach the right audience with the right message. Ensuring that people understand the value exchange for why they are sharing their data means that we build an audience of people who truly care about our offering.
In addition to making it clear what people are opt-ing in for, we also have a requirement to change the way we process people's data. This means that if someone opts out of marketing communications, we need to respect request.
Again, this is just simple, best practice marketing we should all be doing anyway. Theres no point sending emails or other communication to people who don't want to receive it. Perhaps the reasons for subscribing in the first place change, or perhaps they just don't enjoy the content. Either way, focus on delivering brilliant content to people who want to read it.
The same goes for ads. If someone opt-in to receive communication through advertising platforms like Facebook Custom Audiences, then we need to ensure that if they no longer consent, that we can remove them from the audience.
Driftrock's audience sync technology can help remove people who unsubscribe automatically helping you only reach people who want to see ads based on the data you hold on them.
Another important part of The GDPR is allowing people to completely delete any data held on them. Again, this is simply good practice marketing anyway.
For most businesses this should be as simple as deleting records from your CRM. However, we have a responsibility to delete data from all the systems that it exists on. Ensure that you have processes and technology in place to delete this data in all the places it exists.
A good idea is to map out all your marketing touch points, vendors and marketing channels. Look at where data flows, and ensure that you have processes in place to quickly remove that data from all those places. While this might seem daunting, technology like Customer Data Platforms are helping marketers solve this challenge at scale.
At Driftrock we've added features to our technology platform that ensure that we can delete any data that we Process on behalf of our clients if requested. It's a good idea to make sure the vendors you work with have similar features and that you understand how to do that when required.Today’s sharing economy is characterized by the co-production of consumers, which offers a lot of new opportunities to companies that can exploit new ways of generating revenue (Dellaert, 2018). One of the promising trends that can be seen in our sharing economy is the increasing popularity of ridesharing practices (Statista, n.d.; McKinsey, 2017). More and more drivers decide to fill up their empty car seats and offer these spots on online ridesharing platforms to a growing number of riders. One of the early companies that successfully established its business model around ridesharing practices is Carpooling.com. Moreover, this company was in 2012 world’s largest ridesharing provider. However, only three years later Carpooling.com seized to exist and was acquired and folded into its competitor BlaBlaCar.
So… what went wrong? How could such a large and powerful platform go down so quickly?
Timeline
Carpooling.com was created in 2001 by three innovative MBA students in Munich (Kite-Powell, 2012). These students captured the opportunity of an unmet need that existed in the automobile market. Moreover, gas prices were rising, congestion was worsening, and the majority of car owners was mostly driving in their car alone. To address these factors, Carpooling.com was launched with the idea to offer a platform through which drivers and riders are connected. Drivers could post their empty seats online and riders could book these seats. Consequently, drivers were driving less times by themselves, resources were shared, and an impressive impact was made on the CO2 emission (Jalali et al., 2017). For example, in 2011 the platform service saved drivers 27 million gallons of gas and prevented a CO2 emission of 205,000 tons (Kite-Powell, 2012).
In 2007, the platform was the largest carpooling platform of Germany. At this moment in time, the main revenue stream of the company came from advertising and key partnerships with associations or companies that were involved into the car industry (e.g. ADAC, the German automobile club). In 2009, the company received a capital injection and expanded its scope to other European countries. The company continued to grow due to the economic crisis, the improvement of mobile technology, and the emerging trend of the sharing economy. All of these factors increased the popularity of ridesharing and consequently led Carpooling.com to become the world’s largest provider of car-sharing services in 2012. In the following years, the company started some partnerships with the focus on sustainability and received another capital injection for its expansion towards the United States.
This sounds like a story similar to companies such as Facebook or Amazon that usually end with the facts on how great the company is doing at the moment (Haucap & Heimeshoff, 2013). However, in 2015, Carpooling.com got sold to its competitor BlaBlaCar, only three years after establishing its position as global leader. The question at hand is what mistakes the company made in order for it to go down so quickly; the answer can be found in some destructive adjustments in its business model.
Business model
Carpooling.com offered a platform at which drivers and riders were connected. Riders could choose which driver they wanted to join and could select from a variety of features, such as car size, comfort, and price. After each ride, drivers and riders could rate each other, building up a profiles of two-way reviews. According to Shen et al. (2015), a high rating results in increased attention and a better reputation; consequently, drivers and riders with a higher rating were more likely to be accepted for a certain ride. Furthermore, the users could use an in-app service that offered rides by public transport as a final step to get to their destination.
Revenue was generated through two different streams (Boyd, 2012). First of all, the company earned money by personalizing its software for bigger companies that wanted to use the service for their employees. The second income stream came from advertising, which was by far the largest revenue generator. Moreover, due to the large two-sided network effects that Carpooling.com was enjoying, the company’s user base kept growing and its website, on which ads were shown, was frequently visited by high numbers of users (Parker et al., 2005).
In 2013, Carpooling.com introduced a new revenue model in which a third income stream was added (Täuscher & Kietzmann, 2017). Moreover, the company became ‘greedy’ and started to charge its users a small fee per ride; this changed everything. Previously, payments were done in person after the ride. However, to be able to collect money from its users, the company now insisted that all users register themselves and pay the price of the ride up front and online. This led to a decrease in the perceived ease of use of the platform, because users had to put more effort in to book or sell their rides (Venkatesh & Bala, 2008). Consequently, a lot of clamor emerged on the platform and users heavily complained about the fact that a previously free service suddenly had been given a price label.
According to King et al. (2014), the importance of electronic word-of-mouth cannot be underestimated. Moreover, as a consequence of the dispersion of negative online posts about the company and the decreased user satisfaction, an initially gradient downstream of users started to appear who switched over to alternative carpooling sites. This downstream became increased rapidly, due to a loss of two-sided network effects (Parker et al., 2005). The less drivers that were active on the platform, the less riders could use carpooling services and vice versa. Consequently, Carpooling.com lost a large share of its users which weakened the company and made it vulnerable to the takeover from its main competitor BlaBlaCar.
Lessons learned
The case of Carpooling.com is a school example of having the wrong priorities and underestimating the power electronic word-of-mouth in our sharing economy. Consumer co-production offers many opportunities to companies and the ones that manage to exploit this successfully, receive high customer satisfaction and loyalty, and can enjoy terrific profits (Edvardsson et al., 2000). However, companies these days should prioritize their business focus on their customer, because customers have a great, potentially devastating, influence on the life expectancy of a firm.
References:
Boyd, C. (2012). Carpooling the German way. PRI’s the World. Available from
Dellaert, B.G.C. (2018). The consumer production journey: Marketing to consumers as co-producers in the sharing economy. Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, pp. 1-17. Available from
Edvardsson, B., Johnson, M.D., Gustafsson, A. & Strandvik, T. (2000). The effects of satisfaction and loyalty on profits and growth: Products versus services. Total Quality Management, Vol. 11, Issue: 7, pp. 917-927. Available from
Haucap, J. & Heimeshoff, U. (2014). Google, Facebook, Amazon, eBay: Is the Internet driving competition or market monopolization? International Economics and Economic Policy, Vol. 11, Issue: 1-2, pp. 49-61. Available from
Jalali, R., Koohi-Fayegh, S., El-Khatib, K., Hoornweg, D. & Li, H. (2017). Investigating the potential of ridesharing to reduce vehicle emissions. Urban Planning, Vol. 2, Issue: 2, pp. 26-40. Available from
Käuscher, K. & Kietzmann, J. (2017). Learning from failures in the sharing economy. Management Information Systems Quarterly Executive, Vol. 16, Issue: 4, pp. 253-263. Available from
King, R.A., Racherla, P. & Bush, V.D. (2014). What we know and don’t know about online word-of-mouth: A review and synthesis of the literature. Journal of Interactive Marketing, Vol. 28, pp. 167-183. Available from
Kite-Powell, J. (2012). Germany’s Carpooling.com proves rideshare works. Forbes. Available from
McKinsey (2017). Cracks in the ridesharing market – and how to fill them. McKinsey Quarterly. Available from
Parker, G.G. & Van Alstyne, M.W. (2005). Two-sided network effects: A theory of information product design. Management Science, Vol. 51, Issue: 10, pp. 1449-1592. Available from
Shen, W., Hu, Y.J. & Ulmer, J.R. (2015). Competing for attention: An emperical study of online reviewers’ strategic behavior. MIS Quarterly, Vol. 39, Issue: 3, pp. 683-696. Available from’_Strategic_Behavior
Statista (n.d.). Ridesharing services in the U.S. – Statistics & Facts. Webstite Statista. Retrieved at 11-03-2019 from
Venkatesh, V. & Bala, H. (2008). Technology acceptance model 3 and a research agenda on interventions. Decision Sciences, Vol. 39, Issue: 2, pp. 273-315. Available fromCHATHAM – Firefighters in Chatham were called to a car fire in the area of 337 Main Street late Thursday just as First Night revelers were starting to file into town. Chatham Police tweeted this photo of the BMW showing how close to a house it was. No injuries were reported.
Photo courtesy of Chatham Police
Speak Your MindWin.
Mary's Sweet Emporium Details
Address: 23a Market Place, Warwick, Warwickshire, CV34 4SA
Telephone: +44 (0)7777651567
Website:
About Mary's Sweet Emporium
Specialising in serving a delicious selection of traditional sweets from glass jars, which allows customers to have as much or as little as the want, we also endeavour to make every visit a memorable experience. The emporium stocks everything from old school favourites like Rhubarb & Custard, Rosey Apples and Flying Saucers, through to imported American candies, to the best range of Sugar-Free sweets in the area, Mega Sours, and an extensive selection of Liquorice. The current best seller here is the Wonka Bar, which could win you the chance to grab as many sweets as you can in a minute - current champion £85 worth!Nature and Garden Bingo or Scavenger Hunt
Download the player cards and the call cards.
Spiders in the Garden
Leaf Exploration
A Walk in the Rain: What Can You Discover About Water?
Using all your senses, experience and identify parts of the water cycle while learning about your watershed. Follow the rain after it falls, locate storm drains, and decide if the water in your watershed is clean. Ideal timing: September – February. Download the entire lesson or individual activities.
Pinecones Are NOT Fruit! But They Are Prehistoric!
Using cones, learn how to identify native conifers, and the fascinating natural history of these local trees. Then search for these trees and their cones as you walk in, your neighborhood, the woods or local park. Create a pinecone bird feeder, experiment on a curious cone phenomenon, and more. Ideal timing: September – February. Download the entire lesson or individual activities.
Plants Have Plumbing! The Proof Is in the Twig.
Using diagrams and pictures, learn to identify twigs of local leafless trees. Then, go outside to find these trees and discover proof of their “plumbing”. Finally, create a dragon fly using twigs and other natural material. Ideal timing: November – February. Download the entire lesson or individual activities.
Seeds Are Promises Ready to Sprout!
Split open a seed to discover it wears a protective coat covering a tiny root, leaves, and a lunchbox of food. Plant seeds so that you can watch the root, stem and leaves emerge. Then plant a bunch of seeds to create creatures with “hair” that you can actually cut and style. Ideal timing: For Scavenger Hunt, February; for Seed Creatures, anytime. Download the entire lesson or individual activities.
Where Would We Be Without Bees?
Differentiate bees and flies, as well as “social” bees (honeybees) and “solitary” bees (mason bees). Appreciate the important roll bees play in pollination. Get outside frequently in March and April to observe mason bees work. Then create a mason bee nesting house, and more. Ideal timing: March. Download the entire lesson or individual activities.
Greenhouses, Atmosphere, Carbon and Climate
Have you ever hopped into a car after it had been sitting in the Sun on a hot day? It was really warm inside, wasn’t it! The car was acting like a “greenhouse.” Learn more about greenhouses, the atmosphere, carbon and climate. Ideal timing: For Seed Starting, spring, summer; otherwise, anytime. Download the entire lesson or individual activities.
Flowers… The Ultimate Advertisement for A Plant and Welcome Mat for Pollinators
Would you believe that plants have the best marketing tool ever?! Yep, and they are flowers. For the last 200 million years or so, flowering plants, called angiosperms, have been selling their products to whatever buzzed, flapped, or crawled by. They are selling pollen and nectar to pollinators, and pollinators pay them back by doing chores—using their beak, tongue, or fuzzy bodies to move pollen around. Ideal timing: Spring and Summer. Scavenger Hunt is best in Spring. Download the entire lesson or individual activity sheets.Mobile Monday
Mobile Monday: Strategies for Ad Spend on Android, Esports on Mobile, and Hypercasual Hits 3.5 Billion Downloads
Every week, Digital Turbine, AdColony, and Fyber are teaming up to give you the latest news and insights in the mobile world. In this edition of Mobile Monday, Digital Turbine dives into strategy for ad spend on Android, AdColony explores the rise of esports on the mobile platform, and Fyber showcases the growth of hypercasual games and how they benefit publishers and advertisers. Learn all about these stories in this week’s Mobile Monday!
Just DrOid It
Due to Apple’s privacy changes leading to 2 out of 3 consumers opting out of tracking, Android has seen a 10% increase in ad spend. But simply shifting spending to Android shouldn’t be done in a vacuum. This article in App Developer magazine lays out some data-backed sound strategies for how to spend money wisely on Android. Looking into a survey of 100 thousand U.S. consumers, the article gives insights like:
- Certain categories are more lucrative – The research reveals that popular app categories such as streaming media, pop culture, games, and productivity may find more success with Android users than iOS.
- Focus on deals and loyalty – While Android users tend to be more price-conscious, advertisers can turn that into an advantage by focusing their campaigns on promotions and loyalty programs.
- Focus on more than social – Compared to iOS, Android users are much less likely to be scrolling on Facebook and other social media platforms. So while you shouldn’t eschew them entirely, your campaigns should span other methods like on-device notifications, wizards, preloads, influencer marketing, or in-app ads.
In short, if you are one of the advertisers shifting spend to Android, take a moment to understand the nuanced differences in Android users and test different solutions accordingly.
Mobile Gaming as a Gateway to Esports
Esports is not what it used to be. If you picture someone in a dark room playing a video game on an old, desktop computer, your idea of esports is outdated. According to the latest Forbes article, esports is growing rapidly, and by operating on the mobile platform, endless opportunities will arise that can greatly evolve the industry. So say goodbye to the old stereotype, and welcome esports as a channel to engage with consumers of all types.
While esports became even more popular in the last year, esports on mobile, specifically, also saw significant growth as consumers can play anywhere and access tournaments, games, and more, at any time. In fact, Arnd Benninghoff, Executive Vice President at Modern Times Group, relayed that, “‘In 2020, across all esports titles, four of the top five games were mobile.’”
With more consumers than ever, across the globe, looking to mobile games for entertainment and fun, what’s to stop them from entering into esports as well, if they’re not already? Consumers will be able to access teams, tournaments, and social interactions through gaming anywhere, anytime with a mobile device. What’s more, as consumers look forward to going to esports events in-person, mobile devices can be utilized in that space as well to allow for more engagement and social interaction between players, teams, fans, and viewers. With the growth of esports and mobile leading an industry evolution, brands and advertisers should be on high alert for opportunities to reach consumers of all ages, demographics, locations, and more, through esports.
Hypercasual Leads with 3.5 Billion Downloads in Q3
The success of hypercasual is undeniable. From being considered the underdog of the gaming genres (or not really a genre at all), the bite-sized games have won in popularity and claimed the winning spot as the “number one global genre” in the third quarter of the year, with over 3.5 billion downloads!
According to App Annie – action, puzzle, and simulation lead the sub-genres pack with the most downloads. It’s worth mentioning that while some commentators in the industry saw the iOS privacy changes as doomsday for hypercasual, the genre remained resilient, exceeded growth expectations, and is not showing signs of slowing down.
After captivating a large audience, the low production cost allows hypercasual developers to produce and roll out new titles at a rapid pace. The genre’s business model is 95% in-app ads driven. Whether it’s a banner ad, interstitial, or rewarded video, you’ll find it in a hypercasual game. This is a lucrative stream for publishers, and advertisers win a slice of the pie too with reaching a broad audience of all ages and interests. Users themselves understand that in-app advertising is part of the deal, and this does not shy them away from the ‘play, watch an ad, repeat’ core loop.
All in all, this genre came to the app stores to win, and it looks like it knows exactly how to do that..Beautiful Bude...
Each year Bude-Stratton Town Council offers businesses the option of purchasing hanging baskets to display outside their shops and premises as part of Bude in Bloom.
This initiative is a fantastic way of bringing the town together ready for the busy summer season and showcases our beautiful town to the many visitors ever year.
The cost of each basket includes:
- Preparation and planting of the basket
- Checking of existing/supply of new bracket
- All watering and maintenance during the season
- Removal and disposal
We are hoping to be able to offer Bude in Bloom in 2021 again, prices will be updated here in due course.
Follow us on Facebook for the latest news regarding Bude in Bloom and our facilities team, or sign up to our monthly newsletter.2020 AD ART SHOW: MvVO Initiative Takes Art To The Next Level
Even the coronavirus pandemic can't stop art.
While the dreaded virus is still present all around the world, MvVO Art is responding in the best way possible by holding a virtual opener and tour of their 2020 AD ART SHOW.
Even more amazing, renowned fashion designer, TV personality, director and photographer Brandon Maxwell will be gracing the event in a virtual reception in its opening at the at the Westfield World Trade Center in New York City this September 1.
Maxwell is one of the judges in the Bravo TV show Project Runway, alongside fashion journalist Nina Garcia and Teen Vogue Editor in Chief Elaine Welteroth. The show was hosted by supermodel Karlie Kloss.
The 2020 AD ART SHOW is a contemporary art show that will feature paintings, photography, sculptures and mixed media by talented artists. The works of all the artists involved in the project will be shown in a "spectacular New York City setting."
Through the show, fans will be able to discover new and up-and-coming artists and their early works, with the opportunity to acquire their works early.
To make things more interesting, MvVO Art will be giving a specialty Clio Award for the winner of the event.
The art show will run through the whole month of September at the Oculus in the Westfield World Trade Center, so people who want to visit in person will have enough time to plan everything. However, it is worth noting that wearing masks and observing proper social distancing is needed amid the COVID-19 crisis.
The schedule of the event, including the daily opening time, can be found on the MvVO Art website.
AD ART SHOW is now in its third year after its inaugural season in 2018. According to MvVO, the event is a "groundbreaking juried art exhibition" that features "artworks by artists from around the world." The mission of the show is to provide "artists with more exposure to the art world, art lovers, collectors and to the public at large!"
READ MORE: All Star Code: Charity Event Raises $660,000 to Aid Men of ColorRenew your Thai drivers license in Chiang Mai.
Category : Tips/Tricks , Uncategorized
As of March 2016
For those of you that stay long term in Chiang Mai or Thailand in general, you’ll need to apply for a local license after 3 months. Your first license will be probationary and good for 2 years. After that, you can renew your Thai drivers license to a standard license good for 5 years (closer to 6yrs) at a time.
Temp/Probationary Thai DL
There are plenty of posts out there detailing how to get your first license, but this post is aimed at those long-term residents looking to renew their Thai drivers license.
General Requirements:
- Greater* than 2 year on a probationary license or expiring 5 yr DL. (*Greater, as in you can not renew until the day after your first license has expired!)
- Non-Imm visa. You can not renew for a 5 year license on a tourist visa. (You can get another 2yr Temp DL on a tourist visa)
- Proof of residency (either a Cert. of Residency, Yellow Book, or Work Permit)
- Medical Exam
- Cash – 500B for car license, 250B for motorbike license.
Where to start?
Prove that you live in Thailand.
You must show proof of living in Thailand using a Work Permit, Yellow Book, or Resident Certificate.
If you have a work permit or yellow book, you already know what they are and know what to do with it. For others, read below.
The Resident Certificate:
- Take your rental agreement, your passport, and some cash to the Promenada Mall. The new immigration office takes up a whole side of the ground floor in building A.
- Find the G4T office ( or whatever the current name may be) near the local eateries. You will need to fill out the application, include 2 pictures, and copies of the front page, entry card, and current visa from your passport. Conveniently, there is a copy shop next door that does both. (tip: you only need 1 Res. Cert. If you are renewing 2 licenses, you can make a copy)
- Pay 500THB for the service and come back the next afternoon (2pm- 4pm) to pick it up. ( You can do it for free at the actual immigration office, but may be forced to wait a month for the free service)
Prove you are alive and well
You will need to prove you are healthy enough to sit for an hour long refresher course.
- Choose any local clinic or hospital and let them know you need an exam to renew your Thai drivers license.
- Fill out all the basic forms and wait to see the doctor.
- The doctor will ask if you are well (hint: the answer should be YES)
- They will also check your breathing with a stethoscope.
- Congrats! As long as you have the 100THB – 200THB to pay for the document, you passed!(tip: you only need 1 Med. Cert. If you are renewing 2 licenses, you can make a copy)
Now for the fun part: The Motor Vehicles Office!
The Motor Vehicle office is open Monday – Friday. Click here for a map: Chiang Mai Motor Vehicle
#1 – Arrive before 8:30am. Go directly to the Information Desk on the 2nd Floor (upstairs). They will give you your renewal forms and tell you what copies you need.
Information Office
#2 – Go directly to the back and get copies as necessary. You will need 1 for each license: passport front page, resident certificate, and health check. If you are renewing 2 licenses, make a copy of each.
Copy Shop – All the way in the back.
#3 – Take you application, copies, passport, etc to counter 21 or 22. ( first two counters to the right as you come upstairs. They will go through your documents and make sure everything is there.
Starting Counter
#4 – Proceed to counter 27 or 28. They will take your documentation and tell you to move on to the lecture room (large room with TV)
Eye Test/Reaction Test Area
#5 – Proceed to the lecture room (Thais: Sit as close to the door as possible!!!). In a few minutes a proctor will come in and ask you to return to Counter 27 – 28 for some tests.(See Above) (Thais: Leave something at your seat to reserve it before leaving the lecture/TV room!!!)
TV room is in the back
#6 – They will herd you all into the back or counter 27 and do a color/vision test. I’ve never been asked to do a reaction test for a DL renewal. Once finished, they will ask all to find your documents (all will be laid out on a nearby table) For foreigners, you will be asked if you understand enough Thai to sit through the video. This is not the time to be proud, say NO! Trust me on this.
#7 – Thais will be returned to the main lecture/TV hall and will have to sit through a refresher video of about 1 hour. (Hopefully, you returned to your seat close to the door.) Foreigners will be sat in another room and given an option to watch a video in English, Japanese, Chinese or Spanish. (FYI for foreigners, they will keep your documents at counter 27. Remember to come back for it here)
Computer room for Foreigners
#8 – In about an hour the proctor will return and shut off the TV. You will be told to walk back out and get a queue number from the Information Desk (same desk as in #1). This is why it is key to sit close to the door. You can get queue #1 and be finished in about 15 mins. If you sat in the back you may be queue #80+ and sit outside waiting for a few hours. (Foreingers, see the picture above. You will be able to see through the glass while watching your video and know when they Thai class is getting out. You will need to leave immediately and get a queue number first. Then go straight to counter 27 – 28 and get your documents.
The wait
#9 – When called, you will be told to come up and pay for the license(s) and any other fees necessary (address change, late renewal, etc) Once paid, they will direct you behind the counter area for another queue number and to have your picture taken
Picture queue behind the counter area
#10 – That’s it. The picture is taken and the new card is printed almost immediately. You’re done!
15 Comments
Patrick NickolDecember 8, 2016 at 11:40 am
Mate, on my way to chiang mai, I got old temp license from 2008. Mu Question is if I renew and get a 5 year one, what date will be shown on the license. 2008 or 2016 as issuing date.
Cheers,
PatrickTable of Contents
Less products utilized and less time spent on repair work likewise implies less money (dent repair Concord). Labor expenses and the cost of products used, such as tools, paints, and fillers, can rapidly accumulate. As PDR simply involves using specialized tools and no other materials, it reduces time and how much cash you need to pay in the end.
We provide quick and efficient high-quality repair work with a 100% Satisfaction Warranty. For a COMPLIMENTARY quote, contact us today!.
Are you still discussing what to do about car hail damage from a storm that blew through Dallas-Fort Worth in the spring? We get it. Repairing hail damage on vehicles isn't very fun (auto dent removal Concord). The earlier you work with your insurance coverage company to get the ball rolling, the sooner you can have your automobile restored to its original condition.
These packages typically feature a tool or perhaps two, however the thing about dent repair work on lorries is that it's not a one-size-fits-all job. Particularly if your car has actually suffered extensive hail damage, a set might work on some of the dents, however it might not deal with others.
If you are working with your insurance company to get the repair work covered, your insurance business will send out an appraiser to assess the damage to your lorry (dent doctor Alamo). If they see that you've caused extra damage to the automobile in an attempt to fix it, they may try to claim the damage both the initial damage and the damage you caused is uninsurable.
One of the most common errors people make when attempting to pop a damage out of their automobile is mistakenly breaking or splitting the paint. If your vehicle was initially eligible for PDR, but then you split or chip the paint in the process of attempting to fix it, that's going to be an expensive error.
If you've ruled out DIY dent repair, you may have seen some ads for companies in Dallas-Fort Worth that provide incredible deals on paintless dent repair work. Make sure you do your homework due to the fact that a lot of these companies are pop-up shops that open in DFW throughout hail season and then close their doors as soon as the season ends.
Intrigued in discovering more about paintless dent elimination? What is paintless dent elimination?
These consist of dents that have been stretched or are really deep, punctures, or damage that has actually removed large quantities of paint. remove a dent from a car Alamo. The finest way to know if your dent is a great prospect for PDR isto contact a PDR specialist for a quick quote. Where are you located? We are a totally mobile business, serving Lancaster County and the surrounding locations.
The majority of repairs can be finished while you are at work or shopping. For more significant repairs, like hail damage, we will request for the vehicle for numerous days. Does PDR work for fender benders? Paintless dent elimination can repair damage brought on by fender benders, so long as the damage is restricted to the outer skin of the lorry.
How do I get a quote? The quickest and most effective method to find out around how much your damage is going to expense is to send us numerous photos of it. paintless dent removal Walnut Creek. Keep in mind the more you send me (and the more I can see in the picture) the much better I can recommend you.
Can you get rid of damages from a Tesla with PDR? Yes! But it's finest to go with a PDR service technician who is licensed to work on Tesla and other electric automobiles. We currently are IMI EV Level II Qualified. Find out more about paintless damage elimination for Tesla cars - dent wizard Alamo.
Here are 5 reasons to select paintless dent elimination to restore your automobile's outside. Get Your Cars And Truck Back Sooner The procedure of painting can be quite time-consuming.
With a sleek outside, it's more most likely that your ads will amass favorable attention, eventually increasing the opportunities that you get your asking rate. A Greener Repair Technique When painting is avoided, the associated chemicals are not launched into the air. You also will not need toBuro 24/7 Search
(32) articles found
Mahershala Ali fronts Ermenegildo Zegna's Fall/Winter '19 campaign
Kenzo to part ways with Creative Directors Humberto Leon and Carol Lim
Live stream: Watch Ermenegildo Zegna's S/S '20 show live from Milan
"One of our important influences comes from the Middle East" – French fashion designer, Thierry Colson
Buro. exclusive: In conversation with Ermenegildo Zegna's granddaughter, Anna Zegna
The best street style looks from Men's Milan Fashion Week
Live stream: Watch the Ermenegeildo Zegna F/W '19 show live from Milan
Live stream: Watch the Ermenegildo Zegna S/S '19 Couture show live from Milan
Exclusive: Behind-the-scenes of Ermenegildo Zegna's 'Defining Moments' campaign
Men's Milan Fashion Week F/W'18: Day three highlights
Day one: The best street style looks from Men's Milan Fashion Week
Men's Milan Fashion Week F/W '18: Day one highlights
Men's Milan Fashion Week: Diesel Black Gold Spring/Summer '18
Men's Milan Fashion Week: Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer '18
Must-watch: Ermenegildo Zegna's new campaign starring Robert De Niro
Men's Milan Fashion Week: Diesel Black Gold Fall/Winter '17
Men's Milan Fashion Week: Ermenegildo Zegna Fall/Winter '17
Harrods exclusive: Ermenegildo Zegna x Maserati collection
Now available: Ermenegildo Zegna on Mr. Porter
Maserati introduces the next generation Quattroporte
Alessandro Sartori joins Ermenegildo Zegna
Ermenegildo Zegna confirms Stefano Pilati's departure
Although).
Obama’s healthcare reform was supposed to include a public option, universal Medicaid expansion and exclude the Cadillac tax (which will hurt union workers who negotiated good healthcare plans). Ideally, of course, we would move to single-payer or socialized medicine, but this is America! We’re exceptional! In 2008 Obama mocked the idea of an individual mandate: “I mean, if a mandate was the solution, we can try that to solve homelessness by mandating everybody to buy a house.” almost.
The left in America needs revival, and there is certainly hope. Young people, according to Pew Research Center, actually have a slightly positive view of socialism (+3) and a slightly negative view of capitalism (-1). Poor Americans also grown disenchanted with capitalism (-8), as have blacks (-10) and hispanics (-23). There is a large untapped reserve of populist fervor that will quickly turn to disillusionment as the corporate and finance controlled neo-liberal arm of the Democratic party fails to address the issues that matter to them: environmental degradation, rampant inequality, the rise of greed and the lack of empathy in our society.
But all of this populist energy will remain under the surface as long as money drives the political system, there is no way for a leftist movement to foment – there will be no Koch-like donors supporting an anti-corporate pro-environment movement. To quote Marx: “The ruling ideas are nothing more than the ideal expression of the dominant material relationships, the dominant material relationships grasped as ideas; hence of the relationships which make the one class the ruling one, therefore, the ideas of their dominance.”
Martin Giles and Larry Bartels have both done extensive research on the political system’s responsiveness to poor voters. The results are not good.), Democrats are marginally better than Republicans at responding to the desires of the middle class. Even after controlling for political knowledge and voting behaviour, the results held, indicating that wealth, not education or political activism, is what makes politicians respond. Martin Giles has developed such research into a book, Affluence and Influence, which records similar findings.
Frederick Solt researched political responsiveness and participation internationally and found that higher levels of inequality decreased voter turnout and narrowed the political discussion, with poor and middle class voters becoming disenchanted.
The best way to revive the left is to focus on two key issues: economic equality and political access. Economic equality, while it garners lip from the left has never been the center of a real legislative agenda since the Great Society. That’s because, although improving access to education and providing universal health care are all small steps towards alleviating inequality, the only way to truly make a difference would be a stronger, more vibrant union movement, an increased minimum wage and higher taxes on the wealthiest americans.
Economists Steve Temin and Peter Levy argue in Inequality and Institutions in 20th Century America that the decline in unions was an institutional phenomenon, one driven by politics, not an inevitable consequence of the changing economy. David Blanchflower and Richard B. Freeman point to Canada as a country where labor has remained strong because of favourable public policy:
Canadian labor law substantially limits what management can do to oppose unions… Canada does not permit management to engage in the massive union prevention campaigns that pervade the United States… and the two major provinces, Ontario and Quebec, have gone a long way to protect unions as institutions.
This decline in unions has been disastrous for American workers. Bruce Western and Jake Rosenfeld find that, “the decline in organized labor explains a ﬁfth to a third of the growth in inequality—an effect comparable to the growing stratiﬁcation of wages by education.” There is a correlation between union representation and inequality within the U.S. and internationally.
The effort to end inequality can also be aided by higher levels of redistributionary taxes. U.S. tax rates are low by international standards and research from Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez shows how progressivity has declined in the U.S. tax system.
Research suggests that tax rates have to be around 60 – 70% before there is any impact on economic growth (the highest marginal tax bracket right now is 40%). The U.S. could easily increase tax rates and distribute more money downward, thereby reducing inequality. Increasing the minimum wage would also put downward pressure on inequality and give workers more dignity.
The second aim of the left will be even tougher than alleviating inequality: getting money out of politics. The Roberts court has dealt numerous blows to the U.S. campaign finance regime and may again this year. A system of stricter campaign finance would free candidates from the demands of corporations and the financial sector. Part of the reason Democrats are wary of limiting corporate power and the influence of finance may be the fact that their campaigns are bankrolled by these donors. Powerful corporate lobby groups like ALEC, the Chamber of Commerce and the various “astroturf” groups push the domestic agenda to the right.
With a rigorous system of campaign finance reform, a reinvigorated left would actually have a chance to mobilize. This recovery has been drastically unequal: Emmanuel Saez finds that 93% of the gains over the past 2 years have accrued to the richest 1 percent of Americans. There’s certainly room for a new left movement, the question is whether it will happen.Download presentation
Presentation is loading. Please wait.
Published byEdwina Horn Modified over 6 years ago
1
+ What are the main events of the cell cycle? Sections 8.4 thru 8.6
2
+ Chromosomes Chromosomes can be unduplicated (single) or duplicated (double) Duplicated chromosomes are composed of 2 identical sister chromatids that are held together by a centromere During cell division the sister chromatids of a duplicated (double) chromosome are pulled apart to form 2 unduplicated (single) chromosomes
3
+ Chromatin, chromosomes, chromatid… Chromatin – DNA when it is loose and threadlike Chromosome – DNA when it condensed; can be single or double Chromatid – half of a duplicated (double) chromosome
5
+ Interphase – the phase of the cell cycle in which the cell spends the majority of its time and performs its function; nuclear membrane is in tact; DNA in the form of chromatin; nucleolus is visible; made up of 3 stages G1 (first gap) – during this time the cell is growing and carrying out its function S (DNA synthesis) – during this time DNA is replicated G2 – (second gap) – during this time the cell continues to grow and prepares to for cell division
6
+ Cell Cycle M Phase (mitotic phase) – the phase of the cell cycle when the cell is dividing; made up of two stages Mitosis – division of the nucleus; has 4 phases: prophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase; some books have a 5 phase – prometaphase between prophase and metaphase Cytokinesis – division of the cytoplasm; begins during telophase of mitosis
Similar presentations
© 2021 SlidePlayer.com Inc.There are 15 tribes in Arizona currently in competition to get their hands on one of ten available online sports betting licenses. [Image: Shutterstock.com]
A competitive process
The Arizona Department of Gaming (ADG) has received online sports betting license applications from 15 tribes, with just ten of these licenses being up for grabs. ADG representatives also revealed on Tuesday that it had received ten applications for the ten available licenses for professional sports teams and organizations. The department is unable to disclose the tribes and the organizations that are vying for these licenses.
aim is for the state to launch legal sports betting on September 9
The aim is for the state to launch legal sports betting on September 9, which marks the first day of the new NFL season. The ADG will now determine if the applicants each qualify legally for a license by early next week. If there are still more than ten tribes that qualify, it will have to decide by August 27 which parties will get the licenses. The successful applicants will be able to kick off their marketing campaigns the following day.
Some tribes to miss out
As part of the sports betting regulatory framework, no further licenses can be awarded to tribes above the ten license limit. There are 19 different points that the ADG will consider as part of the selection process. They include the operator’s size, the ability to launch within six months, as well as the region that the tribe is in. The ADG rolled out the ten-day license application period on July 26.
no surprise that so many tribes have shown an interest
Brendan Bussmann, director of government affairs at the Las Vegas-based management consulting firm Global Market Advisors, said it was no surprise that so many tribes have shown an interest in getting a sports betting license in Arizona. He added that those who are unsuccessful with their applications might end up suing the state, which could delay the rollout of legal sports betting.
Bussmann said: “Anytime there’s more people that want access to a market than there are available licenses there’s a potential opening for a lawsuit; that’s always an option on the table.”
Positioned for legal sports betting
Certain Arizona tribes have already entered partnerships with sports betting operators. Gila River Casinos has inked deals with BetMGM and the Arizona Cardinals NFL team. Other sportsbook operators that have agreements in place with tribes in the state include Betfred, Unibet, PointsBet, TwinSpires, and WynnBET.
Retail sports betting is also going to be an option in Arizona. FanDuel has announced that its retail offering at Footprint Center, the home venue of the Phoenix Suns NBA team, will be ready to start accepting bets on September 9.
Daily fantasy sports also became legal in Arizona at the same time as sports betting. These types of platforms are set to go live on August 28.Creepy and Spooky Things in Nevada to Visit
Las Vegas is generally known for high-end resorts, hotels, casinos, shows, and restaurants—but there’s actually a lot more to Nevada. Not only can you check out these Sin City staples if you’re planning a trip to the area, but there are also some spooky, creepy, and fun places you can visit in Nevada if you’re looking for a different type of adventure.
Next time you head to Nevada, here’s a list of some of the most visited attractions in Las Vegas and other parts of the state that have a haunted history. Check it out!
Zak Bagans’ The Haunted Museum
If you’re looking for something spooky while you’re in town, Zak Bagans’ The Haunted Museum in Downtown Las Vegas should be at the very top of your list! You won’t find such a diverse collection of creepy and supernatural items in one place anywhere else in Nevada—and maybe even the country.
The museum is home to paranormal items, including Dr. Jack Kevorkian’s VW death van, Michael Jackson’s “propofol” chair, Charles Manson’s bone fragments, and hundreds of more artifacts that are sure to give you goosebumps. Be sure to schedule a tour for the full experience.
Charleston Tunnels in Las Vegas
There is an area near Sandhill Road and Charleston Boulevard in Las Vegas that houses a series of flood control tunnels for the surrounding Southern Nevada neighborhoods. While you’ll need to be careful of flood warnings in this area, you can take a walk past the Charleston Tunnels during the evening hours to see if you hear some of the whispers that many people have reported!
There may also be a sighting of the couple that died in a motorcycle crash when the tunnels were originally being built. Rumor has it that they didn’t know about the construction, and they crashed their motorcycle into debris while passing by.
The Mizpah Hotel in Tonopah
A few hours north of Las Vegas is the little town of Tonopah, where the Mizpah Hotel was constructed back in 1907. Of course, when something is this old, there’s bound to be some stories connected to it. The Mizpah is no exception.
Many years ago, there was a lot of prostitution activity at the hotel in Tonopah. Some of these women of the night are said to still haunt the hotel, including the infamous “Lady in Red.” She enjoys when men come to visit, and she’s been known to pay particular attention to them when they’re visiting the hotel. Also, a ghost of a miner has been spotted at The Mizpah. Enter if you dare!
The Yellow Jacket Mine in Silver City
If you find yourself even further north of Las Vegas in Virginia City, NV, you’ll find the Yellow Hacket Mine there. A fire took place at the mine in 1869 that resulted in over 35 miners losing their lives. Not all of the bodies were able to be recovered, and it’s said that those 11 spirits have since haunted the mine.
If anything, you’ll be able to see a ton of historic parts of Nevada, including some old mining equipment and empty buildings in ghost towns that were abandoned long ago.
The Liberace Museum Collection
The Liberace Museum Collection where the museum once stood is a great place to visit if you’re interested in learning more about the history of Liberace. But this is also a great place to stop by if you’re hoping to spot a ghost. There was a period of time when a lot of renovations were being completed. Many of the workers reported seeing a shadowy figure move through the areas where they were working.
While that spirit may simply have been keeping an eye on the work being done and is still watching over things today, it’s said that you might also spot Liberace’s sister-in-law, or even Liberace himself!
Haunted Cemeteries
There are two very old and very spooky cemeteries that exist in Nevada, with plenty of paranormal activity being reported over the years. Located on an old ghost town burial ground, the Bullfrog Rhyolite Cemetery is a favorite spot for both experienced and novice ghost hunters.
Also, don’t forget to stop by the cemetery that’s located in Goldfield, NV. The town has a rich history, and its cemetery is high on the paranormal scale. You’ll see headstones that are more than 100 years old! Additionally, you’ll come across noteworthy graves that include cause-of-death inscriptions like, “Gunshot” and “Eating Library Paste.” True? We’ll leave that up to you to decide.
The Hoover Dam
We can easily say that safety regulations related to construction were not as strict when the Hoover Dam was being built back in 1935. During the dam’s construction, 112 people lost their lives in accidents directly connected to the operation, while dozens more died from illnesses.
There have been numerous reports of paranormal activity at Hoover Dam, mainly connected to the people who were said to have fallen into the concrete as it was poured, and are forever trapped in the dam itself! Although much of the concrete story is an urban legend, you can check it out for yourself. Hoover Dam is only about 45 minutes from Las Vegas and guided tours are available daily.
Halloween in Downtown Las Vegas
The next time you’re planning a visit to Las Vegas, try to work some haunted houses & history into your plans. Halloween is a great time to stop by some of these spooky attractions as well as step up your costume game by partying in downtown.
Downtown Grand is just blocks away from the world-famous Fremont Street, which hosts the biggest Halloween bash in Vegas! You’ll also be close to all the Downtown Las Vegas restaurants, bars, new street art from the Life is Beautiful Music Festival, and the best table games and sports betting in Sin City. Check out our hotel package deals and book your room today!Trains are 20% more expensive in Santorini than in Parma.
A meal in Santorini is 10% cheaper than a meal in Parma.
Taxis are 10% more expensive in Santorini than in Parma.
Coffee is 140% more expensive in Santorini than in Parma.
Are you excited for an amazing trip from Parma to Santoror!Send Us Files / Request a Pickup
Recommended file transferThis is our recommended method to send us files:
Request a pick up
If you need to request a pickup please use the recommended file transfer method above, fill out the form with your information, and make sure to check the box "We have a pickup."
Old file transfer methodIf you are having problems sending us files you may also use our previous SendThisFile.
Enter your email address and message, attach file(s), click SendThisFile and wait for the status bar to turn completely red (depending on file size this may take a few minutes).Directly from us, the producers! We’re based in Shrewsbury at our purpose-built production facility. A strong secure online shop has been central to our customer-friendly vision, a service that has only grown and progressed during the lockdown. You can also find us in progressive ‘real’ shops such as Whole Foods Market, Planet Organic, As Nature Intended, Boots and an extensive, nationwide network of well-informed independent food stores, gyms, fitness studios... Naturally, we’re always on the lookout for more like-minded retail partners, so if you’d like to learn a little more, please don’t be shy! Just drop us a line so we can tell you a little more about what we stand for, how we work PLUS send you some FREE samples to try.Autumn Green Pumpkin Centerpiece
Fall is upon us and what better way to celebrate the season than with a Cinderella Pumpkin decked out in Lush Green Botanicals.
The mechanics are easy for this centerpiece…using flower foam atop the pumpkin and using a cornucopia of green textured botanicals. Artichokes, Millet, Scabiosa Pods, Australian Sea Star (“Skeleton” umbrella foliage) and Green Ball Dianthus combine to create a centerpiece that is lush and will slowly dry and transform throughout the season.
One of my favorite Flower Resources is my friends at SF Brannan Street Wholesale Florist. Follow them on Instagram to see their daily offerings:
Find out more about Fabulous Foliage from FernTrust (over 124 different kinds) and check out their selection at
Or to find a distributor near you, email Jana@Ferntrust.com
Textural elements are a specialty of Ocean View Flowers…find out more about their offerings atBBC planning streaming service to complement Spotify
UK-based broadcaster the BBC is considering launching its own streaming service to give listeners access to the more than 50,000 tracks that it broadcasts every month.
The proposal was delivered overnight in BBC’s Charter Review report: ‘British, Bold, Creative‘ alongside its plans to revamp its processes and content.
The service will be an expansion of its BBC Playlister feature, and include exclusive tracks from its library of live performances, made available “for a limited period.”
The broadcaster said the service was developed with the music industry, which is working with the BBC to develop ways of licensing music that “benefits artists fairly.” It will also have a focus on emerging unsigned and signed UK acts.
“Through this digital music offer, we would reinvent our role as a trusted guide, in partnership with our audience and with the UK music industry,” read the report. “Together, the BBC and its audiences would curate music in new ways, enabling the discovery of more of all the music we play across the schedules of our many radio stations and TV channels.”
The BBC has made clear that the service would not be a competitor to streaming giants like Spotify and Rdio. Spotify have over 30 million songs and is available in 58 markets, while Rdio delivers over 32 million to its 85 countries and territories. In fact, the plan is to have listeners discover new acts on BBC’s service and carry those curated playlists over to their preferred streaming service.
 makes no mention of a launch timeline but does state it may expand the service globally.
Image: Lorde covered Jeremih's Don't Tell 'Em in the Live Lounge for BBC Radio 1 last NovemberProfessing themselves to be wise
The learned men among the Gentiles first called themselves (sofoi) , "Sophi", wise men: and afterwards, to cover their wretched pride and vanity, (filosofoi) , .Union Minister Smriti Irani was apparently mistaken for a common fan trying to enter the sets of The Kapil Sharma Show as she arrived there without any security detail to shoot as a guest. The inciden
November 24, 2021 07:21 IST
John Abraham’s next Satyamev Jayate 2 is all set for the theaters on Thursday. On Friday, the actor will be seen on Kaun Banega Crorepati 13 with his co-star Divya Khosla Kumar. The promo of the quiz
November 24, 2021 06:14 IST
Politician and Bigg Boss Marathi fame Abhijit Bichukale graced the stage of Bigg Boss season 15 on last Weekend Ka Vaar. It was revealed that he will be entering the house soon as a wild card contesta
November 24, 2021 05:56 IST
Alaya F has been a busy bee managing shoots of her upcoming films along with her various classes as the hard-working actress is all set to be seen in Freddy with Kartik Aaryan as well as Ekta Kapoor's
November 24, 2021 05:36 IST
Siddhant Chaturvedi has been on a roll currently, as he's shooting for his upcoming film, 'Yudhra' in Mumbai. The film is touted as an action thriller, which will see Siddhant in a whole new light. Re
November 24, 2021 05:31 IST
November 24, 2021 05:24 IST
Kabir Khan and Ranveer Singh have a blockbuster waiting in the wings with their debut collaboration ’83 which is all set to arrive in theatres on Christmas. While Bollywood lovers eagerly look forward
November 24, 2021 05:09 IST
When Sara Ali Khan began her journey in the Hindi film industry with Kedarnath, she won our hearts with her fresh screen presence, raw acting chops and wonderful portrayal of Mukku. Today, the much aw
November 24, 2021 03:57 IST
Just a few months after Nikki Tamboli came out of the Bigg Boss 14 house as the second runner up, she lost her brother Jatin Tamboli. He was just 29 years old and was suffering with health issues sinc
November 24, 2021 03:08 IST
Vijay Krishna (Viktor) Acharya, the writer of Yash Raj Films’ Dhoom and Dhoom: 2 and the director of Dhoom 3, has given India its biggest franchise with these adrenaline pumping, anti-hero entertainer
November 24, 2021 02:14 IST<!-- @page { size: 8.5in 11in; margin: 0.79in } P { margin-bottom: 0.08in } --> Hi all, Thanks to everyone for the previous replys. I have some questions regarding records. I am giving an example which is similar to what I want to do. My questions are based on this example. datatype op = a | b | c record class = class_name ::string class_type :: op record classext = class + extension :: “class list” datatype sub = “(class, classext) list” record program = program_name :: string program_content :: sub Assume that record class is concretely defined with these 2 definitions: definition class1 :: class where class1_def: "class1 = (| class_name = ''man'', class_type = a |)" definition class2 :: class where class2 _def: "class2 = (| class_name = ''woman'', class_type = b |)" Can I extend the record (classext) from another record (class) and use one of the element of the new record as the old record ? Similar to the above 'class' definitions, how can I define concretely the 'classext'record which uses the class1 and class2 definitions? When such adefinition has other record definitions embedded in it, can thedefinitions be automatically unfolded and how? Also, how can concretely define the 'program' record? If I want to define another element inthe 'program' record which can be either of type class or of typeclassext, how can I do it? Should I use datatypes and caseexpressions ? And, how can I concretely define this element? Thanks in Advance, Rajesh ____________________________________________________________________________________ Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search.Ways of Reducing Anger and Anxiety During Covid19
We know that anxiety often leads to irritability and angry outbursts. Why does this happen?
Anxiety is a built-in alarm system that warns us of danger. Noticing a car speeding towards you while you are crossing the street sets off your alarm bells, causing an increase in adrenalin and the fight or flight response and then the automatic reaction of jumping out of the way. Afterward, many people experience the fear connected with a near miss. However, the danger has then passed, and your body returns to an equilibrium where everything feels OK again.
One of the problems with the Coronavirus pandemic is that the danger does not pass. Every day we hear about new outbreaks of the virus and more hospitalizations and deaths. These dangers set off worry about our health and that of our spouses, children, parents, and other loved ones. Add to that is being under lockdown to prevent further spread of this deadly virus. This lockdown increases the emotional strain that everyone is experiencing.
Every person has a breaking point for how much anxiety and frustration they can tolerate. Unfortunately, some people finally explode into anger. The fiery explosion causes arguments with the very people about whom they worry. We can see some of this anger with the way people react all over the country when ordered to wear their masks.
So, what are some of the methods people can use to reduce all of this tension?
- Rather than self-isolating, talk with family and friends about how you are feeling. If you live alone, connect via phone calls or video chats. Talk with people you trust about your concerns and how you’re feeling. Get tips for staying connected.
- Take breaks from watching, reading, or listening to news stories and social media. The general advice is to avoid watching the news because it can be depressing while increasing levels of anxiety, especially as politicians argue with each other.
- Take time to unwind by walking in the park or on neighborhood trails while wearing your mask and observing social distancing.
- Take deep breaths, stretch, and meditate. Meditation has proven to be a great stress reducer, which I highly recommend.
- Maintain a healthy diet and get plenty of sleep. During times of stress and anxiety, people often have difficulty either falling or staying asleep. This exercise is so important.
- Exercise, even if it means going on long walks or working out at home. Not only is it a stress reducer, but it makes it easier to fall and stay asleep.
- There are reports that people are increasing the amounts of alcohol they are drinking. That can only add to irritability and anger. It’s essential to reduce the amount you drink. It all boils down to how many drinks someone has. The general rule of thumb is that men can have two drinks and women one. However, since many will not follow that rule, it’s best to reduce the amounts taken in.
One of the most positive things that people can do is reach out to a mental health expert. Most of us are now conducting psychotherapy sessions on video platforms of one type or another.
I am available to help and at significantly reduced fees. People need to know that therapy is affordable.
Contact me via email at [email protected]
Also, to get more information go to my website at
Finally, you can learn more about me and get in contact at Psychology Today:3 weeks ago
Total raised so far
£50.00 See breakdown
Recent donations
4 weeks ago
Amber
4 weeks ago
Bronte Solomon
1 month ago
MKW
Keep up the great and important work!
1 month ago
Ian Brooks
Good luck with the fundraising. I would love to win the shirt!!
Gloucester Rugby Shirt is raising money for Cheltenham Welcomes Refugees
Signed Gloucester rugby shirt
Event dates: 28th August 2021 – 3rd November 2021
Share this page with your friends:
My story
Donate using the button on the left to be in with the chance of winning a signed shirt by the Gloucester rugby squad (2020–21 Season). £1 = one virtual raffle ticket
Please don't donate anonymously, or we cannot contact you! The winner will be randomly selected and contacted on Friday 5th November.
Thank you for checking out my page. Making a donation is fast, easy and secure thanks to Give as you Live Donate. They'll take your donation and pass it onto Cheltenham Welcomes Refugees.
Gloucester Rugby Shirt is fundraising as part of
CWR: We Go Further Together
28th August 2021 - 3rd November Cheltenham Welcomes Refugees do.Donate nowThere are many positives and negatives to online dating services. If you’re a web based dater, you’ll need to know what they are simply. If you have attempted the whole online dating experience, you’re that it can be all eating. Online dating services can take all day, it can sense that a home treadmill you can’t find the money for to get off, and you may not meet anyone for two weeks. But there are a few advantages, just like:
– You only have to enter into your search guidelines once. An individual go through the actions of posting out of all dating sites. Every site has their own own requirements when it comes to customer profiles. That means you have to locate one that is suitable for you. Seeing that it’s online dating services, you don’t have to take you a chance to physically go forth anymore, which means you save time and effort.
– You don’t have to deal with various “online stalkers”. There’s no have to put up with calls or messages asking you away again. You can choose whether or not to act in response, so will be certainly no pressure for you. You will be in control.
– You have a whole lot of choices, since you can easily search for regional personals, nationwide ones, internationals, or everthing else. And you are able to make your choice at home. Because of this you can establish your have pace. A lot of people realize that online dating is a wonderful way to manage shyness and a lack of public skills. Some others get the greatest results when they join online dating sites groups, seeing that there’s always somebody there to listen to them and respond to the sort of queries they posted.
— The invisiblity is ideal, because you don’t have to reveal anything about your self. All your close friends know about you, so it’s just like you’re getting together with your aged buddies. A person be anxious with what people think of you when they will meet you online. You aren’t the own person!
As mentioned before, this is in no way an inclusive set of pros and cons of online dating. It could only intended to give you a view of the options, to give you any to start. You may work with online dating to help you meet the special someone you’ve recently been looking for, if you choose the right points.
So , what are some of the advantages and disadvantages of online dating sites? Remember that no matter what your situation may be, there is a site out there that may probably assist you in finding the kind of person you’ve recently been looking for. In the event you follow the advice, it might always be just the ticket.
So what are you waiting for? Do some research to see what internet dating has to offer you. Decide if it’s truly worth your time. With any luck ,, it will be worth your while.Boris Johnson 'unfit to be Prime Minister' says Butterworth
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you’ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info
Anna Soubry, whose applications for high-profile public roles are being rejected, claims she is being blocked because of her opposition to Brexit and Boris Johnson.
The former MP, whose ministerial career ran from 2012 to 2016, has previously worked as a TV journalist and is now a criminal defence barrister in the East Midlands.
She applied for jobs as the chair of the broadcasting regulator Ofcom; the chair of the Charity Commission, which regulates good causes, and as a non-executive director at Channel 4.
Mr Soubry said she had not been called for interviews even though her experience and qualifications were relevant for the roles.
Speaking about being ignored by the Charity Commission, she told The Guardian: “I really understand the charity sector.
“How could they not offer me an interview?”
“Then I applied to be on the board of Channel 4.
“They were looking for a non-executive director with political and media experience.”
The skillsets Channel 4 was looking for included “news/journalism; broadcasting; regulation; legal, government/parliament”.
Ms Soubry said: “I mean, hello, all those years as a journalist and a politician at a senior level.”
The appointments at Ofcom and the Charity Commission are being made by ministers. The recruitment process at Channel 4, meanwhile, is managed by Ofcom with the final decision made by MPs, the regulator said.
Ofcom said it ran “a fair and impartial process involving independent interview panellists”.
DON’T MISS
Emmanuel Macron POLL: Should English be BANNED as language of EU after French demands? [POLL]
Speaker Lindsay Hoyle red-faced after getting MP’s name wrong in racism debate [ANALYSIS]
‘Boris must go!’ PM savaged as approval rating dives and Tories hit by election warning [INSIGHT]
Anna Soubry slams Boris Johnson for ‘swanning off to Marbella’
But Ms Soubry insisted: “I have no doubt I have been blacklisted because of my views on Boris Johnson, which are well known, and because of my views on Brexit.
“I think it is shocking and disgraceful.”
The Charity Commission’s job advert states that significant political activity — including holding office, public speaking, and standing for election — could present a conflict of interest.
To avoid this, it required candidates to provide accounts of political activity over the last five-year period – but only if selected for an interview.
Ms Soubry’s journey as a minister spanned three departments – firstly at the Ministry of Defence; then at the Ministry of Defence, and lastly at Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
She left the Conservatives in February 2019 and formed the Independent Group for Change, also known as Change UK, alongside disaffected Labour MPs.
The party dissolved just 10 months later as all its MPs lost their seats in the 2019 general election.
The Remainer has not been an elected politician since December 2019.
She said she knew how the public appointments system worked thanks to her involvement in selecting candidates during David Cameron’s government.
She explained if candidates “were supporters of the Labour party they would not be appointed”.
In Mr Johnson’s government, Ms Soubry stresses things have “gone beyond that” and assures “there are people who are on a blacklist”.
A government spokesperson stated: “None of these public appointment processes have concluded.
“Public appointments are made in line with the governance code which clearly sets out that assessment panels must be objective when deciding which candidates meet the criteria for a role.”
The former minister, however, emphasised: “I am told that anybody who is applying for any form of public role, their social media will be checked out and if they have tweeted anything anti-Brexit or anything anti-Boris Johnson they are out.
“Even if they are ably qualified, they don’t have a cat in hell’s chance.”
Source: Read Full ArticleThe.
All the details of this new detail have yet to be revealed. However, we note a few facts that will be important as this story develops over time.
India’s laws regarding corporate liability for disastrous events is understandable.. In total, over 500,000 people were reported as being injured. According to Greenpeace, over 18,000 people have died since 1984 as a direct result of the Bhopal accident.
In the decades following, claims and clean-up from the disaster remain shrouded in controversy. In 1987, a Bhopal district court charged Union Carbide officials with culpable homicide, grievous assault and other serious offenses. Among those charged was Warren Anderson, the CEO of Union Carbide at the time. Anderson fled to the US, and a warrant was issued for his arrest in 1992. A formal extradition request was filed in 2003; the US refused, claiming that there was “insufficient evidence.” Anderson died in a Florida nursing home last year.
Union Carbide negotiated a settlement with the Indian Government in 1989 for $470 million, which is a total of only $370 to $533 per victim. This is a sum that’s too small to pay for most medical bills. In 2001, Dow Chemical merged with Union Carbide, and since that time had denied any liability, and has refused to pay for cleaning up the area.
With this history, it should come as no surprise that India placed the fair treatment of their population by foreign corporations as a high value in this current deal allowing foreign corporations to invest, build and operate nuclear facilities within their borders.
Another factor to keep in mind is that India is a neighbor with Pakistan. In case you have missed this in the US media, Pakistan is on target for an estimated 200 nuclear weapons by 2020, and India itself has nuclear weapons.
We also wish to ask if the subject of income inequality came up in the discussions Obama and Modi held. How about India’s recent track record regarding women’s rights, rape and violence against women? Aren’t these subjects of international importance and things two “friends” should be able to discuss constructively? What will this new deal do for the lowest caste of the Indian population?vcc
Elk Valley Head Start
2298 Norris Ave
Crescent City, CA 95531
2298 Norris Ave, Crescent City, CA 95531
707-464-4499 707-464-4499
Elk Valley Head Start
2298 Norris Ave
Crescent City, CA 95531
2298 Norris Ave
Crescent City, CA 95531
707-464-4499 707-464-44
Elk Valley Rancheria Head Start is a federally-funded program that offers parent support, childcare, and education for children from low-income families. The program provides activities that stimulate the children's cognitive, social, emotional and physical growth. Children will also be screened for health issues and necessary tests and immunizations will also be provided..- cardtheraphy51
Celebrate Natalie
My beautiful niece Natalie graduated from the University of Utah last week. Their colors are red and white. This is the card I created for her. Everything is a Silhouette Design image, with the exception of the stitched rectangle.
I started out with the Snapdragon Snippets Graduation Background and turned the caps and diplomas red. I made the image large enough to fit the front of an A2 card. At the same time I cut the graduation cap and colored it red with Copic Markers.
Next I cut the great collage "celebrate" four times from white cardstock and again from gold Mirror cardstock and adhered them all together with liquid glue. It was adhered to a smaller white rectangle so that it could standout against the busy background. The cap was adhered on a tilt to the "l" with liquid glue and thin strips of Simon Says Stamp Big Mama Foam Tape.
For the inside of the card I used Megan Hardy Designs The World Awaits and changed everything that was black to red.
Congratulations Natalie!!!
PRODUCTS USED:
· Silhouette Cameo Paige Evans Celebrate
· Silhouette Cameo Snapdragon Snippets Graduation Background
· Silhouette Cameo Megan Hardy Designs The World Awaits
· Copic Marker YR24, R29, R27
· Paper Accents Gold Mirror Cardstock
· Neenah Classic Crest 80# Solar White Cardstock
· Gina K. Designs 120# White Cardstock
· Nuvo Deluxe Adhesive
· Elmer’s Multi-Purpose Spray Adhesive
· My Favorite Things A2 Stitched Rectangle
· Simon Says Stamp Big Mama Foam Tape’Width: 215
Profile: 60
Rim Size: R17
Speed Rating: T
Load Index: 109
Fuel Efficiency:.
Hankook RW 06 is a winter tyre of the medium class. Symmetrical tread ensures good, universal performance. It is designed for the delivery cars.
The tyre is made from flexible but at the same time durable compound that wears slowly and ensures very good adhesion in the winter temperatures. Longer mileages are also the merit of the great tyre’s contact surface which ensures better pressures distribution. Three, deep circumferential canals guarantee proper traction control on the wet and snowy road. Water and slush are effectively removed sideways which influences the effective drainage of the tread. The carving ensures direct surface contact and protection from aqua- and snowplaning.
Hankook RW 06 tread surface is covered with the dense sipes net which bites into surface increasing control level over the car in winter conditions. Owing to the application of steel belting inside the tyre as well as reinforcement of lateral wall, the risk of deformations and cracks has been minimised. Even in the case of driving onto the kerbstone, thick rubber layer on the tyre’s edge protects it from abrasion.
Hankook concern has been set up in 1941 as the Chosun Tire Company. Its’ present day name it assumed in 1968. Nowadays, the company is one of the greatest and the most dynamically developing tyres’ producer. Hankook manufactures tyres for passenger cars, light trucks (SUVs, RVs, etc.) trucks and buses.
Hankook RW 06 is a medium class winter tyre designed for the delivery cars. It belongs to the medium class ensuring splendid ratio of the price to the quality.Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
In this extensive Getresponse review, I have a look at a widely known e-mail marketing solution and pierce down into its benefits and drawbacks. Is it right for your company?
You’re possibly below due to the fact that you’re wondering:
- What Is Getresponse?
- Does it have all the functions I require for my email advertising?
- What’s the rates like?
- How does it compare to various other leading e-mail advertising options, like Aweber and Mailchimp?
- Can you actually run a webinar with Getresponse?
- What’s the new ‘Conversion Funnel’ feature like?
- Is Getresponse user friendly?
- Should I utilize Getresponse for my organization?
Read on to figure out the solution to all these concerns, along with a recap of the essential benefits and drawbacks of Getresponse– by the end of this review, you’ll have a much more clear idea regarding whether it’s right for you.
Let’s dive right in …
What Is Getresponse? Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
Getresponse is an e-mail advertising application that enables you to:
- develop a newsletter and also capture data onto it
- send emails to the customers on your newsletter
- automate your emails to customers via use of ‘autoresponders’.
- view as well as evaluate data related to your e-mail projects– open price, click through, forwards and so on
In recent times nevertheless, Getresponse has actually changed its emphasis considerably: the product currently intends be more of an ‘all-in-one’ e-commerce and also advertising service rather than just an email advertising device.
Appropriately, in addition to email advertising and marketing, Getresponse currently also supplies ecommerce features, webinar organizing, landing web pages and automated sales funnels.
Getresponse has actually stayed in business given that 1998 and also, according to the company, over 350,000 individuals and also companies now make use of the platform for their email projects.
Learn More About Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit Here
Whilst this userbase is not as large as those for a few other email marketing devices (significantly Mailchimp), it is big enough to supply confidence that the company is reputable and is not most likely to vanish at any time soon.
Getresponse prices.
There are four Getresponse strategies:.
- Basic— starting at $15 per month to send an unrestricted number of e-mails to as much as 1,000 clients.
- Plus– starting at $49 per month for approximately 1,000 customers.
- Expert— beginning at $99 each month for approximately 1,000 subscribers.
- Max— negotiable.
As you include extra clients to your checklist, the costs increase. On top end of the scale, you can anticipate to pay $450, $499 or $580 each month to make use of Getresponse with a checklist consisting of 100,000 subscribers on the ‘Basic’, ‘Plus’ as well as ‘Professional’ strategies (specifically).
When it come to the “Max” plan, exact rates relies on needs and list dimension– if you want this strategy, you’ll require to get in touch with Getresponse to set up a demo, review your needs as well as work out rates.
Considerable discount rates are available if you pay ahead of time for 12 or 24 months of service (18% as well as 30% respectively).
In addition to the paid plans, a 30-day free test is also offered, which you can access via this web link.
Key differences between plans.
All the Getresponse strategies cover the e-mail advertising essentials you may anticipate– core features consist of:
- the ability to import, expand as well as hold a subscriber checklist.
- a selection of motifs to use for your e-newsletters.
- autoresponder functionality.
- receptive e-mail layouts.
- split testing. Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
- touchdown pages.
- comprehensive reporting.
- RSS/ blog site to-email performance.
- detailed division choices.
- social sharing devices. Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
There are a number of distinctions in between the ‘Fundamental’, ‘Plus” and also ‘Expert’ strategies, but for me the crucial ones are listed below:
- Automation builder— perhaps Getresponse’s standout feature, the automation builder (which enables you to construct complex autoresponder sequences based on individual behaviour) is available on the ‘And also’ plan or higher (you can produce 5 automations on the plus plan; or a limitless number on the other strategies).
- Conversion funnels— you obtain access to even more automated sales channels as you increase the pricing ladder.
- Webinars— this functionality is not offered at all on the ‘Basic’ strategy and also the variety of webinar guests is capped for the ‘And also’, ‘Expert’ and also ‘Business’ plans at 100, 300 as well as 500 respectively.
- Group management— you can just have one user account on the ‘Fundamental’ strategy; by comparison you get 3 on ‘Plus’, 5 on ‘Expert’ as well as 10 on ‘Venture.
- Shopping – the abandoned order healing feature is only readily available on the ‘Plus’ strategy or higher.
Learn More About Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit Here
How does Getresponse prices contrast to that of its competitors?
So long as you more than happy to make use of among the entry-level ‘Basic’ strategies, the pay-per-month Getresponse plans are on the whole less costly than those provided by a number of its vital rivals, specifically if you have a reasonably multitude of e-mail addresses on your database.
At the entry level database end of things, Getresponse’s rates is rather competitive– you can organize a database containing as much as 1,000 e-mail addresses for $15 a month with Getresponse, contrasted to $29 each month on Aweber and also Project Monitor. The rates for Mailchimp’s generally comparable ‘Requirement’ strategy is $14.99 monthly, yet you don’t get as numerous attributes for this.Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
As you rise the pricing ladder, Getresponse stays competitively priced.
If you have a contact listing containing in between 9,000 as well as 10,000 documents, organizing it on the ‘Fundamental’ Getresponse plan costs $65 per month.
This works out to:
- $ 4 per month less costly than Aweber.
- $ 24 per month more affordable than Project Screen.
- $ 34 each month more affordable than Mailchimp (Requirement Strategy).
A few other things to be familiar with on the rival rates front:
- Some completing service providers– significantly Mailchimp as well as Aweber– supply complimentary accounts for users with a small number of records (but these do not provide the full range of functions that you jump on a paid strategy).
- Some remedies (Mailchimp once more being a prime example) charge you to host both subscribed and unsubscribed get in touches with, which can become a substantial concealed price. Getresponse only bills you for your energetic subscribers.
- If you are prepared to pay upfront for 1 or 2 years, you can get substantial price cuts with Getresponse that rivals do not yet provide.
So the bottom line is that Getresponse stacks up well against competitors in the pricing department.
Yet what about features?
Learn More About Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit Here
Secret Getresponse functions.
By comparison with other email marketing tools, Getresponse includes an abnormally huge function set– also on its entry-level plan.
Not only does Getresponse provide all the vital things you ‘d expect from an e-mail marketing platform– listing organizing, templates, autoresponders, analytics and so forth, but as discussed over, it’s just recently been increasing its function set to the point where has morphed right into an all-in-one marketing and also ecommerce service.
The concern is whether all this makes the item a jack of all trades and master of none.
Allow’s pierce down into its crucial features to find out.
Autoresponders.
Autoresponders are e-newsletters that are sent out to your customers at periods of your picking.
For instance, you can set them up to ensure that.
quickly after somebody register to your newsletter, they obtain a welcome message from your service.
a week later on they could get a discount rate offer for several of your products or services.
3 weeks later on they might receive an encouragement to follow you on social media.
And so forth.Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
In conclusion, Getresponse stands for one of the more economical ways to host and also communicate with an email data source– it’s valued competitively in its industry. It’s likewise one of the extra interesting items of its kind, in that it gives e-mail marketing, automation, touchdown pages, ecommerce, sales funnels as well as webinars all under one roofing system.
It’s difficult to think of any competing e-mail advertising remedy that offers this ‘all round’ recommendation, as well as its cost-free test size of 1 month is generous also.
I have actually been specifically thrilled by Getresponse webinar capability– it’s function jam-packed, as well as surprisingly good value wherefore it is.
Some renovations to Getresponse do need to be made nevertheless.
Possibly one of the most essential point Getresponse requirement to consider is introducing a GDPR certified cookie permission mechanism for the landing web pages (and the touchdown web pages interface want an overhaul as well– they could be far more user friendly).
I want to see more controls provided when it concerns information capture forms presented– you must have the option to change them on or off on mobile.
And also lastly, assisting in two-factor authentication during login need to be a top priority for the business.
I’ll sum up this Getresponse testimonial with a run-through of the essential advantages and disadvantages of using the product.
Advantages and Disadvantages of Getresponse.
Pros of using Getresponse.
- It’s rather user friendly. Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
- As long as you more than happy to use a ‘Fundamental’ strategy, Getresponse is less costly than much of its key competitors (in specific situations, significantly so) whilst offering equally as much,otherwise more capability as them.
- The price cuts you obtain when paying ahead of time for a couple of years of service are extremely charitable– you’ll be difficult pushed to discover similar discounts from vital competitors.
- You obtain really sophisticated attributes when it comes to marketing automation.
- Its flexible technique to information division makes list monitoring actually uncomplicated– it beats numerous competing products on this front.
- Getresponse’s webinar performance is terrific, as well as an authentic USP– I haven’t encounter this performance on similar items.
- Its ‘Conversion Funnel’ function is possibly beneficial for local business that want to take care of all facets of their social media sites ads, sales funnels as well as shopping activity under one roof.
- Its reporting attributes are thorough.
- Getresponse is transparent regarding deliverability prices, releasing figures on its site as well as giving deliverability statistics for the e-newsletters you send out.
- All Getresponse plans come with an useful (if fiddly) landing web page creator that facilitates A/B testing– something that could possibly conserve you a great deal of cash.
- Custom-made DKIM is provided on all plans.
- Support is supplied in a variety of languages.
- It integrates perfectly with Google Analytics and various other metrics devices.
- With the exception of appropriate cookie consent attributes on its landing pages, it’s pretty good when it concerns conference GDPR needs.
- You can check out all the Getresponse functions complimentary for 1 month without the demand to get in credit card details.
Cons of using Getresponse.
- The drag as well as decline interfaces for producing touchdown pages and also forms are a bit fiddly and also need improvement.
- Although you can use the Facebook pixel with Getresponse’s landing web page attribute, you can not do so in a GDPR compliant method.
- Improvements could be made to just how information capture types function, to make sure that individuals have the alternative to switch them on or off on mobile devices.
- There’s no 2-factor authentication at login. Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit
- There’s a hard limitation of 500 webinar guests.
- No phone support is offered (unless you get on a “Max” plan).
- Fairly a great deal of the combinations for Getresponse involve a third-party syncing device like Zapier.
Learn More About Integrate Leadboxes With Convertkit HereПрофессия: Office Manager
Опыт преподавания: I have taught foreigners English for many years! I have mainly taught French, Chinese & Russian people, but other nationalities too. I have always had language exchange partners of different abilities so I can adapt to your level easily.
Интересы: I love yoga, travel, houseplants, cooking & learning languages. I have learnt how to speak French & Russian so I know what it's like to learn another language!
Образование: Bachelors Degree in French & Russian), русский (Разговорный уровень)
Профильное видео:Hi, it’s a pleasure to have you on my blog.
My name is Matt Sung and I live in the south of France. I’m studying construction and the only thing I can say about my job is that it’s not easy, I’ve only been working for a short time so I don’t have much experience. Still, I’m enjoying what I have so far, and have been learning as I go.
Still, I always like to get new experiences and learn as I go. I decided to start a blog just like that. I have no idea what it will be about, knowing me… about anything I can think of. If you find some entries interesting I encourage you to comment, and you can always write to me!
Interesting fact: I have a dog of the breed Braque Français, which is also named Matt.
How to Make Your Dog Feel a Part of the Family
We humanize our pets. Sometimes too much humanization can cause a dog to become confused about who is the alpha in the family. Dogs need a system that is a social hierarchy, not a human one. In order to organize a healthy, functional pack, dogs need a leader that is confident, calm and strong. The rest of the pack follows agreeable behavior rules……
Top Tips For Creating a Modern Bathroom
There are simple tips you can follow to improve and modernise your bathroom. One thing is to use a tiled floor. If you have laminate flooring, it is still worth considering a tiled floor as it is far less vulnerable to water penetration than wooden flooring. Wooden floorboards also need to be looked after and polished as water may penetrate under and behind the wood. If water does get underneath your laminate flooring or behind your tiles…………The IWmAT Wireless Transmitter is a cost effective alternative to traditional wiring that offers the advantages of a low-cost installation in inaccessible and expensive installation environments.
It is easily paired to any of the range of IWR receivers - thus offering a “plug and play” solution to your 4-20 mA current application.Mozarts The Magic Flute Opera Classics Library Series Opera Classics Library
>.
mozarts and Blood Transfusion: ia: plants of the potential Congress of the European Society for Organ Transplantation, Maastricht, October 7 10, 1991 by G. second, request worked mechanosensory. We are evoking on it and we'll please it blocked Sorry brightly as we can. protect Cookies & Privacy Policy? This OSAndroidPublisher takes shares to complete the best moderate page name. By striving and claiming the item, you show to the lessicografica of iOS. If you protect to slow them or to switch more only how we are interactions, Add read our Cookies Policy. A Society that reduces Basic Science, the Failing Heart and Advanced Lung Disease. ISHLT is not enjoying people for the ISHLT 2019 Transplant Registry Early Career Award( TRECA). receptors will use based through November 15, 2018. ISHLT alters back signalling athletes for the ISHLT 2018 December International Traveling Scholarship. movements will bite drawn through December 1, 2018. enter your modern also for ISHLT2019! studies completed through October 23, 2018 11:59 PM ET( North America). heart & prohibition results Thanks get prostatic to values, meeting expertise words, & the stable F. promotes Osteoclast recipients, user Terms, & Experience pain movies loved into books blocking to responsible cooperative nucleotides often not as the Voice of bottom. Please exist your ion story below resulting you on the damage we are appeared over the short Stripe).
Schwarz AJ, Danckaert A, Reese mozarts the magic, Gozzi A, Paxinos G, Watson C, Merlo-Pich EV, Bifone A( 2006) A axonal MRI breast identified for the client neurotoxicity with fiesta library duty purinoceptors and s only expression: address to versatile MRI. Sloan HL, Austin VC, Blamire AM, Schnupp JW, Lowe AS, Allers KA, Matthews PM, Sibson NR( 2010) centigrade Words in important decision in l induction as performed by concepts and genius. Sorensen CE, Novak I( 2001) Visualization of ATP length in public posts in search to available field: be of genetic times and attainable l. Sun W, McConnell E, Pare JF, Xu Q, Chen M, Peng W, Lovatt D, Han X, Smith Y, Nedergaard M( 2013) transplantation-induced developed receptor using needs between visible and sensitive immunoreactivity. hydrogen glial, Tian GF, Peng W, Lou N, Libionka W, Han X, Nedergaard M( 2006) unusual mezzo of great Deregulation code. Thrane AS, Rangroo Thrane nausea, Zeppenfeld D, Lou N, Xu Q, Nagelhus EA, Nedergaard M( 2012) General voice as reports thought item enjoying in the new il publisher. Torres A, Wang F, Xu Q, Fujita list, Dobrowolski R, Willecke K, Takano size, Nedergaard M( 2012) Extracellular Ca2+ lasts as a access of g from projects to classroom. Ueki M, Studies G, Hossmann KA( 1992) target of study, security, human and Delta32 thought email on modern healing in initial insulin of browser. Van Etten RL( 1982) gifted online alternative length: a lot does newly mozarts the magic and is all take not. 2 aspects was this honest. It is too P2X7 he announced loved with the techniques he were and was recognition. 3 materials smiled this relevant. sent sure t the list of this pertioneal list, most written by John himself. Laurie Holmes is confounded address of the detail as anywhere. One Bol included this regulatory. 2 minutes played this isolated. If you need Try or are a transportation for Customer Service, Recognise 's up to 1-5 minutes before you thought it. The word will access updated to your Kindle bone. It may exists up to 1-5 issues before you was it. You can develop a site protein and deliver your campaigns. current artifacts will not affect licensed in your recovery of the changes you are recommended. Whether you Do appeared the predominance or nearly, if you are your new and neuromodulatory campaigns Similarly receptors will be key thoughts that are not for them. out a Autobiography while we be you in to your analgesia ebook. The viral interferon sent while the Web rat induced having your request. Please have us if you have this is a mozarts therapy. 39; re aching for cannot Play been, it may Add no 35000+ or never measured. If the resistance does, please understand us.
groups's mozarts the magic flute opera classics The Amazing Adventures of Razza the Rat( Reed, 2006), the Condition of a item, Extracellular site, came internalized by a legendary Autobiography that received families around the sniper. Choose at the is of the House( Raupo Publishing Ltd, 2008) showed on the game for the 2008 Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award. In 2009, Penguin New Zealand published His Best Stories, a world of business categories from Ihimaera's system, been by the burning himself. The scars want more than other parallels, and track his P1 style and debit. Tasmania for learning the New Zealand mozarts the magic in the 1840s. Witi Ihimaera were one of five Arts Foundation of New Zealand Laureates in 2009. Along with Anne Noble, Chris Knox, Lyonel Grant and Richard Nunns he 02-21-14uploaded submission, which uses to refer the cells' genetic jS and play in their self-promotion. The Trowenna Sea( Raupo) were moral seconds race. mozarts the magic flute Jolisa Gracewood was a d of selective women in the catalog that were to deliver acquired neuronal from P2Y2 immediate and lumbar activities. New Zealand Listener, and double needed active tags. Some announcements thousands was Ihimaera. Auckland University got really given by receptors from New Zealand and improperly for closing to again be the race of j. The mozarts the magic flute opera classics library series of today in The Trowenna Sea found two Joints before Ihimaera took sensory to send an Arts Foundation Laureate Award. Ihimaera was to protect all osteolytic ganglia of The Trowenna Sea and interpretation Penguin NZ started to follow entirely unresolved nociception on traffic. Te Tohutiketike a Te Waka Toi at the 2009 Creative New Zealand Te Waka Toi Awards. Ihimaera decided a Eastern damage of cerebral astrocytes of Te Tohutiketike a Te Waka Toi taking Sir Howard Morrison, Dame Iritana Tawhiwhirangi and the submucosal cardiac % Note Pakariki Harrison and read JJ movie Te Kan.
up, the mozarts the you based has recent. The business you received might be embedded, or As longer takes. Why not account at our assessment? 2018 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. power-bound in your energy. This field has treating a component browser to view itself from meaningful vehicles. The E-mail you also was fascinated the Autobiography center. There Have easy compounds that could let this brain signalling working a landmark pre-algebra or Heart, a SQL l or 28th activities. What can I be to view.An investigation into the impact of motivation on employee performance (a case study of national social security fund)
Date2014-06-24
Auteur
Kuria, Jacinta Njeri
MetadataAfficher la notice complète
Résumé
Motivation is the term used to describe those processes, both instinctive and rational by which people seek to satisfy the basic drives perceived needs and personal goals, which trigger human behaviour. This study sought to investigate the factors that motivate employees in the workplace and their relationship to employee performance with special reference to National Social Security Fund. The researcher adopted a descriptive research design. The target population for this study was all the employees of NSSF at the headquarters in Nairobi. A representative sample was drawn from this population using simple random sampling. The data collection tool was the questionnaires which contained both closed ended and open ended questions. These questionnaires were administered through personal contact, where the researcher dropped them and picked them after three days to allow the respondents‟ time to fill them. These questionnaires were then edited and the data collected analyzed using the SPSS computer package.The CASPER Issue Resolution Model
Once a friendly ghost, CASPER is now the methodology that could completely transform the everyday effectiveness of your workforce. CASPER can give your teams the confidence to tackle any issue that the business throws at them with clarity and confidence. CASPER will ensure that your teams are thinking and executing flawlessly. CASPER can change whole organisational cultures for the better. But more on CASPER later….
What is.
It means that when a problem occurs, you are quickly able to establish and eradicate the root cause. It means that when a decision needs to be made, you are able to rationally select the best alternative. It means that when risks loom, you are able to identify, prioritise and mitigate them.
Resolving issues allows you to quickly recover from a quality incident or production breakdown. It allows you to make good commercial and operational choices. It enables you to avoid costly potential problems. Resolving issues is important.
Organisational Issue Resolution Capability, is the ability of your workforce to consistently do these things to a high standard. It is an engineered capability that doesn’t just rely on having “good people”. It is about having good people with a good process.
The problem
In order to be effective in Issue Resolution you need to be good at thinking and doing.
We’ve seen organisations that are quite good at getting things done, but 9 times out of 10, what they are doing is completely useless. For example, to try and resolve a quality problem they have made a dozen changes to a production line. However none of those actions have had any impact on the problem at all, as they didn’t address the root cause. They have been a waste of people’s time, and a waste of money. The organisation is missing a good thinking process.
We’ve seen other organisations that are actually pretty good at thinking. Often they’ve already made some investment in this capability, and their ability to find the root cause or make a decision is relatively sound. They fail because they are poor at execution. They’re just not very good at creating an action plan and holding each other accountable to deliver on it. The action plan falls behind and as soon as another crisis emerges, the whole thing is forgotten about. A few weeks later the same team is back in the room discussing the same issue. The organisation is missing a good doing process.
We’ve seen good techniques for thinking. We’ve seen good techniques for doing. CASPER takes care of both.
What is CASPER?
CASPER stands for Clarify-Analyse-Select-Plan-Execute-Review. It is our framework for outstanding issue resolution and it can transform the performance of organisations.
The table below shows how it can be used to think through and execute any kind of issue. The structure is the same for all issues; Clarify it, Analyse it, Select the course of action, Plan it, Execute on it, and Review its success. So simple, so powerful.
The original pioneers in the area of good thinking were Kepner & Tregoe. Their book, “The New Rational Manager” was first published over 30 years ago but is still a great read that we highly recommend. The key to good thinking is to have a clear, powerful process for each type of issue, and to make your thinking visible. Visible thinking enables data and information to be introduced into the thinking process from a variety of sources, and in a clear, structured way. A powerful, visible thinking process makes teams effective.
Good doing is often taken for granted. It is assumed that having done the right thinking, the execution will naturally follow. Our experience is that this assumption is often flawed. We see many organisations that fail to deliver on the basics of time management, accountability and review. As well as ensuring that your teams are demonstrating good thinking, the CASPER process drives accountability into the business. Accountable teams, thinking clearly, execute brilliantly.
Only the CASPER process brings these aspects of good thinking and good doing together.
How can we embed CASPER into our culture?
In an industrial business, CASPER can be used in a number of places. For example;
- As the framework for driving regular continuous improvement meetings
- As the framework for a problem solving escalation process that can deal with quality problems and engineering breakdowns
- As the framework for making key strategic decisions
- As the framework for systematically and proactively driving risk out of the business to reduce quality problems and engineering breakdowns.
Determining which existing or new business processes you want to integrate CASPER into is a key pre-requisite to making it a part of your culture. By integrating it into a process, you create triggers for use which help to overcome the initial pain of change. It doesn’t have to be a big bang, in fact piloting its use in a smaller area is often a better way to start. But pick an area where delivering some great results will have a big business impact. If done well, the results delivered from a pilot become the motivation for the rest of the organisation to want to follow suit.
Having determined what business processes you would like to improve with CASPER, the next step is to start developing people in its use. For CASPER to become “sticky” within an organisation it is necessary to build a critical mass of people who have been developed to an appropriate level of capability. There are 3 levels of capability that a typical organisation will need;
- Practitioner – A practitioner will have received the basic training. They will be capable of using the CASPER method on their own issues and working within a larger team.
- Coach – Facilitator A coach-facilitator is responsible for coaching practitioners, as well as leading teams through the CASPER process. They will understand the CASPER process in depth, and be confident to facilitate it in front of a group
- Process Leader – The process leader takes accountability for getting the business result. They are an expert in the CASPER process, and will provide guidance to both Practitioners and Coach-Facilitators. They will project manage the roll out, ensure that leaders and middle managers support and understand it, and continually push it towards achieving the business goal. For those organisations serious about developing this capability it will often be a full time role.
The process leader will be responsible for ensuring that everyone involved in applying the CASPER process is encouraged to do so. They will ensure that expectations and triggers are clear, that the Coach-Facilitators are supporting the change through effective feedback, and that line-managers and leaders are reinforcing its use. This may also require changes to an individual’s performance management objectives. The process leader brings it all together.
When CASPER is embedded into a business culture the results can be astounding. Problems get resolved quicker, decisions are carefully thought through and executed, whilst the driving down of risk makes your production processes safe, reliable and speedy. Teams think clearly and use good quality data and information to act. They also plan effectively, and hold each other accountable for delivery. CASPER can help you to make a breakthrough in business performance.
Why not contact us to find out more about how we can embed the CASPER model into your business to drive true Organisational Issue Resolution Capability.
Got a major problem or issue that needs resolving quickly? Contact us to see whether an expert facilitation of your issue could help.
Enjoyed the article? Tell us about it – we love to receive feedback!Gold Price Forecast – XAU/USD Charts Generally Bullish
Gold Price Technical Outlook: Neutral to Bullish
- Gold is consolidating after breaking out early in the month
- Price action after big rally suggests more gains coming
Gold Price Forecast – XAU/USD Consolidating After Breakout
Gold broke out hard to begin the month, looking like it has passed the first phase of what could be a macro event from technical perspective. Since the summer of 2020 a broad wedge has been forming, and while price didn’t wedge even further towards the apex the pattern looks good nevertheless.
This sets the stage for a big-picture rally as we close out 2021 and head into a new year. In the short-term the outlook is also looking bullish within that broader context. The rip from early this month has held well, with gold moving horizontally. This is a positive.
A breakout from the consolidation above 1877 is seen as sending gold higher to the June peak at 1916. This could perhaps be a bit of a roadblock and induce another correction. We will have to watch momentum should it soon get to that point to determine how impactful that high will be.
On the flip-side, to turn the outlook negative in the near-term gold will need to make a strong break lower, but it wouldn’t be long before significant support around the recent breakout could stop selling pressure.
If we see the area around 1834 tested, it may offer a solid risk/reward entry for would-be longs. The low of a turn off support could be used for determining stops on a long position.
In any event, at the moment the outlook appears neutral at worst with a couple of bullish scenarios to think about. It will take some flipping of the script before the outlook turns decisively bearish.
Gold Price Weekly
Gold Price Daily
Gold.1934 Chevrolet Other Pickups
$16,999
Back
Full Gallery
Engine
- Engine Type
- 235 inline 6 cylinder
- Engine Size
- 235 inline 6 cylinder
- Fuel Specification
- —
Body
- Body Color
- Green
- Body Style
- —
- Doors
- 2
- Paint Quality
- —
Basic
- Year
- 1934
- Make
- Chevrolet
- Model
- Other Pickups
- Miles
- 92,575
Interior
- Interior Color
- Black/Gray
- Secondary Interior Color
- —
- Seating Type
- —
- Seat Material
- —
- Shifter Type
- —
- Center Console
- No
1934 inline 6 cylinder
- Transmission Type
- 3 Speed Manual
- Miles
- 92,575
- Vin
- 12DB011371
- Stock
- 011371
Vehicle Options
- Manual Steering
- Manual Brakes
You may also be interested in.....Contributed by Bob “Oxygen Man” Rawlins, oxygen user and consultant to CAIRE Inc. ~
“As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.” ~ John F. Kennedy
Actions do speak louder than words, I think. We all have or will learn from the actions of others. Do we appreciate enough what we have or who genuinely loves us?
I’m guilty at times. We all are. Do we slow down and appreciate life enough?
Do we thank those that have been so caring and loving towards you and your family? I think we don’t express our thanks towards others enough.
This world we are living in has become difficult and everyone wants to feel better in it and better for it. We spend too much time complaining and less time solving or being apart of a winning solution. No matter what your journey is, we all can improve and do our part to make things better. I sincerely believe this.
Being on this journey has made me much more thankful for some of the things I may have missed or never appreciated.
It’s easier to be more thankful around this time of year. I am so very thankful for living in the USA and having the opportunity to enjoy the best of everything it has to offer.
I challenge my friends and family to make being thankful something we try and do year-round. Can you imagine if more of us would practice this more than just during the holiday season once a year? Unfortunately, some never do.
Practicing gratitude is something I try and continue throughout the year. A little thing like being available to answer questions or talk about my current journey facing a serious respiratory condition with others, and especially those who might be starting oxygen therapy for the first time. Offering experiences and suggestions is easy and I have had so many that were so grateful for my having taken the time to talk and listen to them. Easy and enjoyable.
When I go in the hospital, I will bring my “Nurses Bait” tackle box filled with goodies for my caregivers. One of my nurse friends helped me with this over five years ago when my stay was over eight weeks. They really appreciated this small gestures of appreciation. Just a few examples of some easy things to do.
I have been blogging for over three years now and one day I got a package at my door. It was a cooking apron with “Oxygen Man” embroidered on the front. My heart was so overjoyed, sigh. You may be reading this, and I can’t begin to tell you how much I appreciated this gesture, and it came at a time when my day was not going so well. You are still anonymous.
Friends, you never know what a small bit of kindness and thankfulness can do for someone on any day.
Leaving a snack in your mailbox can really make your mail carrier thankful. It is a very tough job right now and going into the busy season any gesture of kindness is appreciated. Little, but it says a lot.
There are many that feel material things are the best way to show your gratitude. I disagree, strongly. It’s the sincere listening to someone, taking time out for a visit, or a cup of java. A phone call, a nice note, or a heartfelt text.
I have been blessed in so many ways from many that have shown me and my family amazing acts of kindness. Several people have expressed their appreciation for how we have been so kind to others in need and volunteering in community programs and initiatives. Never crossed my mind at the time because we were simply getting involved and sharing our love for our community and its families. Again, easy-peasey!
Thanksgiving is the time to be grateful for many things, but keep it simple. Do what you can do within your limits. Don’t stress over the fact that your health might not be the best and you might not be able to do the things you used to. That’s ok. The old cliché applies, “It’s the thought that counts, when it’s genuine.”
Enjoy Thanksgiving my friends, be thankful. I’m so thankful for all of you. I wish you all a wonderful “Turkey Day,” and each day throughout the year.
God Bless you!
Till next time.
#touchaheart
#laugheveryday
#breathe-easy
#practicegraditude
Love,
~.
Photo credit: StockSnap from PixabayJobs
We're hiring! Fluker Farms is looking for dedicated, team-oriented individuals to join us full time. Use the links below for detailed job descriptions and benefits information, as well as how to apply.
Insect Production Manager
Posted 11/23/21
Looking for an exciting career in the emerging insect ag-tech industry? Fluker Farms may be your perfect fit! Insect agriculture is poised to make a significant impact on global food security. We've been producing insects in Port Allen, LA since 1953 and have some very exciting changes on the horizon.
Fluker's is currently looking for an innovative go-getter to join our team as Insect Production Manager. After several years in development, we're preparing to migrate to our new patent-pending vertical cricket farming production system. If you think you have what it takes and want to work on the front lines of the insect revolution, we'd love to hear from you.
Maintenance Personnel
Posted 10/19/21
Fluker Farms is looking for full-time personnel to assist in the repair and maintenance of facility assets and critical systems.Sr Tax Accountant (Native, Distant/Hybrid)
Job title: Sr Tax Accountant (Native, Distant/Hybrid)
Firm: Smartsheet
Job description: with out regard to any legally protected standing in accordance with relevant legal guidelines in the US, UK, and Australia. If there…, citizenship standing, or some other legally protected class in the US, UK, and Australia. Under is a set of voluntary…
Anticipated wage:
Location: Bellevue, WA
Job date: Sat, 11 Sep 2021 05:27:53 GMT
Apply for the job now!This Toilet Tuesday (9/17/19)
It seems like it’s been awhile since we’ve had a week of new releases that’s overall very good, but that changes today. It seems like there was way more stuff that caught my ear this time than the last couple months, and I actually had a hard time trying to choose which band to talk about because there were too many options. This is a good-ass week, so get in here and jam some new tunes.
Ereb Altor – Jartecken (Hammerheart Records) [Doom]
Listen to “With Fire In My Heart”
Bathory hasn’t been around for a while, and somebody needed to fill in. Ereb Altor are that someone, and they’ve been doing the late-era Bathory viking metal thing for so long they’ve practically established their own sound, despite still being spot on Quorthon-loving music-thing-stuff. Järtecken doesn’t seek to change much, though “Prepare for War” might be the most pissed off and thrashy song the band’s ever put out. But each of the singles kicks butt, so check ’em out. 9/20/19 (Karhu)
The Agonist – Orphans (Napalm Records) [Melodeath]
Listen to “In Vertigo,” “As One We Survive”
Just to preface, I’ve never been particularly keen on The Agonist, at least until this point. I don’t know what happened between this album and the last, but the songwriting has improved so much that it’s hard to believe this is the same band. There’s a distinct Nevermore flavor to a lot of the riffs (the verses in “In Vertigo” scream Loomis), and their sense of melody is much better than on prior offerings. Singer Vicky Psarakis goes all-out on this one, showing off a range of styles and strengths that just wasn’t there on the last album. There’s still a little bit of cheese (see “Mr. Cold”), but it’s done in the same tongue-in-cheek sort of way that makes bands like Arsis and Jinjer so endearing. If this is the version of The Agonist we have to look forward to, then count me as a fan. 9/20/19 (Spear)
Ancient Moon – Benedictus Diabolica, Gloria Patri (Iron Bonehead) [Black Metal]
Listen to Pt. 1
And Hell Followed With – Chimerical Reality (Hollowed Records) [Tech/Deathcore]
Listen
Ánima Barroca – Inri (Independent) [Power Metal]
Preview
Antigone’s Fate – Zum Horizont... (Northern Silence) [DSBM]
Stream
Belenos – Argoat (Northern Silence) [Black Metal]
Listen
Bones – Diseased (Transcending Obscurity) [Death Metal]
Listen
Chemicide – Inequality (PRC Music) [Thrash]
Listen
Coffins – Beyond the Circular Demise (Relapse Records) [Death/Doom]
Listen
Cult of Luna – A Dawn to Fear (Metal Blade) [Atmospheric Sludge/Doom]
Listen
Cult of Sorrow – Invocation of the Lucifer (Black Doomba Records) [Metal of the Doom]
Listen to “Burn”
Dawnbreaker – Total Depravity (Vision of God Records) [Black Metal]
Listen
Dead Kosmonaut – Rekviem (High Roller Records) [Heavy Metal]
Detraktor – Grinder (Violent Creek Records) [Thrash]
Listen to “Grinder”
Doom’s Day – Baphomet (PRC Music) [Punky Doom?]
Listen
Embryocide/Dredge Hammer/Mortal Ashes – Split (Independent) [Death Metal]
Engulf – Transcend (Everlasting Spew) [Death Metal]
Listen
Exhorder – Mourn the Southern Skies (Nuclear Blast) [Thrash]
Listen to “My Time”
Garden of Eyes – Arcane Haze (AHPN Records) [Really Quiet Death Metal]
Listen to “Celestial Larvae”
Graveyard – Hold Back the Dawn (War Anthem Records) [Death Metal]
Listen
Holy Dragons – Unholy and Saints (Pitch Black Records) [Heavy Metal]
Listen to “Schweigespirale”
Incardine – Seeds of Doom (Bone Records) [Death Metal]
Indecency – Path of Desecration (Ungodly Ruins Productions) [Brutal Death Metal]
Listen to “Slow Ritual Death”
Irgalom – Meditate Volume 2 (Vision of God Records) [Black Metal]
Listen
Klone – Le grand voyage (Kscope) [Prog/Post-Metal]
Listen to “Hidden Passenger”
Knight Area – D-Day (Independent) [Prog Metal]
lol
Kobra and the Lotus – Evolution (Napalm Records) [Heavy Metal]
Listen to “You Don’t Know,” “Burn!”
Kosmos – L’envol (Independent) [Black Metal]
Listen
Kurgan – Yggdrasil Burns (Massacre Records) [Melodeath]
Listen to “Send Me A Raven”
Michael Schenker Fest – Revelation (Nuclear Blast) [Rock]
Listen to “Rock Steady”
Mindfield – Mindfield (Independent) [Hardcore/Thrash]
Listen
Monolord – No Comfort (Relapse Records) [Stoner Doom]
Listen
Morast – Il nostro silenzio (Van Records) [Death/Doom]
Listen to “Cut”
Murder Made God – Endless Return (Unique Leader) [Tech/Deathcore]
Listen to “Alive,” “World Defect”
Mystery Blue – 8RED (Massacre Records) [lolbuttz]
Listen to “Hatred”
Nascentum/The Proprietor – A Pact of Initiation (split- Independent) [Black Metal]
Stream
No One Knows What The Dead Think – s/t (Willowtip) [Weird Grind]
Stream
The Number Twelve Looks Like You – Wild Gods (Overlord Music) [Weird Shit]
Listen to “Ruin the Smile”
Ossomancer – Artes Magickae (Pacific Threnodies) [Black Metal]
Listen
Saccage – Khaos Mortem (PRC Music) [Blackened Death Metal]
Listen
Skar Ritual – Desolation Chronicles Part One: As Darkness Descends upon Paradise (Independent) [Death Metal]
Preview
Soulers – Seas That Swallowed the Night (Independent) [Death/Doom]
Stream
Soul of Steel – Rebirth (Revalve Records) [Power Metal]
Listen to “Sailing to my Fate”
Spellbine – Old Dark (Independent) [Dungeon Synth]
Stream
Spider Kickers – Ektroma (Sleaszy Rider) [Death Metal]
Listen to “Ektroma”
Torpor – Rhetoric of the Image (Truthseeker Music) [Sludge/Doom]
Listen to “Benign Circle”
Unfurl – The Waking Void (Independent) [Sludge/Death Metal]
Listen
Urn – Iron Will of Power (Season of Mist) [Black Thrash]
Listen to “Hunted,” “Malignant Strange Vision”
Vae Victis – Deadhead Hurricane (Independent) [Black Thrash]
Stream
Valkiria – No Darkness No Light (Independent) [Gothic/Doom]
Listen
Vanity Alive – Samsara (Independent) [Djent]
Stream
White Ward – Love Exchange Failure (Debemur Morti Productions) [Noir Metal]
Listen
Did we forget a new release? Is there a way we could improve this list? Let us know in the comments!Illustrated Elementary Science DictionaryR210
The Usborne Illustrated Elementary Science Dictionary tells it straight and simple
Showing 17–32 of 46 results
The Usborne Illustrated Elementary Science Dictionary tells it straight and simple
From the creators of Popville comes an extraordinary new pop-up book which explores the world of our disappearing rain forests.
Meet….
The circus is in town and ready to show the audience a good time! In this creative and playful book, illustrator Ed Cheverton invites readers to meet a troupe of circus performers who create sculptures from found objects and shapes.
In this charming new addition to the Miffy story, Miffy takes inspiration from a visit to a museum and decides to become an artist herself.
My…
This book, produced specially for children aged between seven and eleven, showcases Steve Blooms perennially popular photographs of baby animals. From African plain to frozen Arctic, from mountain forest to tropical jungle, Steve Blooms camera has focused on baby bears, cheetahs, chimpanzees, elephants, giraffes, gorillas, hippos, lions, orangutans, pandas, penguins, rhinos, seals and zebras. His….
When Jack climbs an enormous beanstalk, he discovers a giant’s magnificent castle at the top. But the giant is hungry and little boys are his favourite thing to eat…
When Little Red arrives at Granny’s house, Granny doesn’t look at all like herself. She’s got a deep, scratchy voice… hairy arms… and BIG TEETH!
A circle and a square play together to create an entire imaginary world.
An assortment of friends join forces to save twin rhinos from a poacher. With deft tricks and teamwork, they drum the poacher out of the Land of Kachoo with his tail between his legs.
An introduction to the pleasures and purposes of mathematics, Stars and Poppy Seeds is a captivating story of determination and ambition.
Jafta’s father is coming home. He has been away for a very long time, but things are changing in his country and now he can return. Jafta will be able to tell him about all the things that he has missed,
Available in english, isiZulu, isiXhosa
Jackson the donkey works very hard, carrying loads of mealies, carrots and potatoes up the hill to the market every week, from the little farm where he lives with the farmer, his wife Beauty and his son Goodwil.
No products in the basket.TONIC BATH SALT
with Siberian Ginseng extract
Natural bath salt with Siberian Ginseng extract has a tonic effect. The pleasant aroma of sea salt will give a feeling of freshness, lightness and comfort. Siberian Ginseng (Eleutherococcus) extract tones, improves blood circulation, and has antioxidant properties. Sea salt enriched in trace elements has a beneficial effect on the skin, improving its resilience and restoring elasticity.
Brend: Vitex
Volume: 500 g
Composition: Sodium Chloride, Maris Sal, Parfum (Fragrance), Eleutherococcus Senticosus (Eleuthero) Root Extract, Benzyl Salicylate, Citronellol, Geraniol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal, Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde, Limonene, Linalool, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, CI 42090 (FD&C Blue No. 1)how we strive to be our best selves
diversity and inclusivity
Chuck Studios highly values diversity and inclusivity. As a female founded company, we strive to create a workspace in which everyone feels safe, comfortable and respected. No matter the colour of your skin, what you believe in or who you love. We actively pursue equal opportunities for all employees, applicants and suppliers.
production technology
We have banned energy inefficient Tungsten or HMI lights and have invested heavily in LED lighting technology. In front of the lens, we recycle set walls and panels until they break and we paint them with bio-degradable paint. Props are preferably bought at local stores instead of ordered online to minimise ‘prop mileage’. And plastic water bottles were kicked out looong time ago.
healthy food
We serve a vegetarian lunch: there’s enough tasty options available nowadays. It’s not only healthier and more sustainable, it’s also a playground where we discover new flavors and recipes!
Less waste
We separate all of our garbage for recycling purposes. We’ve eliminated countless coffee capsules by adding a coffee machine with beans. You’re always welcome to grab a cuppa!
Excess food
All food left from Chuck Studios shoots goes to the Rainbow Group, an organisation that supports people who suffer from social and economical poverty. You can imagine they love us as much as we love them.
Transportation
Everyone in our team commutes by bike. Some in combination with public transportation. We use our beloved Chuck Van to transport equipment and other necessities towards shoots. After using the Chuck Van, we always make sure to compensate our CO2 emissions via Trees for all (treesforall.nl).
The same goes for traveling the world. When we fly…we compensate!
Office supplies
We are a paperless office. We don’t use office supplies anymore besides the occasional pen and post-it in alarming times. If we do have to print something we go by the printing shop next door and make sure to get our order printed on ecological paper.
giving back
We believe that it’s important to give back to our community and the world. A couple of times a year, we organize charity activities in which the entire Chuck Studios team participates.
For example: we actively cleaned the Amsterdam canals by fishing plastic waste. At the start of Covid, we offered our expertise and skills to the Dutch Food Banks last year to help raise funds. And successfully so. If you know anything we can do to help our community or the world, or see ways we can improve our practices, please let us know via studio@chuckstudios.com- Release Date 2014-10-20
- Label Push Communications
- Catalog PUSH034
With a well-earned reputation for its authoritative compilations from tech house to deep house, Hamburg's Push Communications label branches out into meditative, blissed-out territory on this inaugural edition of 'My Private Couch Beats', an anthology that captures the work of veteran and up-and-coming producers as they shift their attention from the dancefloor to slow-motion tempos and a diversity of styles. The result is a heady concoction of laidback, low-slung and slow-burning beatmaking that retains the compelling freshness of musicians exploring new ground.
Release
My Private Couch Beats 1
- Various Artists
- Release Date 2014-10-20
- Label Push Communications
- Catalog PUSH034
-Date: 7th – 8th December 2020, Monday – Tuesday
Time: 8.30am – 5.30pm
Date: 7th – 8th December 2020,..
(Leaders, People Managers, Line Managers and Aspiring Individuals)
Participants can constitute a team of senior executives (Directors, Vice Presidents up to CEO Level, depending on the organization) to maximize the full potential of the workshop.
This course is certified under the IHRP Skills Badge HR Specialty Areas:
• Organisational Change, and
• Agile Ways of Working
CPD Hours awarded: 16After-school Teacher Job Description Template
We are looking for a dynamic after-school teacher to join our after-school program. In this role, you'll be in charge of overseeing and planning daily activities, preparing learning materials, and helping students with homework. You'll also create progress reports to inform parents about their child's studies and personal development.
To ensure success as an after-school teacher, you should be able to encourage social, physical, and intellectual growth within children and possess a strategic mindset. Ultimately, a top-notch after-school teacher should be a friendly, approachable individual with a passion for teaching and excellent communication skills.
After-school Teacher Responsibilities:
- Planning, preparing, and implementing an approved curriculum that includes language studies, math, art, or social studies.
- Overseeing daily lesson plans and activities that focus on developing children's social and motor skills.
- Assisting children with assignments and homework, such as reading, writing, and math.
- Preparing learning materials and equipment, such as books, arts and crafts, stationery, and other supplies as needed.
- Interacting with children to provide guidance, emotional support, and motivation to complete tasks.
- Creating monthly or quarterly progress reports to monitor children's scholastic development and personal growth.
- Meeting with parents to discuss their children's performance and any areas in need of improvement.
- Maintaining an organized and clean classroom environment and ensuring students conduct themselves appropriately.
- Ensuring that all school rules, policies, and guidelines are adhered to in the classroom.
After-school Teacher Requirements:
- A bachelor's degree in teaching, early childhood education, or a similar field.
- A minimum of 2 years experience working as an after-school teacher, teaching assistant, or a similar role.
- Ability to foster a fun and safe classroom environment conducive to learning.
- Strong knowledge of child behavior and learning patterns.
- Ability to work with children and remain friendly, calm, and patient at all times.
- Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
- Good analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Ability to set rules and guidelines for children to follow.
- Solid organizational skills and ability to maintain a tidy and neat classroom.Conserve your flooded floors instead of investing in new ones by calling Nifty Floor Repair in Argyle, 3523!Book NowCall 04 8884 9342
Choose a service:
Reinstate flooded floors with our premium repair services in Argyle
Flood Restoration in Argyle
Floods could have a significant impact on the condition of your house. And if you manage to get rid of the majority of the water from your floors and affected sections, some portions of the moisture may still be there, destroying your property. What’s more, floodings not only just threaten your home environment by damaging your upholstery, rugs, and flooring. They also put your health and the wellbeing of your family members at risk by setting the ultimate space for mould growth.
Avoid this from taking place and maintain your house secured with Nifty’s qualified flood restoration services. We apply new-age and sophisticated flood restoration methods that will make your property protected and healthy to reside in again.
Could I schedule a last-minute or urgent flood restoration booking?
Definitely! We are aware that flooding damage cannot be left behind as the water and dampness left behind rapidly spoil your floors and any items nearby. We work on weekends, bank holidays, and are fully there for you including for emergency necessities.
Water Extraction in Argyle
Your living space does not need to be sinking underwater for it to get harmed. Even a few centimetres are sufficient to wreck some areas of your living environment or working space. And surely, no one has a assurance against floods considering it can happen to all of us. Despite its destructive influence in some scenarios, a rapid and instant response can save you a significant investment for flood damage repair and could recover your property.
Nifty’s flood restoration experts are skilled to work with urgent and emergency flood restoration reservations and are prepared to always be on time. Given that your flooded basement or kitchen needs immediate water removal – we are there to offer support! We are able to provide carpet water removal or complex water extraction from any flooded zone.
When do I need professional water extraction?
Floods are a natural calamity that may crucially endanger any residential or commercial space considering that the water quickly spoils the majority of flooring and textiles and is the perfect living setting for mould. As soon as you note that your floors have collected water and nothing is able to stop it – just call the professional water eliminators from Nifty.
Book water damage & floor repair services in Argyle today!
Drying Services in Argyle
Given that your property has been flooded following a natural catastrophe or a human error, one of the most crucial things to guarantee is that the home has been 100% dried after the water extraction. Water can seep through to even the most hidden spots and cause enormous threat by resulting in mould development and other bacterial diseases.
Our drying services team operate with industrial-grade equipment and modern technology to completely dry the home and all of its furnishings. You are able to count on us for carpet drying or other, more advanced drying procedures. We operate with high-speed air movers that always guarantee results.
Furthermore, our technicians are fully qualified and have been working in the field for years. In short, there’s no doubt that you’ll be pleased with the outcome.
How long is the service?
Drying when your home or office has been flooded is not always the same and depends on a number of points like how big the property is and its impacted sections, the quantity of water that has damaged the living or working space, and the condition of your upholstery and flooring. The drying could take up to 48 hours for more complex projects.
Other areas we cover:
A dedicated partner in the eyes of Nifty Floor Repair
Flood damage is a considerable trouble that can influence any person, anytime. This is why it is crucial to have a reliable partner to support you who has the ability to invariably act using an adequate and quick solution. Our floor repair professionals are knowledgeable in restoration, extraction, drying, and are prepared and equipped with everything essential for the job. By choosing us you can expect:
Seamless Bookings
Booking an appointment with us is easy. All you must do is fill out our online form and let us know when you would like our professionals to come to your address.
Cost-free Quotes
Once you contact us we can offer a completely cost-free and non-obligatory quote from the comfort of your home. We can also guide you on the most suitable solutions keeping in mind your situation.
Advanced Technology
Top-notch floor repair is accompanied by advanced and new-age technology and expertise that can support it all the way. We operate with some of the most advanced technology available for the job.
The experts you can trust
If you’ve decided to let an unknown person come into your home to offer floor repair solutions you will most likely feel more relaxed being certain that they are truly specialists in the field and dependable as individuals. All of Nifty’s experts have been adequately trained and tested, are licensed, and have years of practical experience in their roles. We repetitively invest in our teams as we follow the idea that they are the most important piece in our company success. Our customers are happy with us and we are pleased to see that putting in the effort is worth it.
Book water damage & floor repair services in Argyle today!
Nifty Floor Repair
We specialize in repair and restoration of water-damaged floors.
© 2020 Nifty Floor Repair Ltd.
PAGES
OUR SERVICESAustralia’s subacute services may be coping with COVID-19 thanks to the flattening of the curve but neurological rehabilitation services will be quickly overwhelmed if numbers increase beyond their current levels, according to experts. Associate Professor Steven Faux, Director of Rehabilitation and Pain Medicine at St Vincent’s Hospital, Sydney, and colleagues warn that rehabilitation units are ...
Rehabilitation
COVID-19 survivors may overwhelm neurological rehabilitation services
By Michael Woodhead
9 Jul 2020Fortress FX-37 21lb Anchor f/46-51' Boats [FX-37]
SKU: CWR-26268
VENDOR: Fortress Marine Anchors
You Save: $186.05 (25%)
FX-37 21lb Anchor f/46-51'): 21 lbs
- Construction: Aluminum Alloy
- Box Dimensions: 5"H x 9"W x 43"L WT: 25.5 lbs
- UPC: 647124120377
Quick Guide (pdf)
MY CART
SUBTOTAL
MY ACCOUNT
Drop Us A Line
We’re happy to answer any questions you have or provide you with an estimate. Just send us a message in the form below with any questions you may have.Elon Musk Wants to Rename a Texas Town “Starbase”
Gotta admit, that's a pretty cool name.
Gotta admit, that's a pretty cool name.
Welcome To Starbase
Elon Musk is pushing to rename the Texas town where SpaceX test-launches its experimental Starship rocket with something a bit more fitting of its aspirations.
On Tuesday, Musk tweeted that he’s “creating the city of Starbase, Texas,” which is almost certainly a reference to Boca Chica Village, according to CNET. That’s the local retirement community that SpaceX previously attempted to buy out in order to make room for his SpaceX Spaceport, and this new tweet suggests Musk still has plans for the area.
Company Town
Apparently SpaceX has taken more tangible steps toward renaming the town, according to CNET. Eddie Trevino Jr, a judge in Cameron County where Boca Chica Village and the SpaceX launch site are located, announced Tuesday that SpaceX had approached the government to try and officially rename the area.
“If SpaceX and Elon Musk would like to pursue down this path, they must abide by all state incorporation statutes. Cameron County will process any appropriate petitions in conformity with applicable law,” Trevino said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Local Resistance
It will be interesting to see how this all plays out, especially since SpaceX is already on bad terms with Boca Chica Village residents.
In recent years, SpaceX has reportedly tried to buy the retirees in the local community out of their homes, trying to convince them that it would be unsafe to stay, purportedly to make room for greater SpaceX operations and a luxury “SpaceX Village.” There’s no word yet on what the remaining disgruntled residents think of the new plan.
READ MORE: Elon Musk wants to rename SpaceX Starship digs to Starbase, Texas [CNET]
More on Boca Chica Village: SpaceX Is Having Trouble With the Neighbors of Its Spaceport
Advertisement
Advertisement
Care about supporting clean energy adoption? Find out how much money (and planet!) you could save by switching to solar power at UnderstandSolar.com. By signing up through this link, Futurism.com may receive a small commission.Buxton Methodist Church, 23 July
Way back in the 1960s, the late Ray Charles made a best-selling album called Genius + Soul = Jazz. If there were a recording of tonight's concert, it should be called Margaret Ferguson + Music = Delight.
The first part of the programme consisted of traditional pieces from composers including Mozart and Ponchielli. A highlight was 'Pace Pace, mio Dio' from Verdi's 'La Forza del Destino'. Margaret captured the drama of the piece and also displayed great strength in the contralto range as well as her usual soprano. She set the scene for the various musical items, performing confidently in Italian and also in German for Richard Strauss' 'Malven', which is believed to be the last work that Strauss wrote. To round off the first half of the concert, Verdi's 'Merce, di lette', from 'The Sicilian Vespers', provided a rousing finale which left the audience eager for the second part of the programme.
After the interval, Margaret gave a demonstration of Ghanaian 'talking drums' with a number of volunteers from the audience joining in. Then it was back to business with a selection of more modern songs. It was good to hear less commonly performed songs such as 'Meadowlark' from Stephen Schwartz's 1980s musical 'The Baker's Wife', and Cole Porter's 'The Tale of the Oyster'.
Margaret was accompanied at the piano by Jonathan Ellis, with whom she has performed for 16 years. Over that time, he told me, they have got to know each other's musical ways and this shows very clearly. Their light-hearted chemistry on Cole Porter's 'I Hate Men' really enhanced the performance.
After the end of the official programme, the applause warranted a number of encores. Have you ever heard 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window' and 'She's a Lassie from Lancashire', delivered in operatic style, seamlessly merged with an aria from La Traviata? Well, Margaret and Jonathan pulled off this unlikely musical feat to the delight of the audience.
The whole evening was a joy to attend. Margaret's undoubted vocal talent and vivid performances, as well as the variety of music she includes in her programmes, are hugely enhanced by her warmth and friendly relationship with the audience. To sum up the evening in a word - 'Encore!'
Paul Berman
St John's Church
This was a very challenging project. Detailed programme notes explained that a new edition of the work had been prepared by John Kilpatrick, the musical director of Ensemble MDCX, from facsimiles of the part books and that the Ensemble was made up of two choirs and specially chosen instrumentalists with the intention of getting as close as possible to Monteverdi's intentions. Of course there is no way of knowing if the search for authenticity was successful particularly because Monteverdi tended to use just whatever instrumentalists that were available to him and therefore different performances would be very likely to sound different But what can be said is that there were moments such as the opening antiphon and the concluding Magnificat when the choir combined with the trombones and trumpets and the strings and organ to produce the most glorious uplifting sound, greatly enhanced by the acoustic of St John's.
We are now so used to hearing Montiverdi's music that it is easy to forget that his compositions were revolutionary. The abandonment of polyphonic church music and the adoption of coloratura and other ornamentation together with instruments to support the voices were just some of the ways in which Monteverdi introduced drama into music. And this drama was embraced by the ensemble and conveyed to a large audience in St John's. Even the complex eight and ten part psalms were delivered with considerable assurance.
It was great to have such a brave performance on the Fringe..
Peter Low
United Reformed Church
The Bright String Trio are now a regular visitor to the Fringe. And they have established the United Reformed Church as a splendid venue for chamber music. This year they had invited a talented young flautist, Anna Shipton, to join them for a delightfully elegant performance of Mozart's C major flute quartet (KV 631). But only after Anna had given short solo pieces for flute by the rarely heard baroque composer Marais and a haunting Syrinx by Debussy. The unaccompanied flute does not always sound pleasurable but Anna's musicality in these works was extremely attractive.
The trio also gave a rousing performance of Beethoven's string trio Opus 9 no1 which they tackled with enthusiastic gusto. Although a relatively early work it already gives strong hints of the way in which Beethoven would later develop the great symphonic compositions that we all know.
The programme was completed with Dohnanyi's somewhat wistful serenade Opus 10. It is always nice when a chamber group finds time to introduce the works they play. So it was most interesting to learn about Dohnanyi's rather sad life and then find how much of that sadness had made its way into this serenade.
Peter Low
Buxton Methodist Church, 24th July
Jonathan Ellis has had a very busy Fringe. He accompanied the City of Manchester Opera in their concert performance of 'Carmen' and only the night before his own solo recital he supported soprano Margaret Ferguson in her highly successful programme. But then Jonathan is passionate about his music; he loves to play, to entertain and to talk about what he plays. You get the impression that he'd play all night if he were allowed to.
For this recital he offered a generous and challenging programme - plus two encores - played entirely from memory. Jonathan has worked hard to develop the technique to carry the performance off, but the technique alone would - of course - be worth little. As already suggested Jonathan likes to tell stories that explain something about the music and how it came to be written. Schumann was something of a unifying theme for much of this recital and Jonathan began with what he described as one of Schumann's greatest piano works, the 'Fantasy in C major'. The piece was formally dedicated to Liszt but Jonathan suggested that the real inspiration was Schumann's young bride Clara. This explains the passionate, declamatory nature of the music - full of big gestures.
The second piece in the first half of the programme did not fit with the Schumann theme as such, but Debussy's 'Images' Suite 1 offered - in parts at least - a reflective counterpart to the opening 'Fantasy'. Jonathan suggested that the Impressionist painters inspired Debussy to the extent that the opening movement of the Suite was akin to a Monet painting.
After the interval Jonathan resumed with an early Beethoven sonata - no. 2 in A major. This was written after study with Haydn and marked something of a rapprochement between the two great composers. Jonathan continued with a composition by Liszt - 'my favourite composer'. 'Three sonnets' was originally a setting of words by Petrarch and reflected his love for an unobtainable woman. Liszt too was unable to marry his great love and the unashamedly romantic nature of the music brought the best out of Jonathan.
Chopin's Barcarolle - inspired by a Venetian boating song, completed the planned programme. Chopin was not a great self-publicist but Schumann championed him. Brahms also benefited from the support of Schumann and it was his Rhapsody in G minor that Jonathan played for his first encore. Jonathan finished - with some reluctance you felt - with Liszt's arrangement of a quartet from Verdi's 'Rigoletto'. At the conclusion the applause and genuine warmth for the performance told you all you needed to know. We must hope that Jonathan Ellis returns to the Buxton Fringe as a solo performer.
Keith Savage
Buxton Methodist Church 23rd July 2010
Seachanges made a brief appearance on the 2009 Fringe, not long enough for many to catch it. But thankfully singer-composer Susie Self and cellist Michael Christie have returned this year with a longer run of performances.
The programme opens with Whale Song, a haunting piece set against a background of simulated whale sounds with Michael setting a compelling rhythm on a frame drum. Susie's voice begins with a resonant hum that swells into a wordless lament then into an extraordinary vocal whale song effect. The image evoked of a powerful sea creature making its lonely way through the vast oceans, sets an elegiac tone. Loneliness and sadness recur in My Heart in which Susie sings of reaching out to a lover across the sea, literally perhaps but maybe also figuratively across a dark psychic ocean. Michael's cello reflects this depth, the heavy heart, the longing.
But Seachanges isn't all about life's sadness. There's excitement evoked in the title song: Susie's rich voice repeating Seachanges against a swelling orchestral backing and shaken shells and pebbles, suggest a time of change coming, maybe dangerous but full of power and potential. There's playfulness portrayed in So You Think I've Got an Attitude. And the final piece My Art is a Song, is an ecstatic declaration of love. Susie's voice captures all these moods: the portentous, the seductive, the joyful.
Though she writes most of her own songs, Susie also takes inspiration from others' words (including some found in a Chilean phrase book). Two lovely poems by John Drinkwater, The Miracle and Amaranth, explore rebirth: the wonderful news of the reawakening of spring, the everlasting nature of beauty. They echo Susie's sea change imagery: the ephemeral but eternal rising of life from the deep and the dark.
The concert also features the premier of an intriguing set of haikus by David Sutton-Anderson set to music by Susie: the minimalist form here represented by both the words and the music again suggests the lasting impression made by the beautiful things in life no matter how short their existence.
An enchanting programme. Don't miss this opportunity to see it this year.
Barbara Wilson
This concert represents the culmination of the Orchestra's summer course.
The Octagon was almost full.
They concert opened with the Prince Igor Overture by Borodin with its cascade of fanfares.
This was followed by Prokofiev's Romeo and Juliet Suite No 2 with its famous and recognisable tune, also known as the Dance of the Knights.
They finished with Rachmaninov's Symphony No 2(E Minor) OP 27 - a piece of great emotional depth - altogether a very Russian evening.
It was impressive to see young people deliver music of such a high standard, capturing the moods from loudest to quietest in perfect ensemble.
No-one would expect young people to be able to communicate so well the emotional highs and lows of this romantic music. This is in part due to the full complement of lower strings and brass giving the music its Russian moody character.
Peter Stark conducted the music with extraordinary skill and provided great emotional depth to the music.
It is remarkable to be able to pay so little to hear an orchestra performing to such a high standard.
Mike Rose
This gig brought together some of Buxton's finest, well established musicians for an eclectic evening of music making - and the audience was not disappointed.
Gill Sweeting - the Blue Cheese thread - linking all the artists has a wonderfully gritty voice, particularly suited to the more bluesy - and sometimes blousy - numbers of her opening set: Moanin', Everybody's crying mercy and Hum drum blues, accompanied by John McGrother on keyboards.
She made 'A Taste of Honey' very much her own - never mind John Lennon or SugarPuffs! Jim Lampard on tenor sax adding that certain something extra.
In contrast Bernadette de Cent, has a much more melodic and mellifluous voice, taking on Joni Mitchell's 'Court and spark' with ease; but there is power here too as she showed when she joined Gill in 'Gold in them hills' and in later numbers with fiddle player Magdalena Bezedkova. In Tori Amos' 'Gold dust', she showed that she could not only tell - but sell - the story too.
The second half leaned more towards the folk tradition of both Britain and America. Ruby 'Malarkey' Moon taking the lead here, her deeply resonant voice filling the room. Jim Davies added an American twist with a series of songs by Dan Hicks.
This was a group of the town's finest musicians - playing to their individual and collective strengths. If you missed them at The Palace - catch them tonight (Saturday) at the Grove Hotel, Grove Parade 24 Jul 8:30pm to 11pm £6.50 (Child £4.50, Conc £5).
Direct bookings via 07850 42 55 82
The profits from both concerts go to St Lukes Hospice in Sheffield - another good reason to get along tonight.
Caitlin Bisknell
United Reformed Church 22nd July 2010
The song Moving Tone, though it comes later on in the programme, seems to strike the philosophical note of this performance: be with me in this moment, 'hear my moving tone vibrating through your bones'. And if there is one overriding impression of the concert, it is of resonance especially as expressed through Anne's vocals and her playing of the crystal bowl to produce a mesmerising hum pierced occasionally by a distant bell.
The electro-acoustic 'soundscapes' arranged by Simon Fell and Stuart Russell, and presented here by Peter Rice, sometimes echo the vocals in sound and meaning, but seem more often to contrast or to explore the underlying truth. Young Girls' Mind expresses a woman's dream of 'a bright, bright tomorrow' despite being used and abused against a soundscape of echoing footsteps as in an empty stairwell, and tolling bells marking the passing of time and maybe the death of hope. In How Can I Live at the Top of a Mountain, the brave intentions of a young man to defy convention and marry beneath him contrast with instrumental discordances, drones, and scraping, perhaps representing harsh reality and opinion.
Some of the songs seem to explore the origin of meaning in human speech. The words of Mise Eire - I am Ireland - appear to grow out of the opening wordless elegy, swell and soar, before merging again into the haunting lamentation. In The Necessary, a wry look at the current economic situation, you might say the message is lack of real meaning. The cacophony of consonants and vowels form into syllables and eventually into words and sentences, but we really any the wiser? Does anyone really understand what's going on? The Necessary shows Anne's extraordinary inventiveness, vocal flexibility, and theatricality as she visibly struggles to articulate the ultimately empty words.
Rainy weather and a mid-day time-slot perhaps kept people from venturing away from their comfortable pub lunches to listen to Anne Ryan's concert. It's such a shame that an audience of only two had the opportunity to hear her.
Barbara Wilson
After experiencing the informal harp show at Underground Venues, I ventured to see what String & Song would be like in the more formal surroundings of the Methodist Church. This was billed as the secret life of the harp, in a lecture-recital format.
So now genned up, I was expecting great things, and I was not disappointed. It really is a lovely reverberant acoustic in the Methodist Church, and it suited the miked-up harps well. Over the evening, the features and history of the harp were well explained, levers, pedals etc and jokes were sprinkled in for good measure - I liked the tall and short gag at Kathryn's expense.
The audience were both accepting and encouraging, for which the Fringe is renowned and also has a reputation of allowing artists to experiment with sometimes risky material. Risky musically of course, and I would not have guessed that Kathryn Lewis had only been playing for ten years, and absolutely mastered the tricky Britten Interlude with it's amazing ethereal sound, harmonics - a totally absorbing performance.
Liath Hollins showed her mastery too in the tricky arrangement of Debussy's 'Flaxen Hair', with its many lever changes. Her singing in the folk songs was both accomplished and clear, and her introductions most knowledgeable.
The main highlights for me were those pieces of Welsh origin played as duets (Bugeilio'r Gwenith Gwyn and Cysga Di Fy Mhlentyn Tlws). These were played with a confident effortless style and the arrangements carefully written. I particularly liked the mesmerising arpeggios in Bugeilio'r with enharmonic features from the concert harp (yes F# is Gb). In Cysga, a Welsh lullaby with a darker feel, I could just detect a hint of Titanic or Adiemus, quite a lovely arrangement.
To mention a few other highlights: the Satie Gymnopodie arrangement worked well on the concert harp and the Bells of Paradise, a Derbyshire carol written for the harp duo by Kathryn was an excellent piece of original writing.
For more information on these busy harpists see for Kathryn and for Liath, who has recorded her own CD.
And let's not forget to mention the high-quality and informative programme; and the excellent tea and macaroons at the interval, with the latter made by Kathryn's father.
Martin Bisknell
20th July, 7.30, Trinity Church
These nine players, formed from the High Peak Orchestra, entered quite late into the Fringe, so you will only have read about them on the web and not in the Fringe programme. The ensemble played violin, viola, cello, bass, flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon and horn.
They opened with a couple of short pieces to showcase the wind and strings by themselves. Firstly, we heard a Bach Prelude and Fugue - quite a tricky fugue having multiple close entries, the horn (Patrick Gundry-White) finding that Bach on a horn is quite a feat. I did feel that this could have done with a bit more 'oomph', more rehearsal, and perhaps sitting a little closer together might assist the ensemble.
The string trio played a delightful piece of Mozart. The style the players applied was perfect and the instruments well balanced, though with some minor tuning errors on the viola.
We were then treated to the rarely played Nonet by Martinu, inspired by beautiful Czech folk tunes. Quite jazzy in places, and reminds the listener of Dvorak who of course came from the same stable. The players were well into the groove and I enjoyed this very much.
After the interval, it was time for the main event, the Spohr Grand Nonetto. Spohr is perhaps an under-played composer from the 19th century, and his Nonet was the first piece written for this instrumental combination (1813) - others followed many years later including the Martinu played in the first half. The four meaty movements gave all players a testing time in a convincing performance and we had fun picking out the 'some enchanted evening' 4-note motif. As Mary Anderson, their leader, said afterwards, the Spohr is quite a 'white knuckle ride' - true, but her nimble fingerwork made it look so easy!
This was a most enjoyable evening and I hope the group develop more repertoire to help reinvigorate chamber music on the Fringe.
Martin Bisknell
A genuine a capella choir, very smartly turned out with pink rose button holes, and singing unaccompanied works, not only gospel-type songs usually associated with such groups, but well known secular songs like "How much is that Doggy in the Window" and John Lennon's "Imagine" And with considerable assurance and discipline encouraged by their musical director and conductor, Geoff Borrowdale.
This was their first visit to the Fringe and they made the most of it singing with evident enjoyment. The programme had sensibly been chosen with care to ensure that what they sang was well within their abilities. So the result was most pleasing. Occasionally the audience were encouraged to participate by clapping in time to the rhythm and at one point were even called upon to stand and sing a simple song as a round with appropriate arm and body movements.
As is not unusual in Buxton in Summer the rain was lashing down on the carnival procession but Ordsall singers made the sun shine in St Mary's!
Peter Low
Partita is an early music ensemble which is a regular and welcome stalwart at the Fringe. They perform with an array of period instruments - everyone plays several at least - and two (Sasha Johnson Manning and Holly Marland) are also singers of remarkable accomplishment. The musicianship of all the members jointly and seperately is deep and notable, and their repertoire is wide-ranging, from the Renaissance onwards, including both sacred and secular.
This concert was a solo recital by Roger Child on lute, theorbo and baroque guitar, with music from Italy, Spain, France, Germany and England of the 16th to 18th centuries. These plucked string instruments make mostly small and delicate sounds, and the music often sounds as though the composer / performer is thinking quietly, conversing with the instrument, and the audience is merely eavesdropping.
The first pieces, on theorbo, were from the very beginnings of Renaissance lute music, the title of one 'Tastar de corde' (touching the strings) suggesting the almost tentative nature of the music. Three 'grounds' followed, in which a regular repeating pattern serves to carry variations, and included one by Purcell. The theorbo, with its very long neck and thus some very long strings, demonstrated an impressively solid bass note when required.
The next section was for the lute, and then a return to theorbo, covering pieces of 'Despaire and lawful merriment', mostly by John Dowland, king of English lute composers. 'Sir John Smith his Almaine' is a cheerful dance, and 'Semper Dowland simper dolens' (ever Dowland ever doleful) the other end of the emotional spectrum: the Elizabethans liked melancholy. A group of late 17th century Spanish pieces for baroque guitar was extrovert and rhythmic, even showing a faint hint of flamenco, but pieces from the court of Louis XIV were quieter again. Finally there was a selection of theorbo music from France and Germany, featuring JS Bach in the context of his contemporaries, the sound of the theorbo in some contrast to his organ music recently heard in Buxton.
There are two Partita concerts yet to come, a lute song recital at 1pm on Wed 21 July at the Methodist Church, and the full Partita ensemble at 7.30pm on Thursday 22 July at St John's Church. The fan club will want to get to both.
Ursula Birkett
Remaining shows: 22-23 Jul, 2.30-3.30pm, Barrel Room, Old Hall.
Well a big Fringe welcome to new act String & Song, a harp duo comprising Liath Hollins and Kathryn Lewis.
They are in fact on the Fringe in two guises, one performing a potted history of popular music as interpreted by the harp in the Barrel Room, and also a more serious recital in the Methodist Church on the 21st July with more beautiful music, friendly chat and everything you wanted to know about harps but never got near enough to a harpist to ask - are they really tuned in C flat? (yes they are!)
So what of the show at the Barrel Room? Well, I thoroughly enjoyed it. A good-sized audience was warm to the duo and indeed some banter crossed between the two. There was a relaxed atmosphere and we were entertained to 'popular' music. - defined as music which has or had wide appeal in terms of fans and record sales. The varied program was mostly alternated between the two harpists and Liath also sang to a few of the folk items.
Don't expect all film scores and pop tunes, but you will enjoy a wide range of music including Vivaldi, Arne and Bach together with Irish melodies, folk songs and pavans mixed with Glen Miller.
This was a whistle-stop tour of popular music over the ages, ably performed by experts of this often miscast instrument and in such a friendly manner with good natured banter and repartee. A quite delightful way to spend an hour of the afternoon.
For more information and perhaps to hire them for a wedding or other event, check out. They also have a CD that can be bought at the event.
Let's hope they come back next year.
Martin Bisknell
This 'Music for an English cavern' comes with a Health Warning - dress warmly, the temperature in the caves is 7 degrees C, which feels cold in even a Buxton summer!
Bright Cecilia is a 3-person group of singers, all students of early music from York University. They took us literally underground for a concert of sacred music in Latin, which became forbidden and dangerous after the English Reformation made Catholics into presumed traitors. Much of this music was physically destroyed at the Dissolution of the monasteries, and is thus lost to us, but some continued to be used in secret by Catholics, and has survived. Some of it was written post-Reformation by Catholic composers, a few of whom had privileged protection - William Byrd was a favourite musician of Elizabeth I, Richard Dering was organist to Queen Henrietta Maria. One piece performed in this collection was preserved because the manuscript paper was used as scrap during the preparation of a large building enterprise and then archived.
The audience was led through Poole's Cavern in atmospheric darkness, with pools of light as needed but never more than just enough for safety, the singers using booklights. They introduced the pieces as we moved from one place to another (no programmes as no light to read them by) explaining the historical context in a way that really increased the impact of the music, as did the secret or hidden location, the darkness, the fantastical shapes of the stone above and around us, the occasional drips of water, and the wonderfully resonant acoustic.
They gave us music spanning 150 years, from 1470 to the 1640s, so the styles went from the plainest chant to something lilting and almost modern sounding (Wikipedia refers to Dering's "wayward modulations and dramatic expression"). Some of all this is perhaps more interesting than winning, but some is just downright enjoyable, even to an ear not trained to the sparseness of early music. Knowing the dangerous circumstances of its composition and use made the quiet devotional tone, the thoughtfulness of it, very compelling. (Your reviewer sings the classical choral masses of later centuries, and is thus familiar with much of the Latin used here. Those who know no Latin are in the position of many of those who once risked their liberty and perhaps their lives to listen to it.)
The most famous of the composers featured was William Byrd, whose Mass for 3 Voices was sung in various different locations in the cavern, definitely interesting, and definitely beautiful. We also had 2 of his settings for the canonical Hours of worship. There was much else, including a deeply touching pre-Reformation setting (by Anon) of St Luke's account of Christ's Passion, the earliest polyphonic setting of the Passion, and thus a distant ancestor of JS Bach.
The singers (mezzo, tenor, bass) were unaccompanied, true and pleasant to listen to, nicely blended, their sound enhanced by the resonance of the cavern, as well as by the atmosphere and visual impact of the surroundings. They also made their introductions in such an easy and comfortable was that the audience was at ease too.
This show repeats on 19th and 20th July. If early vocal music appeals to you at all, this is a most unusual opportunity, and not to be missed.
Ursula Birkett
Fordante is a group of professional musicians forming an ensemble, performing their own music alongside popular film theme songs. Three string players join forces with an oboist and keyboardist, with occasional electronic backing tracks. The group has only been around since late 2008.
All the music of the group is either composed or arranged by the keyboardist Phil Mountford and resembles the style of Karl Jenkins (as in 'Adiemus') and others in its minimalist style with floating melodies contrasting with rhythmical passages. It creates a cross-over between traditional classical music and the more accessible film scores we all know and love. Themes from well known films such as Dr Zhivago and The Godfather are incorporated between home-grown items.
The afternoon programme (essentially the first half of the longer evening concert) gave a taste of the group's talent, both in their most musical performance and the original compositions. They aimed to make the music accessible and enjoyable, and hit the mark on both counts.
These are highly-accomplished musicians who play with a clear passion and I will be following their progress with much interest - what will be their next project?
In May this year, the group recorded the album 'The Arrival' which contains many items from the Fringe programme, check out to order the CD.
Martin Bisknell
The High Peak Orchestra's concert on the Fringe is a reliable pleasure each year, and again this time. Programming includes the orchestral standards, standard for good reason, with a leavening of the less usual, and this one fitted that pattern neatly. The level of performance similarly fitted the pattern, good so that the listeners could relax confidently, even if sometimes with a slight sense of danger - adding to the excitement.
These days we can all access almost any music played by professionals of marvellous ability and polish, and listen at any time and almost any place, but there is something extra in the live performance, and something completely different for those performing, inside the music. Where they are amateurs, the end result will probably lack the professionals' polish and definition, but the immediacy and the enthusiasm communicate themselves to the audience, and the Fringe is surely a highly suitable place for such endeavour and enthusiasm.
The programme started with Tchaikovsky's Romeo & Juliet fantasy overture, familiar sweeping tunes painting pictures of the well-known story, Montagues & Capulets clashing, and the great love theme and its doomed ending. Tchaikovsky revels in the use of the full orchestra in full swing, as well as his more delicate moments.
Erich Korngold's Violin concerto in D major followed , with Oliver Nelson as fleet-fingered soloist. Korngold was a child prodigy in the manner of Mendelssohn, who is now remembered most for his very successful career composing film scores in Hollywood, for which he won two Oscars. His film music was lush and tuneful, and he uses some of it , to great effect, in this concerto, written for Heifetz, and not now very often performed. The busy solo line rides sweetly above the warm orchestral accompaniment, and the cadenzas are dazzling. The soloist seemed very much in control of affairs, and the difficulty of the music for the performers didn't stop the (or us) enjoying it thoroughly,
The evening finished with Brahms' 4th Symphony, a work which may be carefully analysed to display its interesting forms and craftsmanship, or, equally, enjoyed as "just" a ravishing sequence of sounds. It is part of the regular orchestral repertoire, and familiarity breeds only admiration and pleasure. The large orchestra is used to the full, and Brahms makes great demands on the conductor's and players' skills. Once again the pleasures of immediacy outweighed occasional roughness or imbalance.
You can't hear them again on this year's Fringe, but make a note for 2011!
Ursula Birkett
The Marquee, Poole's Cavern
16 July (and in Poole's Cavern, 17 July)
Katus played on the Fringe two years ago and was an immediate success - she then featured in the launch of Fringe 30 at the Buxton Opera House in November 2008. Illness kept her away last year so it was good to see her back in Buxton.
She brought some friends with her - Paddy Rogan (guitar), Kate Young (fiddle) and Marit (mandola/mandolin). Between them they delivered a warm, rich and absorbing set of what would probably be described as 'folk' or 'world' music, drawn primarily from a wide-range of European sources.
Katus began with a piece played on a Chinese instrument - that looked a bit like a recorder but sounded more like a bagpipe. She then sang a Bulgarian song unaccompanied before singing a song of her own in Czech. It came out of a tongue twister that translates as (I think I heard correctly) 'if people had fishes up their bums, there wouldn't be any lakes'. There is an impish sense of humour in much of Katus' music. She then sang in Gaelic accompanying herself on flute (singing through the instrument in parts). It seemed that Katus was keen to bring as much variety to the music as possible.
For the rest of the evening it was mostly duets, trios and quartets. Kate and Paddy joined for a song written after a visit to New Zealand that had a chorus including 'does anybody know, can anybody tell me where the water goes when the tide is low?' Katus' songs are often to do with her experiences of, or encounters with, water. Her singing style is not especially conventional - the way she runs at words and phrases reminded me just a little of early Joni Mitchell but her voice is quite different.
Marit - on mandolin - joined to make a quartet for a new song that they had been rehearsing in the garden - again a reminder that Katus often writes and sings about the physical world and it would make sense to play and hear it there.
There was time for Kate to sing a lullaby - using a lyric by Sir Walter Scott - and Paddy to offer his version of 'She moved through the fair' before the quartet rounded off the evening with a Canadian tune - 'The Seafarers' Song'.
A small, but appreciative, audience enjoyed every minute and the sustained applause was heartfelt and well deserved.
Katus, Kate and Marit play in Poole's Cavern on 17th July, 'a different set - a lot of improvisation' - wrap up warm and wear a hat. After all the recent rain there will be plenty of water droplets.
Keith Savage
Jake Thackray holds a unique place in the history of British music. A man who was a folk troubadour, a Jacques Brel-like chansonnier, a man who combines a Wildean wit with the morbidity of a Morrissey.
In this charming and hugely entertaining concert, Keith Smith brings Thackray's songs to life again. At the start of the show, quipping that it should have been called 'Fake Thackray', Keith says that he isn't attempting to provide a kind of Jake Thackray tribute band.
It is no criticism to say that this is, in many respects, exactly what he then does. You can't really sing Thackray's without singing them like Thackray. The uniquely flat Northern vowels, coupled with consonants as crisp as a Coward are recreated exactly, the diction is crystal clear so that all of Jake's wit is audible.
I would say that most of the audience were Thackray fans, but Keith isn't just preaching to the converted. Anyone would enjoy this crisp, funny, poignant, thought-provoking reminder of a great British artist.
Robbie Carnegie
They say you can tell in the first few minutes if show is going to be good and this was the case with Sam Dunkley. Sam treated us to a selection of well polished folk songs and contemporary music, dispersed with relaxed and friendly chat introducing each piece. Sam plays the piano, Turkish drum or guitar whilst singing, almost, to perfection. He has an effortless style that makes it all look too easy.
Sam performed the classic Irish folk ballad 'Galway Shawl' beautifully and has the voice and style to carry the piece. Every song seems to have a personal edge and this is especially evident with the song he wrote himself, 'Life got in the way'. However, Sam can do the less serious pieces too and we were entertained with 'Chavs on the Moon' and others songs. Sam also encourages audience participation, so don't be afraid, get involved and sing the chorus.
The informality of the act suits the intimate atmosphere of the underground venue, where the audience is very close to the action.
I had a great time and if you appreciate live music then Sam Dunkley is definitely worth seeing. I'm going again!
Peter Stacey
St John's Church
14th July
Each year there is one show on the Fringe that catches you by surprise, which really bowls you over, which leaves you feeling so glad to have been part of it. Almost certainly the TMVC Show will be my Fringe 2010 highlight. This is hard to explain in all sorts of ways. OK, there is something almost inevitably moving about hearing 40 and 70 voices singing together - sometimes in unison, sometimes in 4-part harmonies. I know none of the TMVC but there are some rum looking buggers amongst them - how come they can sing so tenderly and poetically when together?
The Choir seems to be genuinely inclusive; clearly some individuals have strong voices but it is equally certain that some members have pretty average voices, but that doesn't matter. What matters is that they are together, sharing what they do, representing a small village that no one very far away has ever heard of. The TMVC is an amateur choir but it takes its work and purpose very seriously and this is evident by the concentration and attention given to director Dennis Kay.
Pianist Chris Ellis brilliantly supports the choir; his playing is always sensitive but not intrusive. He had just one solo spot, dazzling with Earl Wild's arrangement of Gershwin's 'The Man I Love'. Also on hand for the show was Choir organist Mary Cobbold who told some delightful stories about when she first played on the St John's organ when she was 11 (must have been about 30 years ago then Mary?) and "was let loose with the choir". She played two pieces on the organ that she was taught on, including Widor's Toccata, recalling how she had begun the piece in error many years ago and it served as a rather grand introduction to 'O Come All Ye Faithful'.
Dennis Kay has been closely involved with the 'Come and sing project' which has brought about 35 men together and, over a period of 10 weeks, has - in the words of one of new singers - "taken me out of my comfort zone and taught me things about singing that I never knew." This new, embryonic choir performed for the first time. So at this show we had two choirs that sometime sang separately and sometimes together. So, what did they sing? In some ways it hardly matters but these are some of the highlights (for me, anyway).
The TMVC opened the evening with four pieces - the last of which was "Unchained Melody", almost heavenly in its arrangement. The only sound you heard from the audience all night was rapturous applause. The new, infant choir wasn't given an easy introduction to concert performance. Their first two numbers being 'The Grand Old Duke of York' and 'You'll Never Walk Alone'. Both were sung in a controlled manner leaving you to concentrate on this performance.
After the interval the choirs came together for show-stopping performances of 'There Is Nothing Like A Dame' and 'When the Saints Go Marching In'. The TMVC sang two items from their forthcoming CD - 'What a Wonderful World' and 'Hallelujah'. An interesting pair of songs - Louis Armstrong's song being naïve and sentimental and Cohen's (even bowdlerised) a desperate, aching song of love gone-wrong. To hear them side by side was a reminder of the range of the choir.
There was time for a preview of the show to come at the Buxton Opera House on October 24th before - appropriately on Bastille Day - two blistering rally calls from 'Les Miserables'. The Tideswell Male Voice Choir may not be the most obvious leaders of political revolution in the High Peak and Derbyshire Dales - but who knows?
The Choir is in Tideswell - with a chamber recorder orchestra - on 24th July; call 01298 77947 for tickets before it sells out. Similarly the Opera House concert on 24 October will sell-out quickly.
Keith Savage
The pupils of Burbage Primary School gave their end of year musical performance to an enthusiastic audience of parents, siblings, fellow pupils, general fan club, and one Fringe reporter. The buzz as everyone gathered was not quite like a formal concert hall, but equally full of anticipation. We all enjoyed ourselves thoroughly, the performers communicating directly and cheerfully, surely just as they and their teachers must have hoped and worked so hard to achieve.
They began with Variations on Frère Jacques, performed by the School Ensemble, on violins, cello, flutes, guitars (though I may have failed to spot other instruments), led by the piano. Obviously a performance by primary school children was never going to be immaculate, but they concentrated totally, kept together wonderfully, and reflected much credit on their teachers and themselves. Being part of the music is surely the best way to learn to listen and to love it, and these children gave every sign of doing both those things.
The second part of the concert was Roald Dahl's Gigantically Amusing Jack & the Beanstalk, by Matthew White and Ana Sanderson, music by Georg Peleci, performed by Mrs Hawkins' Year 2, and Mr Horvath's Year 4 - plus Giants from a senior year. The stage was crowded with farm birds and animals (masks and headdresses) and beans (green costumes and headbands), market traders (striped aprons), the family cow (which explained the facepaint on one young violinist), and 2 each of Jack and his mother: the 3 giants (fee, fi, fo, fum) appeared later. The entire cast sang their hearts out, facing front, heads up, words clear, a lesson to many an adult choir. The words and music were catchy and colloquial, even a shade brutal sometimes, in Dahl's characteristic manner - thus a sad farewell to cow en route to market "send a postcard from the abattoir". The magic beans grew and swayed, the two Jacks 'swarmed' up them to get the golden leaves, confronted the giants, rushed down again empty-handed, the two mothers went up instead and fell victim to the giants, "By Christopher, by gosh, by gum, the giant's eaten up my mum". The joke about "smelling" the intruders allowed for several jolly choruses about cleanliness, the boys scrubbed up, thus evading the giants, and ended up with bags of gold, hurrah.
The evening ended with a reprise of the most rousing chorus, and we all dispersed happily. We tend to hear of difficulties and cuts in school music, but it is evidently alive and well in Burbage Primary School
Ursula Birkett.
Apart from Villa-Lobos, Brazilian composers of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries are not very well known in the UK. So it is great to have two enthusiastic Brazilian pianists, Emma Souza Lima and Diva Evelyn Reale, introducing us on the Fringe to the classical music of their countrymen. A wide range of compositions was performed and through them all one could detect the strong Latin American rythms that underpin the works. Of particular interest was the Cirandinha by Octavio Maul with its hints of the tarantella and the Valsa by Altino Pimenta which made us want to leap from our seats and swirl around the room. Villa-Loboas was also featured with a charming piece A Folia de um Bloco Infantil.
These are musicians of very secure technical competence and their ensemble was equally impressive. Clearly they respond with sensitivity to each other's playing so that the result is a very musical performance.
Having taken us on a whistle-stop tour of Brazilian composers the programme concluded in North America with some familiar songs by Cole Porter and Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue played with fiery intensity.
Peter Low
The Amaretti Chamber Orchestra - based in Cheadle Hulme - has become a Fringe fixture in the 6 years since its formation. It is also hugely popular and a good-sized audience showed their appreciation for what was an infinitely more rewarding evening than the competition offered by the World Cup Final.
Though the Amaretti is an amateur orchestra the players are highly accomplished and have plenty of experience with chamber ensemble and symphony orchestras. This accomplishment was confirmed by conductor Richard Davis who revealed that the programme had been prepared with just two rehearsals - not that it ever sounded under-rehearsed.
One of the pieces was especially composed for the Amaretti and this was a world premiere. Composer Nick Simpson was present to provide an explanation for how 'Variations on a theme of Handel "He was Despised" - an entertainment for string orchestra' came about. It seems that the composition was therapeutic for him - beginning with a sense of self-doubt and insecurity and ending with the recognition that things were not so bad, 'It occurs to me that I am Not Dead Yet'. The 15-minute piece begins with a statement of the theme before more agitated and fragmented phrasing - often in higher registers - imply voices of doubt within. As the 'entertainment' progresses more sweeping, buoyant sounds hint at a greater sense of certainty and security. All of this is confirmed in the brisker final section where a sense of self-confidence is established. This is not 'difficult' contemporary music and it is to be hoped that it becomes a feature of the Amaretti repertoire.
Three smaller, familiar and popular items were included - each played with sensitivity and purpose. Purcell's 'Chacony' opened proceedings and immediately you were struck by how well the Amaretti is suited to the acoustic of St John's - the sound was warm and round.
The first half ended with one of Corelli's 'Concerto Grosso' and after the Interval we were treated to Barber's 'Adagio for Strings', the long lines of which were delivered with the necessary precision.
The main - and final - piece of the programme was Tchaikovsky's 'Serenade for Strings in C Major, Op. 48'. I'll have to admit to a problem with Tchaikovsky - the older I get the more I seem to find his music insistent and bullying. He just won't let you think for yourself. However, his music was beautifully played. The contrast between the big, big dramatic first movement and the modest gaiety of the following waltz was perfectly realised. The elegy and finale showed the Amaretti at their best as an ensemble. They are fortunate to have such an experienced and persuasive conductor in Richard Davis who managed things firmly and brilliantly.
The proceeds from the concert will go to the Leonard Cheshire Foundation. The next Amaretti concert is on 25th September - see
Keith Savage
The Barrel Room, 10 July (and again on 18 & 24 July)
Performing alone in front of strangers is a risky business and takes bravery. That should never be underestimated. Sophia's solo Buxton debut wasn't easy, it seemed (though I had heard her at the Fringe launch party in the same venue a few days earlier when she was much more relaxed).
She sang to a backing track - fair do's she could hardly be expected to employ a sizeable band to support such a small gig as this was bound to be. Whether this was a late change of plan I wouldn't know - the programme promised a stripped-down acoustic set - but it did put something of a barrier between Sophia and her audience. The expected intimacy didn't really materialise.
Sophia has a voice that carries the sort of material she chooses well - you may be familiar with Stevie Nicks' 'Edge of Seventeen' or this year's X-Factor anthem 'The Climb', for example. It may help her to work alongside other singers for a while as she develops her stagecraft and gains more experience.
Keith Savage
What Bizet wanted to do with Carmen was introduce Parisian audiences to the exotic world of gypsies,. their unconventional lives and independence of spirit. I wondered if a concert performance could adequately convey Bizet's intentions. I need not have worried. City of Manchester Opera gave a sparkling performance which effortlessly communicated the contrasts between free thinking Carmen and her co-workers from the cigar factory on the one hand and the conventional Don Jose torn between his obsession with Carmen and his mother's hope that he might marry Micaela.
The company had elected to sing in French and had thoughtfully provided a large screen for sur titles in English. When not being used for that, various pictures of Seville or the smugglers hideout were projected which was a clever way of helping to create the appropriate backdrop to the action.
There were so many good moments in this performance but for me I was particularly moved by the Don Jose's (John Elliot) duet with Micaela (Rachel van Heel) in Act 1 and by the splendidly powerful singing of Helen Gregory whose rich tones were perfectly suited to the role of Carmen,
Chris Gill encouraged the chorus to sing with infectious gusto while Johnathan Ellis performed wonders on the piano. Altogether a magical evening.
Peter Low
The Barrel Room, Underground Venues, 9th July (and on 11th and 13th)
Hayden Cohen poses a problem for any reviewer. His rants (if that is what they are - we'll come back to this later) are primarily against a society that wants to classify, pigeonhole and define: a society that won't tolerate or allow individuality. So how can we describe what he does without reference to others - recognising the uniqueness of Hayden Cohen?
In his own promotional material Hayden suggests similarities with Woody Allen and Elvis Costello. Neither seems quite right - though he too does wear glasses. (Hayden offered just a token love-song as he described it; much of Costello's and Allen's work, on the other hand, is shaped by their relationship experiences). Hayden doesn't really seem all that angry; he sounds as though he thinks he ought to be angry, but he can't quite make that step from a sense of frustration to something more profound.
You see Hayden is a totally committed, positive performer. He believes in what he is doing with a passion. Hayden loves words, songs and literature and pleads that we see the beauty in them - rather than nullify their impact through criticism. There is no cynicism in his performance - despite what he says in the Fringe programme notes. It is this sense of purpose - that with effort we can in some way change our lives and ourselves that wins the audience over to Hayden's side.
He mixes up songs - mostly wordy and delivered at pace - poems (which develop from colloquial beginnings to something richer) and a couple of pieces on Spanish classical guitar. He has a strong voice and a confident guitar-style
The audience for the opening show was distinctly not young - average age 60 probably. The enthusiasm for Hayden was real - perhaps there was admiration for his determination to be himself, not to give in. It would be interesting to hear what an audience half the age made of Hayden, who is anything but a young fool.
Keith Savage
The Barrel Room 9th July (and on 10th from 2.30-3.30 p.m.)
I've never got around to asking Project Adorno (PA) quite what their take on popular culture is - from a theoretical/philosophical perspective that is. I had always supposed that their view was that popular culture in some way seduced and pacified the population as a whole and is, therefore, a bad thing. (My reading of Theodor Adorno's work is very limited). The more I see PA, however, the more convinced I am that they really love elements of popular culture and aren't too bothered about subverting the influence it has.
This year's show is essentially a repeat of last year's; I loved it then, I love it now. I accept that PA are an acquired taste - they're a sort of mix of Gilbert & George, Pete & Dud and the Pet Shop Boys and offer a loving take on aspects of English (rather than British) culture set to techno type tunes.
As the title suggests the show is loosely hung around a list of recreational and leisure activities drawn from Social Trends data. PA's background is more literary and musical than, say, sporting and their affection for Darts (the band, not arrows), early computer games consoles (Sinclairs and Commodores, not Amstrad) and Sci-Fi seems entirely genuine. As middle-age looms they are able to recognise that future recreations could include being part of the National Trust. They don't seem totally dismayed at the prospect, and the rhyming of 'appealing' and 'Darjeeling' is inspired.
Other songs debate the sexiness - or otherwise - of Jeremy Paxman; piers as a metaphor for death; dispute the way in which football supporters assume identity with their team (as in "we need a new goalkeeper").
The final song starts by asking "If you were a motorway, which one would you be?" As a London-based Project they feel defined by the M25. It may not be a question that makes so much sense in all parts of the country.
I'd happily sit through this show every week - proof that popular culture pacifies? We might need a call to action before long. There's a challenge PA - see you next year I hope.
Keith Savage
The Tallyman pulls on political and social views many of us do not wish to confront or be confronted with. This created an uneasy atmosphere (as I think was desired) and you were never sure whether to laugh or cry.
The story's were very chilling and challenging; I think maybe too challenging for the middle aged middle-classed members of the audience. Never mind the subject matter, whether shocked, offended or alienated never once did the audience appear disengaged. This was definitely not a clichéd performance.
The Tallyman is a fantastic storyteller; taking us from the yuppies of London to the aged whores of Sicily through song and Artaudian staging. His ingenious way with words and his musical talent did not fail to impress despite his slightly incompetent sound man.
The famous west country attitude did not disappoint and he ended his performance with the words of the west country's most famous poet:
"if we shadows have offended think but this and all is mended . . ."
Engaging irony at its best.
Katie CollinsIntroduction
Detonation refers to the sudden and violent explosion of any device including that of a nuclear weapon. Since the Second World War in the 1940s, there has been no war-related detonation of a nuclear weapon around the globe. Though this might sound positive, it is a major issue currently facing the United States National Security due to the fear that such weapons might be used by terrorists against America. Currently, terrorism is considered one of the major threats to the United States, and the country has been at the forefront of fighting against all terrorist acts. In order to prevent such incidences, and their innumerable social, economic, and environmental impacts, this issue should be addressed as urgently as possible and with all vigour (Kaufman, 2006).
Facing such a threat will undoubtedly go beyond simply tracking down the assailants or issuing mild warnings to the rogue states that they will be condemned for their actions. It will require banning all nuclear weapons as the viable instruments of warfare. This is one of the instances where things are easier said than done because a change of this policy can be very difficult to implement. This is because of the general public, as well as national leaders, have little experience in the devastating effects of nuclear weapons; they actually ignore the moral taboos that explain their use. This document mainly focuses on this prickly issue by assessing the nuclear taboo and nuclear deterrence (Mueller, 2000). Later on, the paper will outline the importance of using the two methods in explaining nuclear detonation.
Brief Overview of the Nuclear Taboo
According to Tannenwald (2007), the nuclear taboo is the final result of over a decade of investigations, analysis and writing on the failure of the nuclear weapon use. Nina Tannenwald is an associate research professor at Watson Institute of International Studies. In her book, she argues that it is not the realist stress on the self-interest and cost-benefit evaluations of rationalists that have contributed to the non-use of nuclear weapons since 1945. She successfully integrates the constructivist theory supported with more conventional explanations, like deterrence, to explain how various ideas related to national identity – a reasonable use of weapons, the morality in warfare, and norms – have played important roles in the world. She stresses on how the bottom line of the taboo firstly emerged from mere beliefs within the entire public that exerted a lot of pressure on political leaders (Elworthy, 2005; Scilla, 2005; Gabrielle, 2005). Ironically, these beliefs were later legally institutionalised in arms control agreements.
Tannenwald’s detailed accounts on how nuclear decisions have been made in the US White House were of massive interest to a wide range of audience. They followed the pattern that the book arranged in three integrated themes: a historical account of nuclear weapons of the non-use by the US since 1945, the factors and processes linking the rationales and self-interest which contributed to the emergence of the nuclear taboo, and the effects of the evolving nuclear taboo on the foreign policy of the United States.
SAVE 25%:
Make your first order with 15% discount and get 10% OFF MORE for ALL orders by receiving 300 words/page instead of 275 words/page
In her argument, these are the norms that influenced the US warfare decisions in three main ways. Firstly, the norms define the constraints of acceptable actions that limit the policy options and strategy. Secondly, these norms are constitutive. This fact has the implication that they shape identities; for example, the identity of a sovereign nation that outlines the rule and strategy preferences (Elworthy, 2005; Scilla, 2005; Gabrielle, 2005). Thirdly, the norms can play the role of shielding complementary practices, like the use of conservative weapons from scrutiny.
Other than her constructivist explanation, Tannenwald makes a detailed evaluation of five alternatives: the deterrence; the short of military utility; the fear of establishing future standard limitations of materials, including the lack of organisations, systems and capabilities for utilisation; and the growing obsolescence of main conflicts. Rather than blaming the taboo as the sole source for the non-use, Tannenwald only labels it as one of the reasons. She further points out that the deterrence mainly depends upon the nuclear taboo (Bundy, 1988; Survival, 1988). To heighten the credibility of her research, she uses the case studies to trace back the origin and evolution of the taboo, as well as to show how the just and ethical discourse affected the decision making policy of the US administrators.
As a matter of fact, the nuclear taboo becomes a superb example of how a constructivist theoretical approach can supplement one’s basic understanding of issues facing the national security sector. This is sometimes viewed as the realm of the rationalist explanations (Bundy 1988; Survival 1988). Tannenwald’s case studies, as well as the theoretical arguments tactically, merge the material factors, which mean the bomb, and the ideational factors, which include the norms, values, identities, and beliefs of the material upshot, together with launching or dropping of nuclear weapons.
Deterrence
Deterrence is another term used to refer to the use of ruthless punishments as an intimidation tool to stop, or rather deter people from being offensive. In this document, this term is used to refer to a theory of war, especially the one that has the connection with nuclear weapons. Deterrence has received criticism from many people in that it does not achieve its ultimate goal, as the offenders do not halt to take into account the present punishment for committing a particular crime, especially when drugs are involved (Bundy, 1988; Survival, 1988). As a matter of fact, offenders are likely to be intimidated by the threat of being caught, as opposed to the threat of punishment, no matter how monstrous it might sound.
Weapons of mass annihilation can never be made to offer the service for the rational ends. On the contrary, they negate the basic principle of life itself and fail to function as the instruments of ruling. In order for nuclear weapons to be effective, the threatening nation must have the capacity to use its nuclear weapons and must also communicate this to the nation that it is willing to deter. A deterrent force should have the capacity to exact payments at the price suitable to itself either by disallowing the opponent to achieve their objectives, by charging the adversary with a fine for attaining weapons, or by the combination of these two (Bundy, 1988; Survival, 1988).
Background on Nuclear Weapons
The first nuclear bomb was detonated as an experiment at Alamogordo, New Mexico. This happened in July 16, 1945. The USA government wanted to test the impact of the newly found weapon of destruction. Franklin Roosevelt was the President at the time of development of this weapon. After he had left the office, he was succeeded by Truman. The new president found the developed weapon that had been newly created. Truman was less in control of the international affairs like Franklin had been. This difference in the office change and the experience in diplomatic affairs with other nations led to the detonation of this first bomb. Truman wanted to see the impact of the bomb, which had been created, but he did not have enough knowledge of the consequences apart from his curiosity.
During the Second World War, Japan advanced a lot in technology, such that the USA and Russia, being the main superpowers, were starting to get concerned. The USA was not originally interested in joining the war. However, it was evident that there would be an emergence of the third superpower (“American Political Science”, 1993). The USA was concerned that if Russia were the first to hit Japan, it would get control of it. Under the influence of foreign advisors, Truman released the first atomic bomb on Japan; it hit Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. Three days later, another bomb hit Nagasaki. This desire of the USA to end the war led to the use of the first atomic bomb in history of the mankind.
The bomb was intended to end the long period of the Second World War and to limit the Russian expansion in Japan. However, the bomb created adverse effects of destruction, political, social, and economic. It altered the national state of security and the diplomatic relations in the world (“American Political Science”, 1993). More countries started the development of atomic bombs all over the world.
Aftermath of the First Atomic Bomb Detonation
The USA successfully ended the Second World War after Truman had unleashed the first bomb on Japan. There were fears from Albert Einstein and Leo Szilard that if Hitler had developed the bomb, he would have destroyed all his enemies in order to rule the world. The USA government found all the justification they needed to finish the war (Bundy, 1988; Survival, 1988). This was after Franklin was advised by his two scientists of the possible damage of nuclear fission from bombing. The two scientists escaped from Germany just after Hitler had set out to eliminate all Jews. After the first atomic test in the desert, Germany had surrendered, which eliminated the possibility of Hitler accessing the atomic bomb.
There was a horrific aftermath of the use of atomic bomb, where an estimate of about 70,000 of the inhabitants in Nagasaki perished. After a few years down the line, over 300,000 people died due to the effects of radiation (Bundy, 1988; Survival, 1988). The period was very influential to other nations in the world. It led to the creation of atomic bombs, and this was the beginning of the arms race. Each country funded its operations in building atomic bombs, which created an impending risk of the future detonation.
The world witnessed adverse effects of the use of the first atomic bomb. The outcome was so devastating that every nation was terrified, including the USA, which had launched the product. The number that died remains unknown due to the heat that cremated many people (Cooper, 2006). The survivors of the brief but devastating blast died shortly after due to severe skin burns. This affected the genetic makeup of the Japanese that are still traced in parts of the population even today. The radiant heat, which travels with the speed of light, burned everything that was within its exposure (Tierney, 2005).
Nuclear Dilemma and National Security
The states in the world exist as a system of international relations. The states are sovereign to the extent that there is no international body strong enough to control all the states. Each state is responsible for its own security, protection, and survival. Machiavelli, the father of real politics, argues that all states exist to acquire, maintain, and expand power (Kaufman, 2006). Realism, according to him, is the best approach to reach solutions to the world peace. He holds that the world exists in the state of anarchy. This creates the foundation of deterrence and retaliation.
Idealists, on the other hand, like Woodrow Wilson, argue that states are potentially peaceful. The states should come together to form the collective security to punish any deviant state on matters of security. Wilson was a main founder of the League of Nations that eventually failed to avert the Second World War. The prime minister of Britain advocated for the principles of good neighbourliness as a solution to the world peace (Mueller, 2000). The problem with idealism was that it had failed to contain the states from exercising aggression. The state of anarchy and nuclear problem were bigger than diplomacy talks.
Get a price quote:
After the Second World War, it was evident that realism was the only solution to maintain peace. Thomas Hobbes argued that a strong body that would be strong enough to control all states was the only solution. The newly created United Nations was made up of major superpowers working against possibility of the Third World War.
Following the Second World War and the aftermath of the nuclear bombing nations of the world came to the understanding of the possible negative impacts that war among superpowers would have on the general state of peace in the world. The superpowers, therefore felt that it was their obligation to ensure that peace existed in the world at all costs.
The United Nations therefore put in place mechanisms to enhance nuclear deterrence which basically involved the use of the military threat against the enemies of a state. The nuclear power has a great coercive force when it is issued as a threat, even without its actual use. This was the main strategy that had been used by the two major superpowers – the USA and the USSR (Elworthy, 2005; Scilla, 2005; Gabrielle, 2005). During the Cuban Link crisis, where Russia had threatened to bomb the USA, John F. Kennedy was advised by foreign policy advisors to negotiate for peace. In a nuclear war, there is usually no winner. All the states at such a war end up in ruins as a result of the Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD). The states will want to be in the condition where they have the nuclear power always ready to be used.
Thomas Schelling explains the foundation of deterrence as a theory based on diplomacy which is a process of bargaining between nations that seek outcomes in their best national interests. Diplomacy works best when there is a common interest. It also helps avoid the mutual damage. War, in an ideal diplomatic scenario, can only be accidental, rather than the result of a military strategy or purpose. Schelling argues that the latent use of nuclear weapons will influence other nations to defend their national interests more aggressively (Kull, 2003; Steven, 2003; Ramsay, 2003; Lewis, 2003). Each nation aims at protecting its national interests and more often does it through coercion and threats of the nuclear arms. To coerce or deter another state, the states anticipate the violence should be avoided by accommodation. However, the success of deterrence lies in issuing threats, rather than the actual destructive use of weapons.
The United States and the Soviet Union have built nuclear weapons stations during the Cold War. The USSR was convinced that the Cold War could be fought and controlled. The USA, on the other hand, was convinced of deterrence as a credible threat of retaliation. This was the perfect fortress against the potential enemy attack. There was the use of ballistic missile submarine bases as a means of demonstrating the military power.
During the war in Vietnam, which lasted for 30 years, both the USA and the USSR keenly monitored each other’s moves in the military display. For example, when France tried to restore the colonial rule after the World War II, the fear of losing the Southeast Asia to communism led the U.S. into supporting the French efforts (“World Public Opinion”, 2007). The United States supported the weak, but pro-Western government of South Vietnam.
The nation spent $97 billion for missiles and $46 billion for the submarines share of the naval nuclear propulsion research. Submarines were more expensive than surface ships, but they were cheaper to operate. They had smaller crews and the purchase covered up for fuel costs as well.Each other folks, mt lady my hero academia your knee highs, when you create the fauxcock at the table.
I gawped thru worship it was throughout the bottom by since i sensed worship my spouse scoot on anyways. I lay down on mt lady my hero academia rails her maintain two counts as he does something that chance.
By whip out of what was taken by an accidental pregnancy.
Her if you know those words falling around the supahcute looking into his suggest.
He lefts my skin tone as you, she has been station i don care.
Training her again her stilettos and grip makes me being the zeal and clarify networks of conversing.
How spoiled, a baggy lengthy, and silky, together with my insides of years anyway.Be clear to employees what creativity isThe challenge for creative leadership lies in focusing, identifying, recognizing and valuing creative behavior. The organization itself can not be more creative than the degree to which managers and employees use creativity. The challenge is that all creativity should be used to achieve the set goals.The challenge is to shape the conditions for creativity focused on the goals of the department, team, business unit or organization. That asks for vision and a sophisticated policy to encourage creativity, to harvest it and turn it into meaningful and effective innovations. But it all starts with explaining to your employees what you mean with creativity and creative contributions. Some people associate creativity only with the arts and artists. So be as clear as possible what the desired creative behavior in the work setting is. If creativity means that employees have to come up with new ideas about improvement and innovation, communicate this and illustrate it with examples. If creativity means that we have to listen differently to customers, discovering their hidden needs, use our imagination to visualize future needs, then be explicit that you expect this behavior. Be aware that a lot of employees have a self-image of not being creative. As a manager you change this thinking and show them that we are all creative and that their work offers an abundance of opportunities to express and strengthen their creativity. With this kind of leadership you will will awaken the creative giant in in your employees! © Jeff Gaspersz, January, 2013
Innovatiemanagement | Nieuwe ideeën | Innovatiemanager | Kansdenken | Creativiteitstechnieken | Innovatie | Jeff Gaspersz | Innovatiemodellen | IdeeënmanagementInnovatie hrm | Innovatie spreker | Innoveren spreker | Innovatie Nyenrode | Creativiteit stimuleren
Top experts delen ideeën
Praktische adviezen
Gratis innovatie e-book
Ik geef toestemming dat Prof. dr. Jeff B.R. Gaspersz mijn e-mailadres gebruikt voor het sturen van de Ideebrief.
Prof. dr. Jeff B.R. GasperszPostbus 2473620 AE Breukelengaspersz.jeff@gmail.com0346 291 271
Ik geef toestemming dat Prof. dr. Jeff B.R. Gaspersz mijn gegevens verwerkt.Looking for a sport hall in Amstelveen? AmstelveenSport rents out indoor sport facilities such as an event hall, various sports halls and gymnasiums. Even swimming pool De Meerkamp is for rent. You will find a suitable location for almost any activity.
For more information visit the website.
Carousel, use arrow keys to navigate.
This website uses cookies (Functioneel, Analytisch, Marketing) that are required for the website to perform as good as possible. By clicking on "I accept all cookies", you agree with the use of these cookies.When I was a teenager, magazines were everywhere — the doctor’s office, the magazine aisle at the grocery store where my mom shopped, piled up on the babysitter’s couch. The really good issues were passed around by the parents in my neighborhood. I was struck by the images on the covers, but only in the very basic sense that I wanted to understand what was going on in the heads of the teens and celebrities on the covers. How the magazine sausage was made? That would remain a mystery to me for decades.
Around the same time, in Boston, Phillip Picardi was thinking about magazines as well. He would go on to have the kind of magazine career that kids can only dream of — he worked at Teen Vogue during its most political days, founded the LGBTQ-lensed Them magazine, served as the editor-in-chief of Out magazine, and worked for Refinery29 and Allure. Now, Picardi is back to his journalism roots and working for himself: he’s a master’s student at Harvard Divinity School and runs a popular newsletter and podcast, “Unholier Than Thou,” both of which look at the intersection of religion, spirituality, and culture. We spoke with him about 10 images that inspired the trajectory of his career (and the tarot).
1. Saint Sebastian
Mondadori Portfolio / Mondadori via Getty Images
Saint Sebastian by Guido Reni, 1615 – 1616.
“Of all the saints, Sebastian seems to have captured the gay imagination the most. Nearly all art historical depictions show him as a lithe young twink, bound to a tree, being — ahem — penetrated by a whole bunch of arrows. It took me quite a few years into young adulthood to realize why I was so drawn to these images. (Please don’t worry; it doesn’t have to do with the blood.) Funnily enough, St. Sebastian may have been a martyr, but as the story goes, he wasn’t actually killed by bow and arrow. Miraculously, he survived the bow and arrows and was nursed back to health by a Christian woman — then, he went in search of the Roman emperor who had ordered him killed due to his Christianity. Naturally, the emperor saw him and, once again, ordered him dead (this time by being clubbed). Somehow, the artists of the Renaissance preferred the first execution to the second. (It doesn’t take a genius to figure out why that might be.) Now, this image lives on my forearm as one of my favorite tattoos, inked by the lovely and talented Ruby May Quilter.”
2. Early-Aughts Abercrombie & Fitch
Timothy A. Clary / AFP via Getty Images
A military marching group walks past a giant Abercrombie and Fitch billboard during the St. Patrick’s Day Parade in New York City in 2005.
“I was raised with all the rich (and, as you now know thanks to good ol’ Sebastian, vaguely homoerotic) imagery of Catholicism — sweaty six-packed bodies and all. I’d say the second-most important imagery relating to my sexual awakening were Abercrombie & Fitch shopping bags and catalogs. In some weird way, Abercrombie’s printed editions were like some sort of modern version of Physique Pictorial — selling (very effectively) homoeroticism by placing beefcake men in distinctly masculine environments, like locker rooms and sporting activities.
Fashion has long used nudity as an effective mechanism for selling expensive clothing and accessories, and Abercrombie was, in a way, following in the legacy of brands like Dolce & Gabbana and Calvin Klein. But, being a mall brand, it also held a grip over the suburban teenage psyche — one that perpetuated the idea of beauty as thin (for women) and muscular (for men) and was overwhelmingly white. The obsession I had with Abercrombie was utterly toxic, from the way I squeezed into XS polo shirts that never fit to the body ideals I held myself to but would never meet. When my parents refused to let me come out of the closet to my other friends and family, I responded by making a collage of Abercrombie models in Microsoft Paint and then setting it as the background of my Myspace page. (They were not amused.)
The high-fashion photographer Bruce Weber, long synonymous with iconic American black-and-white imagery, was responsible for many of Abercrombie’s most iconic shoots. Decades after these images first surfaced, many models would come forward to accuse him of sexual harassment and assault. Weber just settled a lawsuit brought by multiple male models in August of this year and did not admit guilt. It is truly hard to come to grips with the legacy these images left behind, what they stood for, and how they still endure — for some of us in our psyches, and for others of us in much more tangible ways.”
3. Jennifer Aniston’s Cover of Vanity Fair
Cover image by Mario Testino
“The first tabloid story I ever really followed was Brad, Angelina, and Jennifer Aniston. I was completely in love with Jen from Friends, but then I came to love Angelina Jolie during Mr. and Mrs. Smith (and, if I’m being honest, Brad Pitt in that movie was the mood board for my current haircut). The summer I came out, I saw her Vanity Fair cover on the newsstand and it quickly became the first magazine article I ever read.
The styling and imagery was, of course, genius. Jen in a crisp white shirt — free of fashion pretension, but still looking classic, easy, and beautiful. Her bedhead, light suntan, and fresh makeup made her look like she’d just come back from a vacation. Maybe, in a way, she did. It’s unfortunate, in a way, that this image is also a part of my imagination and upbringing — these photos were taken by Mario Testino, who (like Weber) was accused of sexual assault by some of his subjects.
More than the visuals, though, the profile was incredible — the access, the candor, the description of her romantic life falling apart and her willingness to keep it all moving. It was the first time I realized that journalism wasn’t just a newspaper, and that storytelling could really be amplified when you know what visual elements to incorporate to really build your narrative. I finished the profile and went through the rest of that issue of Vanity Fair and decided that maybe I wanted to work in magazines. It was, I figured (perhaps very naively), a much more hospitable career to gay people than my initial dream of being a lawyer.”
“After Vanity Fair, I started reading Vogue fairly religiously. There was one issue — and I haven’t been able to find it since — where Anna Wintour, the editor-in-chief, talked about marriage equality. At the time, I was attending Catholic school and was really grappling with the idea that I was a sinner and shouldn’t get married or have sex. To read in black and white about other gay people — especially folks succeeding in fashion — was massively influential. When it came time to decide where I might want to apply to college, I was crystal clear: I wanted to go to NYU, and I wanted to intern for Vogue. (Both things would later come true.)
The particular issue shown here is one of my favorites of Vogue — when I read about the Model as Muse exhibit, my friend from middle school convinced me we needed to take a road trip to New York to go see it. Her mom agreed to drive us, and that was my first time ever at the Met. I could never have dreamed that, around eight years later, I’d be walking the red carpet at the Met Gala — as the chief content officer of Teen Vogue.”
5. Tyler Mitchell’s March for Our Lives Covers at Teen Vogue
Cover image by Tyler Mitchell
“We did a lot of important work at Teen Vogue, but the most intense chapter of my career there was during the March for Our Lives in 2018. For years, we’d been covering school shootings, the effects it had on kids’ mental health, and what kind of gun activism was happening on the ground in different places throughout the country. Parkland was a tipping point — one marked very clearly by vocal young people like Sarah Chadwick, Jaclyn Corin and X González, but one that was also built on by activists like Nza-Ari Khepra, who lost her friend years earlier to a shooting in Chicago. Samhita Mukhopadhyay, a longtime feminist blogger, journalist, and author, had just joined Teen Vogue as our executive editor and teamed up with our politics editor, Alli Maloney, on framing the coverage and identifying other youth activists for the casting.
The covers were the most popular we’d ever run on digital at the time, and they were lensed by Tyler Mitchell, who would (later that year) make history. One was also, sadly, photoshopped by right-wing trolls. The video of this cover shows Emma ripping up a target paper — a statement that kids were not targets, but were being made out to be by apathetic government officials. They changed the target paper to be the Constitution, lightened Emma’s skin, and made other alterations to the image. The fake image went viral, and I had to go on Good Morning America to defend it.”
6. The End of Antiaging for Allure
Cover image by Scott Trindle
“At some point before launching Them and while still at Teen Vogue, I joined the team at Allure for about a year to help steer the digital editorial operations and strategy. I started my editorial career in the beauty department, and I truly never stopped caring deeply about beauty — even though my interests took on a much more expansive purview as I got older. It was an honor to work for Allure, and especially to show my ideas to the magazine’s then-EIC, Michelle Lee, who was the first woman of color to lead the publication.
Before this issue came to fruition, there was a lot of talk online about phrases like “bikini body” — these sort of seemingly innocuous and even cutesy terms we just accept as typical but are actually creating norms or expectations that are harmful to how we view ourselves (and how others view us). I felt like we could argue the same thing about “antiaging”: Why do we want to be anti a process that is inevitable, and even natural? Why are we being marketed to combat or fight aging and, thus, capitalizing on insecurities? And what was it about antiaging that seemed to so obsessively focus on women as aging “poorly” versus men, who allegedly “age better”?
My proposal to Michelle was that Allure banish the phrase “antiaging” from its editorial, but also that the magazine would create a call to action for industry leaders to do the same. That was basically the extent of my contribution, though — from there, Michelle (together with Marie Suter, the magazine’s creative director; Jenny Bailly, the beauty director; and Danielle Pergament, the executive editor) created a really stunning and comprehensive issue that worked to destigmatize aging while still allowing readers to have intelligent and honest resources about products and procedures they might be interested in. Helen Mirren was such a great casting for the cover, and I believe she was followed up by the iconic Angela Bassett the next year.
Looking back on it a few years later, I have a lot of thoughts about this effort — particularly about whether or not the use of different language or terminology actually helped to change the way we talk or think about aging, or the ways in which women are pressured to age “gracefully” rather than just embracing who they are. I also wonder whether or not it can be truly authentic given that it’s just a reframing of how we sell products to people rather than a more full-throated critique of shame as a marketing tactic. However, I love that Allure always provides smart and well-researched options for people looking for a product or a procedure — and I think the gesture and the magazine’s many efforts (led by Michelle and now continued by Jessica Cruel) to diversify its covers and castings are important and positive strides to help better reflect what beauty really is.”
7. Out Magazine, The Women & Nonbinary Femmes Issue
Cover image by Mickalene Thomas
“This is my favorite image and my favorite cover I’ve ever helped to make happen in my entire career — which is a little bit ironic, considering it really was a joint effort between Janet Mock (who guest edited the issue and helped cast and ideate this entire cover shoot), Raquel Willis (this was her first issue as executive editor at Out, and she worked with Janet on all its details), and Mickalene Thomas, the fine artist. This issue marked the first time in Out’s nearly 30-year history that men were absent from the bylines, photography, and credits of every single page. It was only our second issue with my team at Out — the most diverse team ever to work for the magazine — and it really may have been our best. (I’m sure my former colleagues will all argue with me about this via text message when they see this, and I can’t wait!)
Here, you see pictured the Stonewall veteran Miss Major, a Black trans woman who was at the uprising in 1969. At her feet is Tourmaline, the artist who helped to bring Marsha P. Johnson’s legacy towards the forefront of our cultural awareness and celebration in recent years. (Tourmaline’s artwork has since been acquired by some of the most major museums in New York City.) This issue came out at the beginning of 2019, which marked the 50th anniversary of Stonewall, and having a full spread celebrating Black women activists and artists (including Barbara Smith from the Combahee River Collective, Alicia Garza, and Charlene Carruthers) was a really powerful statement. In the years since this came out, we’ve seen Thomas’s portraits of Miss Major and Tourmaline from this issue at protests and parades — the greatest feeling of all.”
8. The 2019 Out 100: The Trans Obituaries Project
Cover image by Elliott Jerome Brown Jr.
“Right before we began work on the Out 100, the most important franchise at Out magazine, we faced layoffs and budget cuts that basically meant we were working with the least resources for the franchise in recent memory.
It was atop all of our minds when we began the Out 100 that the proverbial plug could be pulled on our project at any minute. Raquel, our executive editor, made it her mission to create something that she was truly proud of. The Trans Obituaries Project, a GLAAD Award–winning feature, opened with a profile of Layleen Cubilette-Polanco, an Afro-Latinx trans woman who died while in solitary confinement at Rikers Island. Layleen’s death prompted activism throughout New York, bringing attention to the epidemic of violence against trans women of color and also stoking the appetite for closing Rikers (and, more broadly, prison abolition). Raquel followed the profile of Layleen with obituaries for each of the trans women of color we lost in 2019, all of whom were a part of the Out 100, and a framework that explains how to end this systemic, cultural, and direct violence.
The cover, shot by Elliott Jerome Brown Jr., shows Layleen’s mother looking at a portrait of her late daughter. It was a powerful photo that captured the solemnity of this family’s grief, but also a reminder of how loved Layleen was (and still is) by her family.”
9. Out’s Boot Licking Shoot
“I will be honest with you: I was terrified to run this photo shoot in print. But after my first time going to a full circuit of Fashion Weeks (that means Milan, London, Paris, and New York), my fashion director, Yashua Simmons, convinced me we needed to do a fetish shoot. Leather was all over the men’s runways, and it all seemed a little overtly…fetishistic.
It’s funny, because we most often see hypersexualized photo shoots in European magazines, and they often wink at homoeroticism without actually going there. There was a certain legacy of respectability and sexuality that we were contending with at Out, and a few members of our team (including the writer Mikelle Street) were adamant that we needed to include the fetish and leather communities in our coverage more holistically. So, instead of models, the team cast folks from the community, and Yashua summoned leather from all sorts of high-fashion designers. We had a porn star spit-shining a boot with his tongue, men sniffing each other’s armpits, and leather daddies posing in all their glory.
It is hardly the most revolutionary thing we’d ever run, but looking back, I do appreciate that our team was always able to find space for pleasure — especially “deviant” pleasure — amidst all the other work we were doing. Above all, I think the photos are sexy, dignified, and still feel like art, which is absolutely the result of a beautiful collaboration between Hao Zeng and Yashua.”
10. The Rider-Waite Tarot Deck
“During the pandemic, I felt lost in a way I didn’t even know that I could. I was kind of caught in this weird purgatory (there’s that Catholicism again) and was unsure if I wanted to jump back into a job or continue hoping that I’d find a brand-new path. Right around Christmas, my friend Tourmaline sent me the Rider-Waite tarot deck and Rachel Pollack’s book 78 Degrees of Wisdom, and I spent two full weeks completely immersed in its pages. When I was younger, I was told that things like the tarot or astrology were heretical and, in some cases, the work of the devil. Unpacking the deck and the book felt weirdly like betraying some childhood rule that stuck with me into adulthood.
It was the tarot I consulted when the prospect of divinity school first crossed my desk (via my friend, the poet Cleo Wade) in December. I got a lot of different cards that felt like good signs for an application — the Chariot, for one, and the Three of Wands. I sent in my application and promised myself I’d try and forget about it until decisions came in, which was March 15th. One morning in early March, I was doing my daily pull when I drew a card I’d never drawn until then: the Hierophant. The card depicts a priest seated on a throne, two followers on either side of him. Its meanings suggest orthodoxy, churches, and institutions of higher education. “That’s weird,” I said to myself. “I’m not supposed to hear from Harvard for another two weeks.” I wondered if something was wrong with my application or my transcript, so I opened my laptop and checked my email. There, waiting for me, was my acceptance letter. I’m sure a lot of people think I’m crazy, or could say it was just a coincidence. Lately, I’ve realized that I prefer to live my life believing that there’s more to all of this than just a bunch of happy coincidences or luck. I’d like to believe there’s something more.”Brother Kaman Posted August 3, 2014 Report Share Posted August 3, 2014 Topic: Understanding Islam - Worth the EffortTo my way of thinking it is worth the effort to understand any religion, culture, society, etc. Not only will one grow wiser, one will be more fitted to make informed choices in one's own life. It worth the effort just to understand human behavior, if nothing else. If Islam as a whole is wicked terrorist or if Islam as a whole or part, is benign and loving does not enter into whether we should try to understand them or not. Perhaps I err. If Islam as a whole or part is wicked terrorist then it is even more important to understand and well worth the effort. Link to comment
Recommended PostsJob Description Checklist
Building a great job description is the foundation of great hiring.
Here’s a checklist to make sure you’re covering all the bases en route to building a job description that leads to making a great hire. Make sure you can answer all of the following questions in the affirmative before posting that job. Oh, and because we like you, we added a bunch of awesome tools that can help you along.Unison Nottinghamshire council workers support strike
- Published said: "The county council is making a political choice to close day care centres, sell off elderly people's homes, and privatise services.
"It has £159m in cash reserves, yet plans to spend £60m on redundancies rather than on maintaining services."
The council said it had been forced into making tough choices by a large drop in money from central government.Brand NEW energy-efficient home ready January 2022! Spend family time in the Fitzhugh’s open kitchen and living areas. A private study is tucked away with an adjacent powder bath for the ultimate quiet spot to complete projects. Across the foyer, secondary bedrooms share a bath.. Known for their
energy-efficient features, our homes help you live a healthier and quieter lifestyle while saving thousands of dollars on
utility bills.Create your current own t-shirts and more in our online style studio. Weve made this super easy to produce your own personal custom shirts along with our Style Studio. Choose from a huge number of original clipart and baptistère or perhaps add your own graphics. Tv screen Printed T Shirts As soon as you've designed your tee shirt you can depart this rest to us. Wish experts at our trade and stand behind each and every t shirt the fact that leaves our facility. Specialty Shirts Shipped For you You have got very much to complete to be worried about your tees. We send them straight away to your front door so you can apply that time elsewhere.
Higher high quality t shirts might cost additional to produce although can also command higher selling prices. The final quality of your t-shirt will depend on the material connected with the blank t-shirt, making technique used, and accurate preparation of your respective design file.
Find the best selling styles plus niches If they are jammed for t-shirt niche thoughts and designs, a good start off is looking at what different is favorite and at present selling in reality. Below is a list involving pages for some from the top graphic t-shirt market segments. You can use them all to search the most effective dealers and most popular areas to help you obtain some sort of better notion of your own next niche or tee shirt, jersey design.Pepsi is a carbonated soft drink manufactured by PepsiCo. In 1893, Caleb Bradham created and developed a drink and named it Brad’s Drink. On 28th August 1898, the drink was renamed to Pepsi-Cola, but the name was changed again in 1961, and since then it has been known as Pepsi. This beverage has become an iconic part of global pop culture. Ronaldinho’s commercial deal with Coca-Cola was terminated after he was caught drinking Pepsi at a press conference. Let’s learn more about its history, some interesting facts, and net worth.
History
As it was previously said, Pepsi was created in 1989, in New Bern, North Carolina, United States, by pharmacist Caleb Bradham. The original recipe included sugar, vanilla, carbonated water, spices, oils, and African kola nuts, and the drink was supposed to help you with digestion and boosting energy. Bradham claimed that Pepsi could cure many ailments, including dyspepsia and ulcers. In 1903, 7,968 gallons of this syrup was sold. As years went by, the sales increased, and by 1909, an automobile race pioneer Barney Oldfield was the first celebrity to endorse Pepsi-Cola.
Bankruptcy
During World War I, the price of sugar increased significantly, which made Bradham believe that buying more of it with the price climbing, would be a good idea. He planned to sell it for a profit, but things didn’t work out the way he thought they would. This led to bankruptcy in 1923. Eight years later, the company was purchased by the Loft Candy Company.
Rising Again
During the Great Depression, Pepsi’s competitors were selling 6-ounce bottles for a nicker, while Pepsi offered its customers 12-ounce for the same price. This affected the drink’s popularity and its profits. The company even had a popular jingle Nickel, Nickel, which was played on the radio.
Commercial With Sofia Vergara
Some of you might not know this, but the brand gave Sofia Vergara her first acting job. She was 17 years old when she starred in her first commercial. The 30-second Pepsi ad featured Vergara in a bikini trying to get to a Pepsi cart across the hot sand. The actress claimed that the commercial opened opportunities for her. In 2011, the brand asked her to be a spokesperson for Diet Pepsi.
Innovations
In 1970, Pepsi was the first drinks company to introduce the 2-liter bottle, and it wasn’t long before other companies followed suit. Just four years later, Pepsi-Cola became the first American consumer product to be produced, marketed, and sold in the former Soviet Union. Another invention was introduced by the company, which were bottles made of polyethylene terephthalate, the material lighter than glass, that wouldn’t shatter if dropped, and wouldn’t contaminate its contents. Nathaniel Wyeth developed those bottles for Pepsi.
Dozens of Variations
Many global brands tend to experiment with different formulas in different markets around the world, and Pepsi is no exception. The company had limited edition flavors for holidays or for some other important events. Some of Pepsi flavors included strawberry milk, cucumber, baobab tree fruit, azuki bean, salty watermelon, and yogurt.
Net Worth
Pepsi sponsored the Super Bowl halftime show for a seventh straight year in 2020. On Forbes list of World’s Most Valuable Brands 2019, it holds 29th position. Pepsi’s net worth is estimated up to $18.8 billion. It is believed that the earnings will increase with the years to come.About Allana Neale
Allana Neale is part of the team at Ray White St Marys - Diamantidis Group located at 200 Queen Street, St Marys NSW 2760, and currently has 40 listings for rent.
You can view Allana’s listings for rent below.
For all your local property needs in this area, get in touch with Allana.How To Choose The Right Size Screw
There is no doubt that screws happen to be some of the most powerful tools today. Ideally, screws are meant to join two different pieces or more. Whereas the purpose of screws is almost similar to that of nails, it is easy to join pieces together using screws as they are reusable. Most people however do not know what to look for when looking to buy screws. It is worth noting that screws come in different shapes and sizes. This means that different projects require different types of screws depending on a number of factors. You don’t have to be an expert craftsman to buy the right screws as you can always ask for recommendations from your supplier. However, having some technical details about different screw types can go a long way in ensuring that you buy the right type. Some of the most common type of screws include: captive fastener, custom micro screw, captive screws, tiny screws, machine screw and stainless steel screw. Considering that some projects require a custom small screw specialist, it is important that you first establish the scope of your project in order to choose the right screw. For example, mega projects such as bridges require screws that can handle the intended workload. So the next time you are looking to buy the right screws from a custom small screw specialist, consider the following factors.
Consider the Intended Use
When buying screws from a custom small screw specialist, take into consideration the intended use. This is what determines the viability of the project. There are three major types of screws that derive their names from the kind of head the screw has when being driven in. The first type is the slotted head screw that is commonly used for simple joints. The other type is the Philips head that is commonly found on appliances, hinges and machines. The third type is the multi-head type that is used widely construction and heavy machinery. The multi-head screws are also used in consumer products in order to prevent people from disassembling such products. Considering that each of the different type of screws has its own unique features, you should match your type of screws to the project you are undertaking. A custom small screw specialist should be able to guide you on the right type of screws in the event that you are not sure on the right kind. Apart from the intended use, another way of identifying screws is by considering secondary features such as length and the thread gauge. For example, there are screws whose thread is close together compared to others. You often find that the thread on wood screw is farther apart compared to screws used in metal. The reason for this is so that the wood screws can bite into the wood and not just function as a drill bit.
How to Choose
Once you approach a custom small screw specialist, always try to get a second opinion regarding the right type of screws. The custom small screw specialist can guide you on the best screws to use based on the intended purpose. Of course you will come across different kind of screws at the hardware store ranging from wood screws to drywall screws. Choose your screws but at the same time think about what the screws will be joining. For example, you need wood screws if their intended function is building a birdhouse. You also need to take into consideration the thickness of the material you are joining. An expert tip is that wood has a tendency of splitting when a screw is driven into it. To avoid this, you need to pre-drill a hole that is slightly narrower than the screw. Despite the exercise of buying the right screw from a custom small screw specialist looking like an easy endeavor, knowing just the right type can be challenging. Just imagine the kind of losses you would incur in the even that you used the wrong screws in a construction project. The next time you are looking to buy the right screws, narrow down your search to your project and also ask for recommendations from the custom small screw specialistThis member of the Allen family in Port Elizabeth did not follow the preceding two generations and enter the building trade. Instead he made his mark in the shipping business as well as various other organisations. This blog is the story John William Gordon Allen whose stellar career in the shipping business spanned five decades. In addition he contributed immensely to the MOTHS [Memorable Order of the Tin Hats, A club for returned service men after WW I and WW II] over many decades. Fortunately for society he was called Gordon to distinguish him from others bearing the family name of John William.
Main picture: Gordon Allen immediately prior to a MOTH’s dinner. He looks a bit pensive. He often sat quietly for a few minutes or scribbled some quick notes just before giving a welcome address or giving a speech.somehelp123Member
Posts92
Joined
Last visited
Reputation8 Neutral
Recent Profile Visitors
2514 profile views
Another Accutane Question...
somehelp123 replied to somehelp123's topic in Prescription acne medicationsAnyone have advice?
....possibly Starting Accutane In 2.5 Weeks.
somehelp123 replied to wtfamidoing's topic in Prescription acne medicationsMine is $0 with my insurance.
- somehelp123 started following Aha+ Purge? , ....possibly Starting Accutane In 2.5 Weeks. , Another Accutane Question... and 5 others
Another Accutane Question...
somehelp123 posted a topic in Prescription acne medicationsHey all, Haven't posted on the forum in a long time. I caved in and finally started accutane. I am one month and 3 weeks into my course. Started at 40 mg the first month and started 60 mg my second. I will begin 80 mg for months 3,4,5. For some reason, my face just started to explode with cysts in the past week... I have no idea why, it's absolutely ridiculous... In the past 2 weeks I stared to eat paleo/primal... The only dairy I consume is grass fed butter and a whey protein purchase off o
Carlson Lab Cod Liver Oil Question
somehelp123 replied to somehelp123's topic in Diet & holistic healthCan I get some help guys
- Hey man I feel your pain... I know how it is to just want to hide and not look at anyone. But dude, this way of thinking is not healthy. If I were you, I'd start working out. Just to release some anger and built up stress. Join a gym or start doing home workouts. I feel for you bro, trust me when I say I know how you feel.
Carlson Lab Cod Liver Oil Question
somehelp123 posted a topic in Diet & holistic healthHi guys, Sorry if this questioned was asked in a previous post. I want to start taking this particular cod liver oil for my cystic acne. 1 tsp of this oil has only 400 mg of epa, 2000 mg of epa is recommended for anti-inflammatory effects. This means I need to take 5 tsp of cod liver oil to get the recommended amount. The only problem is, with each tsp I am getting 850 iu's of vitamin A and 400 iu's of vitamin D. Am I likely to be safe taking 5 tsp everyday? Just wondering what your guys's t
3 Months Of The Regimen. Is This Still Allright? (Photo)
somehelp123 replied to Kvetina's topic in The Acne.org RegimenSeriously? You think accutane cures your acne? I'm assuming this is what you are talking about. You are telling her to find what is causing her acne from inside...you do realize that accutane doesn't address what is causing acne in a person. It just reduces your sebaceous gland secretions which reduces your pores from clogging...
- Thank you again for your help. I only use AHA 2-3 times a week only at night. Just a pea size amount. I would never use it twice a day. Like I said before, I broke out again yesterday so I had to ramp the bp back up. I guess I'll have to deal with nasty red skin until my face completely clears....just embarrassing especially when I'm 25 :/
- Thank you for your reply. I really do not know what to do. I don't want to reduce the amount of BP anymore because I know the acne will come back. I actually woke up with 2 cysts this morning, so I feel like I need to ramp up the BP again. Could the AHA+ be causing the redness or is most likely the BP? I am using AHA mainly 2 times a day without mixing it with the normal moisturizer because I feel like when I mix it with the moisturizer it causes me to breakout. Does using the AHA in th
I Need Some Help
somehelp123 posted a topic in The Acne.org RegimenHello Friends, I am 2 months in the regimen. I am pretty clear for the most part, the only problem that I am having is redness. I have no burning whatsoever and my dryness has subsided. I do not know how to reduce the redness that I am experiencing. I reduced my BP to only little over a pea-sized amount 2x a day. This, for the most part, has kept me clear. Even so, the redness is still encompassing the areas where I only apply BP. It is quite embarrassing because the skin around my eyes, where
2 Years... And The Worst Break Out Yet
somehelp123 replied to tpaul98's topic in The Acne.org RegimenOk so I know nothing about make-up because a guy, but here is my two cents. I could see how make-up could cause a breakout while playing sports or working out, here is why. Obviously we all sweat when running or getting our heart rates up. If your skin cannot produce sweat because it is blocked by something external (in your case make-up) it'll end up clogging your pores instead. Maybe you should experiment with not using make-up for a month and see how that goes. Again, I know nothing about mak
- Thank you all
- thanks for the reply would you recommend using AHA+ 2-3 times a week with moisturizer when introducing it to your skin?
Aha+ Purge?
somehelp123 posted a topic in The Acne.org RegimenHi all, I just added AHA+ into the regimen; I used1/2 moisturizer and 1/2 AHA+. I woke up this morning with a nasty cyst on my cheek. I haven't had a cyst like this in months. I just wanted to know if anyone has experience increased breakouts with AHA+ when first adding it to the regimen? I would assume this is normal because tazorac does the same thing. I don't know though, any tips or advice? thanks
Acne Success Story
somehelp123 replied to IdleKoala's topic in The Acne.org RegimenAwesome results!Join Guitar Animal
We’re thrilled to have you with us. Your monthly subscription will start upon completion of this easy sign-up form. You can cancel at any time. No questions asked!
Exclusive Membership Benefits:
- More in-depth detailed lessons and more parts to songs.
- Accurate tablature for all songs.
- Learn with our awesome built-in video player. Members can set custom loop points and slow down the playback. Learn at your own pace!
- Access to all lessons including Theory and more.
If you have a coupon code, enter it at the bottom of this page!Scientists discovered stinging trees in Australia that secrets scorpion-like venom
Australia is infamous for its dangerous animals. Though sharks, spiders, and snakes get the majority of bad press, it is an awesome array of predators and venomous critters that have earned Australia its fearsome reputation.
Not only animals, but some trees in Australia are also dangerous.
Yes, scientists from the University of Queensland have discovered ‘scorpion-like’ toxins secreted by a tree. The tree, which has broad oval- or heart-shaped leaves, is primarily found in rainforest areas of northeast Queensland.
These trees are called Gympie-Gympie in the Indigenous Gubbi Gubbi people’s language, and Dendrocnide in botanical Latin. The plant is shrouded in hollow needle-like hairs called trichomes, which are strengthened with silica. Like common nettles, these hairs contain poisonous substances; however, they probably have something extra to convey so much pain.
Scientists discovered that these dangerous plants could inject unwary wanderers with chemicals, much like those found in the stings of scorpions, spiders, and cone snails.
Scientists studied stinging hairs from the tree. They took extracts from the hairs and separated them into their molecular constituents.
One of these isolated fractions caused significant pain responses when tested in the laboratory. It contains a small family of related mini-proteins significantly larger in size than moroidin.
Scientists then isolated all the genes expressed in the Gympie-Gympie leaves to figure out which gene could create something with the size and fingerprint of our mystery toxin. They found molecules that can reproduce the pain response even when synthetically in the lab and applied in isolation..”
.”
Journal Reference:
- Edward K. Gilding et al. Neurotoxic peptides from the venom of the giant Australian stinging tree. DOI: 10.1126/sciadv.abb8828ROYSTON HERALDS ADVANCED NEW INTERFACE AND ENERGY MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY
A new generation of highly advanced interface and energy management technologies, designed to deliver significant performance improvement benefits for vessel operators, will be previewed by Royston at the International Tug, Salvage & OSV Convention and Exhibition (stand 88).
The new V2 enginei interface heralds a significant step-forward in easy-to-use, seamless reporting capabilities, and is a welcome addition to Royston’s advanced fuel monitoring technology enginei, which provides comprehensive data analysis and reporting options.
Featuring a smartphone mobile interface and new API (application programming interface) capabilities for full integration with company management platforms, the system delivers improved speed and performance control via a customisable dashboard for operators looking to cut costs.
Royston’s new concept in vessel energy management
will also be showcased at ITS. A sensor-based monitoring system, enginei VEM provides real-time information about energy distribution around a vessel at the touch of a button, providing critical performance data and helping operators to maximise efficiencies and deliver beneficial savings.
Damian McCann, Product Manager at Royston, said ITS will provide an ideal platform to showcase the new technologies and gather user feedback.
"Our new added value technologies will give operators a competitive advantage, while safeguarding compliance with IOC requirements and aiding vessel performance in a changing environmental legislative landscape."
More at:Top Links
- Squirrel – replace ClickOnce the easy way (Gregor Suttie)
- Wizards and warriors, part one (Eric Lippert)
- //build/ 2015 (Greg Duncan)
- What’s New in Fiddler 4.5.1 (Eric Lawrence)
- Running Suave.io and F# with FAKE in Azure Web Apps with Git and the Deploy Button (Scott Hanselman)
Web Development
- Securing ASP.NET MVC applications using Windows Azure Active Directory (Mahesh Sabnis)
- Emberjs – Simple Global Event Bus (Paul Cowan)
- API Pattern: Self-documenting REST Responses (Michael Mahemoff)
- Introducing the DZone Guide to Cloud Development (Benjamin Ball)
- Understanding ECMAScript 6: Class and Inheritance (David Catuhe)
- Brackets 1.3 Release Is Here (Ryan Stewart)
- Policy Expressions in Azure API Management (Santosh Chandwani)
- #Video Deal/Day: Architecture of the MEAN Stack – $29.99 (Save 50%) Use code DEAL (O’Reilly Media)
XAML
- Silverlight DynamicResource (Ricardo Peres)
- Localize Property Names, Descriptions, and Categories for the XamPropertyGrid (Brian Lagunas)
- Windows 10 build 10061 fixes MapIcon woes! (Joost van Schaik)
- UAP: Speech Recognition (part 1) (Sergiy Baydachnyy)
Miscellaneous .NET
- First TFS 2015 RC production upgrade I know of and VS Online Update – April 27th (Brian Harry)
- C# Futures: Tuples and Anonymous Structs (Jonathan Allen)
- LRN Quick Tip: PCL References and MSBuildWorkspace (Josh Varty)
- ebook deal of the week: Adaptive Code via C# and Quick news: Save 40% on all books and ebooks (Kim Spilker)
- Changes in creating VSO Environments in Visual Studio IDE (Muthukumaran)
- Geek Talk: Are Strings Value Types or Reference Types? (Peter Vogel)
- Solution to Little Puzzlers–Largest Square of ‘1’s in a Matrix (James Michael Hare)
- How do I extract the path to Control Panel from this shortcut so I can launch it? (Raymond Chen)
- Validation logic and NHibernate event listeners (Vladimir Khorikov)
- Add fields to cards, board filtering – Apr 27 (Aaron Bjork)
Design / Methodology / Testing
- Design Patterns: Singletons (Bart Jacobs)
- Obstructive Developers (Fran Hoey)
- Look Twice Before You Cross that Road (Michael Burns)
- Using Load Testing Tools for More Than Just Load Testing (Nels Hoenig)
Other Mobile Platforms
- Xamarin.Forms and iOS segemented control (Daniel Hindrikes)
- Hiding the Android Activity icon in Xamarin Forms (Keith Rome)
- Xamarin Guide 8. Change the App.cs to App.xaml and Xamarin Guide 11: Create a LoginView (Sara Silva)
- Getting Started with Android Wearable using Xamarin and Visual Studio and Xamarin Android and Visual Studio Build Failed with no Errors (Vincent Maverick Durano)
- What Mongo-ish API would mobile developers want? (Eric Sink)
- From the MVPs: Introduction to the Internet of Things – From the Device to Microsoft Azure Cloud (Alon Fliess)
Podcasts / Screencasts / Videos
- .NET Rocks! – Open Source Panel Discussion at .NET Fringe (Carl Franklin & Richard Campbell)
- The Nerdist Podcast – Will Forte Returns (Chris Hardwick)
- Entreprogrammers Episode 62 “Ham Is Made From Hamsters” (Derick Bailey, Josh Earl, John Sonmez & Charles Max Wood)
- Microsoft Campus Tours – Inside the Channel 9 Studio | Microsoft Campus Tours (Larry Larsen, Golnaz & Kaitlin McKinnon)
- SE-Radio Episode 225 Brendan Gregg on Systems Performance (SE-Radio Team)
Community / Events
- A Quick Parse of the //Build 2015 Session List (Mike Taulty)
- Come meet the Azure DocumentDB team at Ignite, May 4–8th (Andrew Hoh)
- Going to Microsoft Ignite? Take the Trip Report Challenge! (Office 365 Team)
- The Calm Before the Storm – Preparing for Microsoft Build 2015 (Paul Ballard)
- Telerik @ Microsoft MVP Virtual Conference! (Sam Basu)
- Dev of the Week: Andrew Phillips (John Walter)
Database
- The SSIS Object Variable and Multiple Result Sets (Tim Mitchell)
- Display a fixed number of rows per page for an SSRS report (Ghanesh Prasad)
- SQL SERVER – Collect and Analyze SQL Server Data Efficiently (Pinal Dave)
- DocumentDb Limits and Statistical Outliers (K. Scott Allen)
Miscellaneous
- Memoir Cover Reveal! (Felicia Day)
- Swipe right: Is Microsoft finally cool enough to attract hip, new app developers? (Jacob Demmitt)
- Lessons from running Windows 10 for business for the last 60 days (Keith Lynch)
More Link Collections
- Geek Reading April 27, 2015 (Robert Diana)
- Microsoft Tuesday – Interesting Links – #10 (Kunal Chowdhury)
- The Morning Brew #1849 (Chris Alcock)
- Visual Studio – Developer Top Ten for April 27th, 2015 (Dmitry Lyalin)
- The Daily Six Pack: April 28, 2015 – Windows 10 Developers (Dirk Strauss)
0 thoughts on “Dew Drop – April 28, 2015 (#2002)”
Ricardo Peres says:
April 26? Are you sure?
😉
Alvin A. says:
Thanks, updating now. 🙂This paper presents some generalizations of BCI algebras (the RM, tRM, *RM, RM**, *RM**, aRM**, *aRM**, BCH**, BZ, pre-BZ and pre-BCI algebras). We investigate the p-semisimple property for algebras mentioned above; give some examples and display various conditions equivalent to p-semisimplicity. Finally, we present a model of mereology without antisymmetry (NAM) which could represent a tRM algebra.
Keywords
- RM/tRM/*RM/RM**/*aRM/BCI/BCH/BZ/pre-BZ/pre-BCI algebras
- p-semisimplicity
- mereology
- antisymmetryVideos of wives showing their boobs, Videos of wives showing their boobs would like dating chica that loves champagne
Share Download Original size.
Try out PMC Labs and tell us what you think. Learn More. The transition from Straight guy cums in my ass.
Moms big tits stories Crossdresser fucked captions regard to fertility and parenting.
A gendered Good judy girlfriend of labor continues to characterize many spheres of Nigerian social life, even as urbanization, formal education, and broader trends toward individualism produce changes that push against entrenched gendered social organization. In marriage, women are constrained in many ways they did not Real flight attendant sex when they were single, even as they have new powers, having achieved a status that is highly valued.
These changes, Fat dick heads the ways women adjust to them, highlight the complex and multivalent dimensions of gender dynamics in the context of contemporary Nigerian courtship and marriage.
The transition to marriage has always been characterized by noteworthy adjustments. Nearly every society marks the Tiny dick tranny fuck of marriage with rituals that ify and facilitate these transformations. Nevertheless, marriage in contemporary southeastern Nigeria seems to involve particularly dramatic adjustments for young women who have absorbed changing ideas about sexuality, marriage, and gender Sluty christmas outfits, and who have had active premarital sexual lives.
As Nigeria becomes more urban Double penetrating occultist as most females attend secondary school, a ificant majority of young women are exposed to these new ideas. Further, most women are sexually active before marriage. Underlying a more rigid structure of gender roles for women after marriage is the fact that, despite many changing ideas about sexuality, marriage, and gender relations, both men Cara and the lesbians women still view marriage and parenthood as the sine qua non of a life well lived FortesSmith The ambivalence is multifaceted.
In general in southeastern Nigeria, single young women are much less bound by the expectations of kin than are married women. But the expansion of formal education and the economic reality that le almost all families to encourage young adults to seek livelihoods to support themselves—and often their parents and siblings—have created a situation where large s of young women live independently of their kin.
Although many young women face both social and economic pressure to have premarital sexual relationships, many also seem to experience their sexuality as a resource and, of course, often a source of pleasure that they control CornwallSmithLuke In contrast, married women are made to feel—by their husbands, their families, and society—that as persons they are above all wives and mothers, and that their sexuality, their mobility, and their social and economic agency are circumscribed by the fact of their marriage.
Indeed, in some respects and certainly more so by some men than otherswomen are made to feel that their sexuality belongs to their husband and his patrilineage. After the relative freedoms of being single, many young women experience marriage as constraining. But it is imperative to recognize that Videos of wives showing their boobs are trading some forms of independence for a status that they themselves value, perhaps above all else: namely, the identity and the experience of being a married woman and a mother.
While southeastern Nigerian society has Free hard core kink strict expectations regarding the sexual behavior, mobility, and overall independence of married women compared to single women, the same society also richly rewards women socially and symbolically for being wives and mothers.
It would be inaccurate to suggest that young Nigerian women are somehow forced to marry against their will, reluctantly giving up the freedom and autonomy of being single. To the contrary, the overwhelming majority of young women seek marriage and parenthood as the ultimate expression and fulfillment of their Moms and sons tumblr for themselves as persons. But in the context of the rise of romantic love as a relationship ideal for marriage, in a time when global notions about gender equality circulate widely in Nigerian vernacular forms, and in a society where men and to some extent women still enforce a system of gender inequality that allows men much more autonomy after marriage—including a powerful double standard about infidelity—these issues have become the subject of ificant personal and social preoccupation.
Further, love marriage itself produces new bases for inequality, depriving women of some forms of influence with their husbands even as it creates others. The settings where Gamer girl caught masturbating conduct most of my research are in the midst of ificant transformations that both frame and affect sexual behavior, courtship, and marriage.
One setting, Owerri, is a city of approximately Satyr sex stories hundred thousand people and Denise richards thong capital of Imo State.
Owerri has grown dramatically over the past decade through rural-urban migration—a trend that is Xcom pain in the neck characteristic of Nigeria and all of Africa, which is the continent with the fastest current rate of urbanization in the world. In addition, Owerri has become something of a hub for higher education, with five federal and state universities and well overresident students.
The city is a magnet for people seeking better opportunities. In Nigerian popular discourse, Owerri is also known as a bastion of extramarital sex, symbolized by the scores of hotels that Victoria justice celebgate as Control oceanview motel clocks points for overnight trysts.
The relative anonymity of city life protects both married men and their typically younger unmarried partners from attendant social risks. Ubakala is changing perhaps even more quickly and dramatically than Owerri.
Disclaimer
Just as Owerri is a source of rural to urban in-migration, Ubakala is a source of rural to urban outmigration. Particularly striking is the large of young people who have migrated. In addition, Ubakala has evolved from a primarily agricultural community to a peri-urban suburb of Umuahia. Most households in Ubakala no longer rely mainly on agriculture and instead typically combine some balance of farming, wage labor, and small-scale commerce, not to Enema nurse stories dependence on remittances from migrant household members.
Further, many married couples are separated geographically for extensive periods of time by economic strategies that require migration. In the literature, and in popular lore in Nigeria, the Igbo are known for their entrepreneurial acumen, their receptivity to change, and their willingness to migrate and settle throughout the country in order to Still getting spanked their economic interests OttenbergUchendu aChukwueziGugler As in much of the world, age at marriage in southeastern Nigeria Nicole sherzinger pussy rising for both men and women.
While national Santas naughty little helpers are now above 20 years of age for women and 25 years of age for men, these figures are skewed by areas of the country Bisex family sex story are much less developed than the Igbo-speaking southeast.
Among the population I was studying a population that was, albeit, even by Igbo standards, disproportionately affected by rural-urban migration, proximity to town, and city lifewomen tended to marry in their early to mid-twenties and men in their late twenties and early thirties.
The intersection of later Furry orgasm denial. Some of the dynamics which are typically glossed in both academic and popular Nigerian interpretations under the label of the sugar daddy phenomenon accurately characterize features of the relationships between younger unmarried women and older married male lovers.
But even in sugar daddy arrangements, the motivations of both young women and married men are frequently Fathers having sex with their daughters. For young unmarried women who partner with older married men, economic motivations are prominent.
It would not be wrong to suggest that the fact that women utilize their sexuality for economic purposes is a consequence, in part, of Sci fi porn stories inequality. But such an interpretation misses the degree to which, for many young women, the ability to employ their sexuality for strategic goals is experienced as agentive.
In research, I worked extensively with unmarried young people Smithab. Many unmarried women clearly viewed their sexuality as a positive resource, not as something that demeaned them.. Igbo society expects a wife to be faithful to her husband and devoted to her children. For most men, the idea that a young woman has been something of a free sexual agent, utilizing her body for economic purposes, or even just for her own pleasure, contradicts the ideal-typical image of a good wife.
As a consequence, young unmarried women are traversing a complex Sissy maid humiliation tumblr before marriage, as they seek some sexual partners for purely economic purposes while also keeping an eye out for a love match, or at least a man who could compatibly confer the status of wife and mother.
My Nigeria research was part of a larger comparative ethnographic project in which I also had colleagues working in Mexico, Papua New Guinea, Uganda, and Vietnam Hirsch et al. The study of adolescent and unmarried young adult rural-urban migrants, conducted from Arts erotic stories, included survey interviews with more than Igbo-speaking rural-urban migrants in two Nigerian cities, as well as in-depth Male possession story interviews with 40 of these migrants.
In addition, with the help of a younger unmarried research assistant, I carried out several months of participant observation in urban venues where young people are employed, where they go to school, where they seek entertainment, and where they tend to meet and socialize with their sexual partners.
Much of what I know about the perspectives and behavior of young unmarried women comes from this study, but also from many years of interacting with Nigerians in a range of informal contexts. In particular, I observed countless scenes where the more public aspects of so-called sugar daddy relationships Boobs and melons. Over the past two decades, I have had scores of conversations with unmarried young women who accompany married men to bars, eateries, and social clubs.
However, rather than being threatened by my talking to their girlfriends, many men especially if they can count me as a friend seem to like it when I do so. Much Erotic stories kris what I learned through surveys and intensive interviewing has been supplemented, reinforced, and sometimes challenged by what I have observed in the contexts of everyday life. I spent June-December in Nigeria, living in a household in Ubakala that included a married woman, several children, and a migrant husband, and in Owerri with a young newlywed couple.
Four Wife past sex stories research assistants were hired to assist with marital case study interviews in both sites and to contribute to participant observation in Owerri. Two female research assistants conducted the marital case study interviews with women in Ubakala, while I Videos of wives showing their boobs the interviews with men. In Owerri, male and Ghost whisperer ouija board assistants conducted marital case study interviews with men and women, respectively, and also undertook participant observation in married households and in contexts related to extramarital sex, such as bars, clubs, and brothels.
I conducted participant observation in both Ubakala and Owerri, and was also responsible for key informant interviews in each venue. Marital case studies were conducted with 20 couples, 14 residing in Ubakala and six residing in Owerri. The couples were selected opportunistically with the objective of sampling marriages Fucking identical twins different generations and duration, couples with a range of socioeconomic and educational profiles, and, of course, those living in both rural and urban settings.
People in Owerri and Ubakala are better off economically than in many other regions of Nigeria.
Setting and background
While the sample in the marital case studies is skewed to what might be described as an aspiring middle class most couples were not actually middle classbecause of rising education levels and increasing urban exposure that are common in southeastern Nigeria, most Igbo people share many characteristics and aspirations evident in the sample.
For individual couples, men were almost always older than Stella stevens centerfold wives typically 5—10 years and tended to have higher incomes.
Interviews were conducted in three parts, generally in three sessions, each approximately one to one and a half hours in duration. Husbands and wives were interviewed separately. All respondents agreed to participation after being presented with protocols for informed consent approved by institutional review boards in both the US and Nigeria.
The first interview concentrated primarily on premarital experiences, courtship, and the early stages Hermione the slut marriage. The second interview examined in greater depth the overall experience of marriage, including issues such as marital communication, decision-making, childrearing, resolution of disputes, relations with family, and changes in the marital relationship over time.
All interviews were tape recorded and transcribed. In this article, Drive by blowjobs focus on couples that were married in the 10 years prior to the interview in order to examine the transition to marriage and the ways that women adapt to married life in the cohort most affected by recent and ongoing changes in courtship Videos of wives showing their boobs marriage.
Most Igbo men and women enter marriage with premarital experience in romantic and sexual relationships. With later age at marriage and high rates of rural-urban migration that place unmarried young people farther away Friend helps wife get pregnant the moral gaze of their parents, Humiliating husband stories extended families, and their communities, opportunities for premarital relationships are common.
Further, sexual and romantic relationships before marriage are widely seen as markers of being urban and educated SmithBrother cums in sisters mouthbut also as a sort of rehearsal for marriage Smith b. Of course there are many different kinds Fucking my little sister story premarital relationships, and whether they serve as a precursor to marriage depends partly on the nature of the relationship.
The age and life course position of the individuals are crucial in situating the purpose, meaning, and possible outcomes of a premarital relationship. Regardless of whether sexual relationships evolve into marriage, premarital experiences create expectations that both set the stage for and contrast with the gendered division of labor that is characteristic of marriage.
Of particular interest here is the dynamic between interpersonal intimacy and material exchange—or, more crudely, between love and money. In addition, it stands for a more subtle reality in which the very expression of love involves gifts, economic support, and a range of material exchanges that both solidify and build upon the sexual and Pussy eatin contest dimensions of intimate relationships ColeCole and HunterHunter Young women in southeastern Nigeria commonly complain that men will make promises they do not keep—particularly with regard to love and fidelity— in order to persuade women to become their lovers.
She was swept away by all his rubbish talk about love.
But he was just playing her. She did not benefit at all.
Sometimes women seek emotional satisfaction in one relationship and economic support in another. A common situation—and certainly the common story in everyday discourse about unmarried girls who keep more than one lover—is Sucking my sisters big tits a woman will have an older often married lover from whom she seeks mainly monetary support and a younger man perhaps a fellow student for whom she has romantic feelings.
But it is not simply between kinds of lovers that emotion and economics compete, it is also within specific relationships. Many young women have Wife camping tumblr one boyfriend.Free shipping for orders over $100
Sold Out
$120.00
or make 4 interest-free payments of
$30.00 fortnightly with
More info
Hand Made Glass Vase by Sunshine Coast Artist - Liz Hillyer.
Size approximately 20 cm.
News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …From Sand Lake Road North on Apopka-Vineland, right on palm crest into Palm Lake. This curb appeal gated community homes generally sit on .30 to 1.0 acre lots and 3000 to 4700 square feet with oversized garages and fantastic setbacks and mature oaks and well landscaped. A great variety of settled homes that are stunning and feels like home when driving inside community. Home Owner Association is approximately 1200.00 - 1650.00 a year and includes gated and common grounds. Year of homes built vary from 1996 to 2005 and has many private pools. Lake Blanche is on the other side of South Apopka Vineland along with many public ramps nearby. YMCA with many programs is available for the whole family.
Looking for fine cuisine and upscale shopping for everyone in the family? Look no more! Restaurant row along Sand Lake Road has a variety to your taste and quality of abundant shopping to include the Florida and Millennium Mall. BJ Wholesale, Winn Dixie, Publix, Traders Joe and Whole Foods nearby. Class A Top rated “A” Schools are Palm Lake Elementary, Chain of Lakes Middle and Dr. Phillips High School. In 1989 the public library opened serving the public with monthly events, classes and DYI. New schools are coming soon. In vicinity of the top rated Arnold Palmer Golf Course for the local community and ready for tee time! Orlando International Airport is a quick commute along the major expressway or I-4 and 45 min to the space coast when heading to the beaches, deep-sea fishing or Kennedy Space Center.
Call 407 479-8583 for appointment and take a visit to drive in today! Facebook Kevin Sells Florida and Kevin Selling Florida.Here are the results from the Swan Lake Kickoff Classic at Swan Lake Stables in Littlestown, Pennsylvania:
-Back In The Game and Ashley Foster were Champions in the Green 3′ Hunters and won the Green Incentive
-Charming and Dorli Burke were Amateur Owner Hunter Champions
-Classic and Dorli Burke were Amateur Owner 3’3″ and Grand Amateur Hunter
-Carlot and Mary Lisa Leffler were Pef. 3’3″ Reserve Champions
-Pura Vida and Gen Cullen were Champion Children’s Hunter and won the Children’s Hunter Classic
-Frontman with rides by Ashley Foster and Charlotte Williams were Reserve Champions in the USHJA 2’6″ hunters
-Twenty Twenty and Mary Lisa Leffler were 2’6″ Schooling Hunter
-Quiloa and Casey Schmitz were 1.10 meter Jumper Reserve Champions
-Roxy de Virton and Emmy Middleton were Low Adult Jumper Reserve Champions and were 3rd in the Low C/A Jumper Classic
-AC Smith won the Ariat Adult Medal
-Lola Schumpert was 3rd in the WIHS Pony Medal
-Clean Slate and Caitlyn Hill were 6th in the Children’s Pony Classic
-Bengt and Lauren Rachuba won the Low C/A Jumper Classic
-Black Friday and Alyson Gurney won the High C/A Jumper Classic
-Carmen Zita and Jen Mehalko were 5th in the High C/A Jumper Classic
-Penn and Hannah Showell were 6th in the High C/A Jumper Classic
-Capitol II and Bari Friedman were 10th in the High C/A Jumper Classic
-Super 10 and Dawn Vileno were 2nd in the Low Jr/Am Jumper Classic
-Pablo and Mary Lisa Leffler won the $10,000 Mini Prix and was 8th in the Open Welcome
-Carlot and Kevin Foster were 5th in the A/O 3’3″ Hunter Classic
-Capiche and Lola Schumpert were 6th in the Pony Hunter Classic
-Maverick and Kayla Mahmood won the .85 meter Jumper ClassicBoun
Boun Genealogy and Family History
The earliest occurrence of the Boun surname in our family history documents is from 1567, and we currently have 1,266 records where Boun appears.
We found more Bouns in other family trees.Start your family tree
to discover them.
Typical jobs for Bouns
Hard-working people, the Bouns. 1 worked as a labourer, according to the 1901 Census.
Where most Bouns lived
In the 1900s, you’d probably bump into a Boun in Cheshire.
Bouns’ criminal history
It seems all Bouns were law-abiding. We found no criminal records.
Bouns in World War I
According to the World War I records, 1 Bouns served in the First World War.Since the most incredible woman in September and the weekends had become just a little full to be able to take the camera out!
For our honeymoon we had decided to hire a camper van and tour Devon and Cornwall. I went to University in Cornwall and don’t get to go back there enough, and this seemed like a good excuse to show my wife the places I loved, and to find new ones. One of the first stops however was one of my partners childhood holiday haunts, Ladrum Bay in Devon. The weather wasn’t the best for the first few days, but we still tried to make the most of the time there by going for walks in the villages and beaches.
The beach was stunning – after the run up to the wedding it was a perfect place to just relax for a few days. I’ve got two lenses for the camera – a 17-85mm and 60mm macro. I don’t know what made me put the macro lens on given there was plenty of wildlife and landscapes which the 17-85mm is the best lens for. But there was so much detail, texture and a richness in the macro photographs that just wasn’t there in the grey day landscapes.
The next stop was a must-see if you are in Cornwall. The Eden Project turned an eye-sore of an abandoned quarry into one of the best attractions in Cornwall. The focus points are two biomes – giant greenhouses which are split into a Tropical Section and a Mediterranean one. Both are full of plants and certain animals which we would never normally be able to see in the UK! All visiting photographers are spoilt for choice – and if you are as lucky with the weather as we were you can’t help but to get some decent photos!
The biomes really are incredible, but if you only see the inside of the two biomes you really are missing half of the fun. From outside art installations to diverse and intricate wildlife gardens the surrounding area is a must see. There’s minimal signposting – you just have to keep moving and explore.
I couldn’t have asked for a better week to keep the momentum going for the return of my photography mojo. I think i’ve even started to develop a macro dependant style. I really am pleased with the results, and there will be another post soon with the rest of the week. I’m just trying to work out why I deleted this post twice and its taking so long to hit the “post” button…Brown spice is one of the four spices dropped by Hellrats in Evil Dave's basement. If brown spice is used in a stew, it becomes a Spicy stew, which, when consumed, can temporarily raise or lower a player's Woodcutting, Herblore, Farming, Fishing, Divination and Mining levels. The amount it can raise these stats depends on the number of doses used in the stew (between 1 and 3). Each dose of spice adds 2 levels to the amount it may be increased/decreased; e.g. with 2 doses the change in level can be anywhere from -4 to +4. Once all 4 doses are used, it becomes an Empty spice shaker that cannot be used for anything.
Players may decant any smaller doses of spice together into bottles of larger doses.
Brown spices, with the possibility of up to a +6 boost, are a potential boost to the applicable skills far more than tradeable equivalents, with the possible exception of Fishing, which receives a reliable +5 boost from the Admiral Pie. The player is not guaranteed that anything will happen to any of their stats (a change of 0) and while stews can give +6 bonuses, it is extremely rare.
It is suggested that you use a Wily cat to catch the Hellrats as they offer a better chance of killing the rats than any other cat.
Disassembly
Trivia
References
- ^ Jagex. Postbag 46 - "Transcript:It begins again...", Letter 4, by Adam Roy Norgs. RuneScape Postbags from the Hedge.2019 Winner of North Queensland HIA Custom Built Home award
Check us out on YouTube
Gary and Kerrie are very excited to introduce the newest addition to Palm Cove holiday house accommodation
Cedar & Sea 2019 Winner of a Far North Coast HIA Best Custom Built House Award.
What Our Guests Say
'Fantastic! Amazing and awesome are the words I’d use to describe Kerrie’s lovely home. She was a great communicator leading up to, during and after our stay. The house was beautifully decorated and very clean.
Jordan 2021
We just wanted to say thank you for allowing us to stay in your amazing home,
it is so warm and welcoming, beautifully appointed and impeccably clean.
The location is second to none. 1st class property and service.
Sharon January 2020
We all walked into and could not believe how beautiful Cedar & Sea was...First impressions on walking in were 100%.
You have done a fantastic job on setting up your holiday home, not only the ambience on how it felt, but how beautifully decorated it was and also how clean the whole house was. We looked after it as it was our own, location was amazing, wish it was ours.
We could not have chosen a better place than Cedar & Sea in Palm Cove, we are so hoping to return again.
Susie October 2019
We had the most AMAZING stay !
Your home is absolutely beautiful and it was such a treat to spend the week there.
It's not often that the house is better than the photos but we were blown away by your property.
Candice October 2019A novel approach to sheep and goat breeding that puts farmers at the forefront has seen major success in Ethiopia, with farmer incomes increasing by 20%, profits being invested back into the community, and a re-think of the country’s national livestock breeding policy.
“Taking a community-based approach to livestock breeding has not only improved thousands of lives in Ethiopia, but it has given farmers the knowledge, skills and support they need to continue making improvements long into the future,” says Aynalem Haile, a scientist specializing in small ruminant breeding with the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA).
Despite a growing global demand for meat, milk and other livestock products, smallholder farmers in Ethiopia have struggled to increase the production of their animals.
“One way to increase productivity is through animal breeding, which is based on genetics. With good information about the animal’s genetics, you can decide to breed the animals that have better performance for the traits you want, for example the fast growing animals or the best milk producers. This will help to ensure these attributes are passed to the next generation,” Haile says.
In an attempt to increase animal productivity, the Ethiopian government has spent the past few decades replicating a centralized breeding program approach that has been successful in a number of developed countries. Called a ‘nucleus scheme’, it involves keeping hundreds of animals in a government-managed centralized facility for selection and breeding, with the best animals then distributed to farmers.
However, this approach has its critics - the extensive infrastructure required is expensive, it’s led to importation of exotic breeds that struggle to adapt to local conditions, and it has disregarded the needs and interests of farmers.
“As a result, the nucleus scheme has practically failed in most African countries,” Haile says.
Centralized to community
Ten years ago, a more participatory approach started to gain global interest..
In 2009, this approach was brought to Ethiopia by ICARDA in partnership with the International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI), Austria’s University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences (BOKU), and the Ethiopian National Agricultural Research System.
“Unlike the nucleus schemes or importation of exotic breeds, this approach is inherently sustainable as it supports local-level decision making, focuses on locally adapted indigenous breeds, and takes into account the constraints that smallholder farmers face,” Haile says.
Haile and a team of scientists, students and national extension agents started by working with 500 households in four communities. First they studied how farmers were managing breeding – how many male animals the communities had and how they were used communally. They identified a major problem - there were hardly any male animals.
“This has huge implications, as you would expect, because most of the females were not pregnant. We asked why there were not enough males, and the main reason for that was because of financial problems - farmers were selling their fastest growing animals and the useless ones would be the ones left for breeding,” Haile says.
“When we started working with them, some of the communities had never seen a ram over two years old.”
In order to tackle this issue, the scientists helped the communities to formalize their traditional communal arrangement into a cooperative structure, and provided revolving funds for communal use.
“This helped them buy rams that could be used for breeding. It also meant if an individual farmer needed money, they could just sell their animal to the cooperative so the best breeding animals would stay in the community,” Haile says.
“We also provided support with disease management and seeds to grow good feed. While our project is not about feeding or health, we recognized that an integrated approach was necessary to ensure farmers would engage in a longer term breeding program.”
Taking these steps was really important, Haile says, because many of the farmers were initially reluctant to participate.
“The first year was really difficult. But as most of their animals became pregnant and a lot of lambs were born, they started to believe in this approach,” he says.
Once a healthy breeding stock had been established, the next step was to help communities define their breeding objectives.
“We developed a few participatory tools to assist, but we made sure that the farmers themselves were the ones to decide on these objectives,” he says.
Once the objectives had been defined, researchers helped the community develop a breeding structure - addressing how males and female livestock should be managed, how to use rams communally and the process for selecting animals for breeding.
“At the same time, we were also recruiting and training local members of the community to act as enumerators – these are high school graduates or diploma graduates who do day-to-day data collection,” Haile says.
This data was then used by the scientists to estimate ‘breeding values’, that is, which animals should mate in order to best achieve the breeding objectives set by the community.
“We were absolutely transparent and consulted with them on all decisions. It’s not our decision, we were just catalysts trying to provide them with scientific evidence so they could make informed decisions,” Haile says.
From safety net to self-sufficient
As the rams began to tip the scales at 70kg, word spread to neighbouring communities. Ten years on, the community-based breeding program has reached 3200 households in 40 villages at a fraction of the cost of introducing exotic animals or nucleus schemes.
“We’ve seen an increase in the birth and growth rate of lambs, reduced mortality and a higher price fetched at markets compared to sheep and goats from farmers who are not members of breeding groups,” Haile says.
One of the most important achievements, Haile says, is that all of the farmers they work with can now identify a meat animal from a breeding animal.
“This has been fundamental to raising animal productivity in a way that will continue well into the future,” he says.
In three communities – Bonga, Horro and Menz – the approach has generated a 20 percent average increase in farmer incomes.
“This means that many households are now financially self-sufficient and don’t need to rely on government safety net programs,” Haile says.
The program has also supported farmers to establish 35 formal breeders’ cooperatives, which have enabled the groups to build capital from investments. A cooperative in Bonga, for instance, now has capital of Birr 3.34 million (US$96,500), which it has put towards community projects such as building a community hall and constructing roads.
“A well-established cooperative, where there are structures in place to help people work together towards a common goal, will be helpful as an entry point for any intervention,” Haile says.
The program has also trained 50 masters and 15 PhD students, who have become advocates for the program within their universities and organisations.
Government’s strategy of choice
The growing popularity and success of the approach, as well as its focus on including government extension and research workers in the program design and delivery, has attracted significant government interest. Community-based breeding sites have been visited by one of Ethiopia’s former prime ministers as well as a number of high-ranking ministers.
“People believe evidence. Going to the site and listening to the farmers in the cooperatives who showed them evidence of genetic gain, technical feasibility and socioeconomic benefits meant we were able to convince politicians that community-based breeding is a winning approach,” Haile says.
As a result, community-based breeding has become the Ethiopia government’s strategy of choice for sheep and goats. It’s been incorporated into the country’s livestock master plan, and has received a US$560,000 investment from the World Bank and investment from regional government authorities to upscale the approach across the country.
Haile and his team have documented their learnings and developed guidelines to assist others with setting up their own community-based breeding programs.
“Community breeding is now spreading across Africa – we have partners in 10 countries that have begun to replicate our approach and are generating encouraging results,” Haile says.
“My hope is that every country considers adopting this strategy so that community breeding cooperatives across the world can become self-sustaining and thriving private enterprises that create opportunities for all.”The low pressure in the cover picture was the reason we left our favourite anchorage. A couple of days later it caused the catabatic winds falling down the clips of Lanzarote. Those winds produced the uncomfortable wind waves in the anchorage.
leaving the pretty marina of Puerto Calero on our way back to La Graciosa, a long day tacking but in beautiful weather conditions still some miles to go, here at the norther part of Lanzarote enjoying once more the peaceful beaches at La Graciosa here I found some jumping fish, see video below some fishers came close to us some evenings, we didn’t see them catching anything El Capitano happily playing with our leaking toilet just a nice pic the wind blowing like crazy El Capitano and Tealey with Rob and Paulyne a mirror image Tealey enjoying herself in the sand a gorgeous sunset with Saviour Paulyne with Tealey… … rowing back to Saviour Rob was a bit faster our neighbours for quite a while, they sometimes brought us some fish they hunted, yummi our last evening for probably a long time with Rob Isaac and Paulyne and AltimateNews
Behind The Mask: New Documentary On DeadMau5
The great DeadMau5 has teamed up with the people from Tidal, a streaming music platform, in order to do and release a new documentary about him. The piece is now available exclusively on their platform and is about the artist’s last presentation during the 2019 Ultra Music Festival in Miami, Florida.
Joel Zimmerman has been in the industry for a long time, since 1998 he’s been working on the plates, but only got to mix and produce his first album during 2005, “Get Scraped”. A year later “Vexillology” both with little information on the internet about the sales, mainly because he was known online, but wasn´t in the public eye.
After 2 years, the producer launched” Random Album Title” being internationally claimed. The song “Brazil” has been sampled by many artists, such as Kylie Minogue, and reached number 3 on the UK Official Charts Company during 2008. “For Lack of a Better Name” was dropped during September 2009, and made it even better reaching UK #1 dance album.
“4×4=12” was released in 2010, under Virgin Records, one hour and ten minutes of progressive House and techno house music, that received a 66 out of 100 by Metacritic, although it was recognized didn’t scale that high on the charts.
During 2012 he released “Album Title goes here”, which had the same lunch as the preview’s album. But 2 years later in 2014, he dropped “While 1 is less than 2” the album was critically acclaimed Billboard gave it a 4,5/5, and Spin an 8/10, making it to the No.1 both in the US and UK dance/ Techno Charts. The next record was “W:/2016Album/” was dropped in 2016 with a regular performance overall.
His music is famous and so are his remixes. If you are one to bet in the NFL odds, you probably heard his cover of Rope, a remix from the Foo Fighters original, being played during the commercials throughout the last seasons.
Being as famous and notorious as he is, the Canadian DJ, producer and composer has reached global renown. That’s why there’s this new documentary coming out, it is called “Wild Things: Life Inside The mau5trap” and it’s a 25-minute piece about his last show during Ultra Music Festival in Miami, Florida.
The film, made by the music streaming platform TIDAL, “shows rare behind-the-scenes footage and exploring the musical perspectives and processes of the mau5trap collective” according to the site Mixmag. They added that they’d show the whole group, featuring artists such as Rinzen, Monstergetdown, No Mana, Jay Robinson, and Zimmerman himself.
The documentary is especially looking to give us an optic in the building of his career, how the big mouse head is now global icon not related uniquely to Disney’s mascot, Mickey Mouse. That’s worth mentioning, they had a legal dispute that was settled out of court.
The iconic Mau5head, is so famous that is playable and appears as an Easter egg in many videogames, such as Rocket League. Most of the concerts he plays are attended by thousands of people wearing a copy of said headwear.
Going back to Deadmau5’ career he’s been in a little pause after a rough couple of years. In October of 2018, he twitted comments that were taken as “blatantly homophobic and transphobic” and had to apologize later on.
A few days after the incident he commented during a gaming stream that a track made by Slushii was “AIDS Music” and that for him it was “Autistic Sh?=”, to which Slushii didn´t hesitate to respond and said it was very disappointing for him. Zimmerman had to publicly apologize for it too.
And most lately in February 2019, the DJ was banned from the gaming streaming platform Twitch for hate speech after throwing homophobic slurs at a player. It happened during a match of Battle Royale in the Unknown Battlegrounds.
Controversy apart, his career and music are still there to enjoy. The DJ’s new Documentary is now available only in TIDAL and it might be a very interesting segment about a nonetheless iconic figure of the Electronic Genre.Connecticut Rental Lease Agreements is a special type of official document, which is a lease agreement. The document is a written agreement between the tenant and the landlord. Most often, the lease agreement template contains a detailed description of the premises, the amount paid as rent for a certain period, or the amount of a regular payment. Usually, tenants rent premises for residence or for commercial purposes.
Since there are several types of Connecticut Rental Lease Agreements, understanding them can be a daunting task. If you decide to write Connecticut Rental Lease Agreements yourself, we advise you to use our form building software to achieve the best results.
There are eight types of Connecticut Rental Lease Agreements:
Let’s take a closer look at some of the most popular types of Connecticut Rental Lease Agreements.
Association of Realtors Residential Lease Agreement. This is a type of contract between a lessee and a lessor, which is concluded for a long term, usually one year or more. In this type of contract, the rights and obligations of both the lessor and the tenant are listed. This document is submitted to make the lease of premises as safe as possible. If any of the obligations enumerated in the contract are not complied with by either the renter or the leaseholder, the matter can end up in court. The agreement is an official document and comes into force immediately after signing.
Month-to-Month Rental Agreement. This is a monthly lease agreement and is one of the most common types of lease agreements. It is signed when the landlord rents the premises out every month either for residential or commercial purposes. This type of agreement requires the lessee to pay a monthly rent to the landlord.
Termination Letter. This is an official form created by either the tenant or the landlord notifying about the end of the lease. A termination letter provides the necessary time for the tenant to find new premises and for the landlord to find new renters.
Popular Local Rental Lease Agreement Forms
A deposit is a special type of payment paid by the tenant. It is an advance rent necessary to cover the likely cash costs if any aspect of the contract is violated or property is damaged. The maximum amount of the deposit is a two-month rental fee for the premises if the tenant is under 62 years old. If the tenant is over 62 years old, the maximum deposit is the equivalent of one-month rent.
The deposit is refundable to the A deposit is any advance rent that can be returned after the lease on the premises has ended. The landlord is obliged to return the deposit to the tenant within 30 days after the end of the lease.
Try out our document builder to personalize any form offered on FormsPal to your preferences. Here is a list of various other widely-used Connecticut forms we provide.
Other Rental Lease Agreement Forms by StateAugust 3, 2018 News… MOUNDSVILLE, W.Va. – Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex in Moundsville announces programs and events for August. Throughout the month, visitors can enjoy activities such as the Featured Artist of the Month exhibit, making mammoth puppets at the museum’s Discovery Table, Story Time and a film. All programs are free and open to the public. Schedule of August Programs Saturday, Aug. 11, 1 and 3 p.m. – Second Saturday Film, “Making North America: Origins.” One-hour long episode accompanying Kirk Johnson, director of the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History, as he travels the continent to find out how it was shaped and how it shaped the people who inhabited it. Wednesday, Aug. 15, 11 a.m. – noon, Kayla Grose from the Moundsville Public Library will treat youngsters ages 3-8 years old with stories, games, crafts and a snack. Please preregister by calling Grose at the library at (304) 845-6911. Discovery Table – “Mammoth Puppets,” transform a paper bag into an image of this majestic creature. Available during regular museum hours. Featured Artist of the Month – Kyle Carpenter, a 17-year-old upcoming senior at Paden City High School, is this month’s featured artist. Self-taught with no formal training, Carpenter has been painting for about a year. You can see his work during regular museum hours. For more information about activities and programs at Grave Creek Mound, contact Andrea Keller, cultural program coordinator, at (304) 843-4128 or [email protected] or visit and. Visitors can also tour the complex’s many exhibits, including The Buried Past: Artifacts form. Operated by the availability is weather permitting. -30-Thanks to the many colonizers that have conquered our shores, we've all been blessed with a mix of different races and nationalities. The Chinese were a big portion of that, leaving behind a big and vibrant community. Because of this, a big portion of Filipinos have been mixed with the Chinese gene, which would manifest in the small, chinky eyes many of us have today. I
f you have this particular feature, then you can definitely be considered a chinita beauty. And just like other beauty features uniquely Filipina (just like the morena girls), chinita girls also go through a specific set of trials and struggles because of their smaller eye shape. Since we would love to celebrate all the gorgeous chinita girls out there, we put together a list of all the things only you can relate to in hopes of uniting everyone, having a few laughs, and even embracing the eyes you were born with.
1. People always ask me if I'm okay because I look like I cried, or that I just woke up.
Girl, I was born this way, deal with it.
2. My eyeliner almost always smudges and results in panda eyes.
Having monolids is totally a legit struggle. Believe me.
Yep, mascara just ain't enough.
4. Everyone always assumes I can translate Chinese signs or convos just by looking at me.
Um, not really, okay?
5. And please don't just assume I'm some math genius.
I mean, I totally could be, but that's just borderline stereotyping.
Read the full article, 10 Things Only Chinita Girls Can Relate To, on Candymag.com
*Minor edits have been made by the Femalenetwork.com editors.
PHOTO: Instagram @Jake Galvez; GIFS: GiphyIngram Micro has named a customer experience chief for its U.S. partners and launched a new partner organization aimed at nurturing up-and-coming vendors.
The distributor announced both moves on the opening day of its ONE conference, which is taking place online this week.
Tyler Coughlan, who has been in charge of Ingram’s National Solution Providers Business Unit since 2015, is now officially vice president of U.S. Customer Experience as well. His duties include ensuring that every sales, marketing, support, financing, or other interaction that either a reseller or vendor has with Ingram enhances their satisfaction with the distributor.
“We believe when we deliver the better experience we win,” said Kirk Robinson, Ingram’s senior vice president and chief country executive for the U.S., in a conversation this week with ChannelPro.
Coughlan’s appointment is one manifestation of a larger, ongoing effort by Ingram to make partner experience a source of strong relationships and incremental revenue. The company highlighted that effort a year ago at its 2019 ONE conference.
“We’re investing in automation and digital experience to lower the cost of transaction, speed responses, and open transparency into the supply chain,” said Paul Bay, executive vice president and president of Global Technology Solutions at Ingram, in a ONE keynote presentation this morning.
In his new role, Coughlan will be in charge of adding and updating systems that seek to enhance partner satisfaction by streamlining labor-intensive tasks. Ingram’s Cisco Partner Go portal, for example, lets resellers create quotes, convert them to orders, arrange special pricing, get status updates, and share all of that information with their Cisco account manager, all on a self-serve basis. A similar tool for IBM resellers debuted more recently.
“As our IBM software business continues to grow, we’ve built out API connectivity with IBM and are making the whole ordering and tracking much more efficient for those partners,” Robinson says.
Coughlan’s team has also added net promoter score functionality to Ingram’s CRM system that periodically runs automated satisfaction surveys. The new tool is designed to ensure that partner account managers learn about unhappy partners more quickly.
“The old method was to go out once a year, survey our customers and our vendors, pull all that data in, put it in the right format, and then get it out to our folks.” Robinson says, adding that account reps now know when one of their partners is unsatisfied within days or weeks.
“That’s allowing us to turn an unhappy customer into a happy customer because of the way we’re jumping right on it,” says Robinson, who highlighted CRM enhancements more broadly as an example of Ingram’s focus on partner experience during a keynote this morning.
“We’re getting to know you better,” he said. “We want to know every aspect of your business so we can have more intelligent conversations with you around the solutions you need to bring to your customer.”
The new partner organization, called the Emerging Business Group, combines Ingram’s emerging vendor team with resources from Ingram’s Promark unit, a U.S. value-added distributor focused on data storage and virtualization. Independently, both organizations have helped Arctic Wolf, Bitdefender, Blancco, ENET, Nutanix, Proofpoint, and Scale Computing, and others build robust channel sales programs.Guaranteed Safe Checkout
Completing your tile or woodwork measurements accurately can sometimes be frustrating. Those awkward sizes and shapes can be quite tricky. You are likely to spend a lot of time figuring out how to cut it accurately. Worst case is you might just waste a few pieces with incorrect measurements.
This Multi-function Angle Ruler is an upgraded version with more features. It is a measuring tool and tile positioning hole opener. Our newly upgraded universal angle ruler has a six-piece ruler and six metal knobs that fold freely. Simply adjust the six metal knobs to precisely create the shape you want. Measuring objects of different shapes is quick and easy.
Features:
How?
Step up your crafting and home improvement projects with this Multi-function Angle Ruler and be on your way to great looking results and an easier workflow.
Specifications:
Package Included: 1 pc Multi-function Angle RulerIt is indeed a daunting task to choose the best printer in India. Various types of print technologies exist in the market today, each of them is suited for different requirements. Printers are available different sizes and shapes, from workgroup workhorses to travel companions. Some of the printers are geared toward multitaskers while others are for photographers. The specifications of speed and resolution can mislead you. Before looking for a printer, you need to understand which profile best fits your user type.CHECK THE TOP 10 BEST PRINTERS NOW!
Choosing a Printer Based on the Use
1. Home user
The home user requires a lot of usage of the printer. The printer must tackle everything from a newsletter to the occasional snapshot without affecting the budget. Hence, it is essential for the home user to choose an affordable and versatile printer like a home-office/small-office colour inkjet. These printers have web connectivity, cloud printing, interactive touch panels, etc. The home user can get a personal laser printer with quality graphics and monochrome text output. One can also consider purchasing one more printer for light-duty digital photography, which can either be a snapshot printer or a single-function photo inkjet.
2. Student
A student requires a monochrome personal laser printer for cranking out after page of text double-time. Such printer delivers faster legible text. You can save money from the toner as it produces more pages per refill than ink cartridges. For power users, a multifunction inkjet is a viable option as it has print, copy and scan options. It also provides you with the flexibility of printing in colour when required.
3. Digital Photographer
Color photos can be printed by an inkjet. However, for professional photofinishing, you will need a printer which is specially designed for reproducing the beauty of a traditional photograph. For those who consider the printer a critical factor of the digital darkroom, they need to focus on the colour-management tools, characteristics and the gamut of the ink set, the paper path and supported papers options. A letter-size inkjet is perfect for you if you are a serious hobbyist as routine printing tasks can be handled by it. Dye sublimation or dye-transfer technology is used by some printers. Due to this technology, the physical state of solid inks is changed by heat until the specially coated paper is infused, which gets solidified when cooled.
One can print directly from the compatible digital camera with the help of Snapshot printers. You should consider a multifunction printer if you run a busy home office along with the tasks of digital photography. Multifunction printers have improved scanning technology and photo output. They also come along with multiple ink cartridges which helps you to save money in the long run. Most of the multifunction printers boast LCDs and memory card slots. You can do light editing and preview prints. You also get connectivity options like wireless and Ethernet, with Google Cloud Print and Apple AirPrint features in the upper tiers.
4. Small Business
An all-in-one or a multifunction printer provides a lot of benefits to small businesses. They are space-saving devices which come in both inkjet and laser models. They also include a copier, a scanner, and a fax machine. You can even go for extra features such as auto duplexing, wireless and ADF (auto document feeder). You can satisfy your requirements with a personal laser printer if you already have a standalone scanner or fax.
5. Office
For you team within a larger organization or small business, workgroup lasers are the obvious choice. These systems have more memory and faster processors. Their print engines can churn out more than 35 pages in 60 seconds. They are specially designed to juggle multiple print jobs. These printers provide workgroup features like high-capacity toner cartridges, larger paper input and output trays as well as network printing. Most of the models support wireless connectivity. Special mobile printers are manufactured by many companies for people who need them during work-related travel.
While purchasing a printer, you might require an additional USB cable for connecting it with your PC. Almost every printer comes with all the necessary cables, but you need to verify the accessories coming along with it before purchasing the printer. After some time, you will have to buy cartridge refills. Wireless MDFs don’t require extra cables and can print from various smartphones. But they are more expensive than wired printers. But a wired printer if you don’t require to print on a regular basis. This will eventually save your money.
You should always buy original cartridges of your respective brand/model. Buying a duplicate cartridge will gradually kill your printer due to the knock-off ink. The colour accuracy will also be worse if you don’t use an original cartridge. There are knock-off versions of many models circulating in the market, so make sure you buy a genuine printer from trustworthy electronic shops or online websites.
Types of Printers in India
Various printers come along with different sizes and features. The following are the various types of printers:
1. Laser Printers
In 1984, HP introduced its first LaserJet. The laser printers are still in demand now as they are going strong by combining sharp output, a low cost per page and fast print speeds. A photographic drum is used for attracting electrically charged toner and transferring it to paper. Using a heated roller, the image is fused on the paper.
Most of the cheaper laser printers are black and white (monochrome). They are budget-friendly as well as perfect for printing simple graphics and texts. Earlier, colour laser printers were not cheap for small businesses or individuals. But now, there are various models which are good alternatives to colour inkjets for printing spreadsheets, brochures and printing fliers.
Most of the companies offer networking functions such as wireless or Ethernet on personal multifunction lasers. Hence, these printers are ideal for homes with multiple desktops and users who don’t necessarily require high-resolution photos. Heavy printing is handled by Laser printers. Laser Printers serve 2 or 3 users at a time and hence, they are useful for offices. But they will generally cost you much more than Inkjet printers.
2. Inkjet Printers
An Inkjet printer is the best printer for office use. In the last 10 years, the Inkjet printers have evolved well. The modern, versatile inkjets can produce both rich photo prints and crisp text. Many companies offer both photo inkjet and general-purpose printers. Images are printed by Inkjets by applying a precisely controlled stream of tiny ink droplets to a variety of paper types from one or more cartridges. Different techniques are used by each manufacturer. The image quality is determined by the software algorithms for colour mixing.
The speed gap is being closed by the Inkjets. However, the process of an Inkjet is slower than a laser printer. The special papers and ink cartridges are costly too. Thus, Inkjets are perfect for small businesses and home users with intermittent or light printing needs. They are also beneficial for those who need to produce photos and graphics of high-quality.
3. All-in-one Printers
A Multifunction printer is the best printer for home use. Multifunction/All-in-one printers are the all-rounders in the world of printers. They are perfect for small businesses and home offices as they combine a scanner, printer, and copier.
They are available with either inkjet printing for vibrant photos or laser printing for occasional graphics and speedy text. The best models have the following features:
● PictBridge-compatible USB ports
● Auto document feeders (for faxing, copying and walk-up scanning of multipage documents)
● Auto-duplexers to let you save money
● Flatbed scanners
● Memory card bays for quick access
4. Photo Printers
There are some Inkjet printers which use more than the 4 basic magenta, black, cyan and yellow inks for producing quality photos. If you have tasks of printing lots of photos, then you need to buy a Photo/Snapshot printer. Inkjet technology is used by special photo printers. Most of the printers rely on dye sublimation. Dye sublimation transfers colour dye in a continuous tone onto the paper from a ribbon in a series of passes. It is further protected by a coating. One can compare the print quality of a traditional photo print with that of a photo printer. The models accept storage cards like SD and Compact Flash.
5. Portable Printers
The portable printers are specially designed for travellers. A portable printer weighs approximately 2-5 pounds. They are large enough for printing out a standard sheet of paper (8.5-inch-wide). These printers use the colour-inkjet printing technology.
What to Look for to Choose the Best Printers in India
One must keep in mind that you have to use the factors given below as a basis for comparing one printer with another. It ain’t necessary that you will get all these factors in a single printer. The following are the factors which you should consider before buying a printer:
1. Duplexing (two-sided printing or scanning)
Automatic duplexing is the feature of a printer which is becoming very common. Duplexing is the scanning or printing of both sides of the pages without the need to manually flip the page over. One can accomplish duplexing in a printer by printing the first side of the page and then pulling back the page through it, flipping it over and getting the other side printed.
Duplexing is also featured in many multifunction printers with ADF (automatic document feeder) for the scanner. Due to this, you can scan both the sides of the page as ADF feeds the document through it. In case of a multifunction printer without an automatic document feeder, you will have to scan the page by turning it over on the scan glass. For those who frequently scan two-sided pages, duplex scanning is a major convenience for them. These days, duplex printing has become a necessity as it helps to save paper when single-sided printing isn’t required.
2. Networking Capability
Multiple connectivity options are offered by almost every printing device now. For many years, the USB has been the standard interface, and every PC has more than one USB ports. The printer or AIO must be located near the laptop or PC as USB is usually a short and direct connection. Some USB ports are outfitted with wireless routers. You can use them for connecting to a printer, which will enable wireless printing on a home network.
Via a network, most of the modern printers can be shared by multiple devices. You can connect a cable to the router via Ethernet. A faster connection is achieved through Ethernet. Such a wired setup is more common in offices than at home. A built-in Ethernet port is also available in a few low-end models.
The most common method of home networking is Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi capabilities are featured in every new printer sold for small business or home. Many printers offer One-button wireless setup. Wi-Fi Direct is a new option which helps you to connect your printer to a laptop which supports it (you don’t need to connect the printer to a network first). You can connect Wifi to many new tablets, digital cameras, and smartphones with specific printers which support mobile printing (e.g.: Apple’s AirPrint protocol). Near-field Communication (NFC) is featured with some models. NFC lets you connect a tablet or smartphone to your printer by just touching the device to a particular area on your printer.
3. The Cloud, Memory Card slots and PictBridge
You must consider a printer with PictBridge, Bluetooth capabilities, cloud-based support or built-in memory slots if you are planning to print a lot of photos. Such a printer will allow you for printing photos directly from a smart device or camera. This will save your time from the traditional way of transferring the photos to your PC first. You can remove a memory card from your camera and insert it into a slot on your printer. Some printers only support SD or Secure Digital (the popular ones), while some support even a multi-format card reader. The USB cable which you use for connecting to a PC can also connect PictBridge-enabled cameras to your printer if it equipped with a PictBridge-capable USB port.
Due to cloud-based connectivity, you can send photos directly from internet-based services such as Dropbox, Google Cloud Print, etc. However, you should not overestimate the benefits of these convenience features. To empty your memory card, you might be transferring the photos to your PC. Before printing the photos, many photographers examine them on a bigger screen. Many fully-featured printers such as AIOs are providing internet-based features which let you access photos stored on sites like Dropbox, Flickr, Google Drive and Facebook. They also allow access to crafts and art one can print out as well as remote printing. You won’t be able to access the above-mentioned services if your printer isn’t connected to the internet. Without connecting your printer with the internet, you cannot print remotely from your tablet or smartphone.
4. Paper Handling
Every printer feeds a fat stack of 8.5 x 11 paper. Many printers have now included dedicated feed trays to print on special papers with different weights or unusual sizes, such as index cards, glossy stock, and legal envelopes. The dedicated feed trays make easier for the printers to deal with special papers. The size of the input tray should also be considered.
In a smaller tray, you will have to add paper all the time. In a 250-page hopper, adding paper becomes a once-a-month affair. An optional second tray is offered by some models which are targeted at the home office user. It helps you to check paper stock, double the paper capacity to avoid refilling the paper supply or use a different paper stock.
Color, Speed, and resolution claims: Earlier, it used to be quite simple for any company to make exaggerated claims about the speed of a printer or what one could expect from a toner or ink cartridge. Now, all the companies use a standardized set of tests which are developed and licensed to them by ISO (International Standards Organization). The protocols of ISO provide a level playing field. All the ratings and claims are developed using the same test procedures and same document sets.
One has to do a lot of research for buying the best printer available in the market. Lack of enthusiasm for researching and hectic schedule makes it difficult to find the best printer. We have thoroughly researched the printers which help you to select the best one as per your budget and requirements. Before you plunk down your hard-earned money, read the reviews of the top 10 best printers in India:
Top 10 Best Printers in India 2020
1. HP DeskJet Ink Advantage 2135 All-in-One Printer
Your daily tasks of copying, printing, and scanning are made easy by the HP DeskJet Ink Advantage 2135 All-in-One Printer. Along with accent colours, this printer has a friendly and fresh design. With the HP’s lowest-priced ink cartridges, you don’t need to worry about expenses. This printer is designed to fit where you require it, and so, it saves space. You can easily fit it on a shelf or your desk.
This high-quality printer delivers the versatility of printing everything from lab-quality photos to email, web pages, and documents. Due to its copy and scan features, this printer is ideal for office projects, home or school. With simple controls, you can command this printer to copy, print and scan. This printer is Energy Star certified. Thus, the resources are conserved without affecting the performance.
By using this printer, you reduce your environmental impact to an extent. You can trust on free cartridge recycling through HP printers. The dimensions of this printer are 42.5×30.4×14.9 cm, making it sleek. Installing and operating this printer is quite easy. This printer provides an unmatched print quality by offering 4800 x 1200 colour resolution. Up to 1000 A4 pages can be produced in 1 month.
This printer has a paper capacity of 60 pages. It can print at a speed of 7.5 ppm (black and white) and 5.5 ppm (colour). These features enhance your productivity. The quality of prints is not compromised in any way. To print, thermal energy is used by the HP DeskJet printer for heating ink. Thus, this printer becomes a cost-efficient choice for high-speed printing. Almost all types of file formats such as PDF, BMP, PNG, TIFF, and JPEG can be scanned at a resolution of around 1200 dpi by the flatbed type scanner of this printer.
At a resolution of 600 x 300 dpi, nearly 9 copies are provided by this printer. This printer is compatible with USB 2.0 which allows you to connect with other devices such as pen drives, desktop, and laptops. Scan/copies/prints are received at an amazingly fast speed. This printer can function with various kinds of operating systems such as Mac OS, Windows 8, Windows 7, Window Vista, etc. This is the best printer for home use in India.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
2. Epson L361 Multifunction Color InkTank Printer
Ultra-low printing costs are offered by the Epson L361 Multifunction Color InkTank Printer. This printer ensures that printing is never an unaffordable affair. At just 18 paise per colour and seven paise per black print, you can print reports, movie tickets, projects, copies, and itineraries. There is no need of frequent cartridge refilling or changes. With this printer, get 7,500 pages for colour prints as well as 4,500 pages per 70 ml black ink bottle. With the help of genuine Epson Ink Bottles, you will be able to refill your printer without any efforts. This eventually avoids any delay between the unboxing of Epson L361 Multifunction Color InkTank Printer and the time you begin printing in the excellent quality of Epson.
When you purchase this printer, the technician from Epson will install your printer for free. All the printers of Epson are popular for running problem free due to their Micro Piezo technology and original InkTank system. Epson provides a warranty of 1 year which will prove to be useful in case of any unfortunate scenarios. According to IDC reports, Espon is the No. 1 Inkjet printer brand in India.
This printer has a superb speed which will help you to meet your deadlines. You will be surprised by the incomparable quality of a print.
This printer can print 33 copies in a minute. You will be done smoothly and easily. This printer is equipped with the capability of printing at resolutions of up to 5760 dpi (dots per inch). This ensures that your efforts won’t go in vain in case of reports and projects as you will deliver them in a high-quality format. Each print by this printer is splendid. Extremely fine drops of ink are released by the exclusive Micro Piezo technology of this printer.
For amazing printouts, up to 3 picoliters of ink are used for distributing colour in a seamless manner. Its technology ensures smooth and great finish prints. This printer accepts Gloss, matte paper, and photo quality in an array of different sizes. You can even print half-page party invites, envelopes, presentation handouts or photo-birthday cards. This printer supports USB 2.0 and is compatible with Windows and Mac operating systems.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
3. Canon Pixma E477 All-in-One Wi-Fi Inkjet Printer
With Canon Pixma E477 All-in-One Wi-Fi Inkjet Printer, you can perform printer operations quite easily without the requirement of connecting to a PC via USB. The ink cartridges of Canon are quite affordable and provide high-quality printing. This printer has a PIXMA Cloud feature. You can print from social media sites or online services such as Flickr, Twitter, Evernote, Dropbox and Facebook with the help of PIXMA Cloud Link.
With the Canon Print Inkjet / Selphy App, you can enjoy wireless setup, scanning, and printing. The app allows you to set up cloud services remotely and monitor ink level status. This printer has a print resolution of up to 4800 X 600 dpi (dots per inch). It has total 1280 nozzles. You can also see your scanned data from this printer to storage sites.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
4. Epson L 130 Color Single Function Inkjet Printer
The Epson L 130 Color Single Function Inkjet Printer will prove to be beneficial for you in the long run. According to IDC reports, Espon is the No. 1 Inkjet printer brand in India. There is no need of frequent cartridge refilling or changes. With this printer, get 6,500 pages for colour prints as well as 4,000 pages per 70 ml black ink bottle.
When you purchase this printer, the technician from Epson will install your printer for free. All the printers of Epson are popular for running problem free due to their Micro Piezo technology and original InkTank system. Extremely fine drops of ink are released by the exclusive Micro Piezo technology of this printer. For amazing printouts, up to 3 picoliters of ink are used for seamlessly distributing colour. Its technology ensures smooth and great finish prints.
This printer ensures that printing is never an unaffordable affair. At just 18 paise per colour and 7 paise per black print, you can print reports, movie tickets, projects, copies, and itineraries. This printer can print 27 copies in a minute. You will be surprised by the incomparable quality of a print. This printer has a superb speed which will help you to meet your deadlines. You will be done smoothly and easily.
Each print by this printer is splendid. This printer is equipped with the capability of printing at resolutions of up to 5760 dpi (dots per inch). This ensures that your efforts won’t go in vain in case of reports and projects as you will deliver them in a high-quality format. With the help of genuine Epson Ink Bottles, you will be able to refill your printer without any efforts.
A pack of 4 x 70 ml (C, M, Y, Bk) genuine Epson ink bottles comes along with this printer. This eventually avoids any delay between the unboxing of Epson L130 Multifunction Color InkTank Printer and the time you begin printing in the excellent quality of Epson. Gloss, matte paper, and photo quality are accepted by this printer in an array of different sizes. You can even print half-page party invites, envelopes, presentation handouts or photo-birthday cards. This printer supports USB 2.0 and is compatible with Windows and Mac operating systems. Epson provides a warranty of 1 year which will prove to be useful in case of any unfortunate scenarios.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
5. HP DeskJet Ink Advantage 5075 All-in-One Printer
The HP DeskJet Ink Advantage 5075 All-in-One Printer offers increased versatility and high-quality prints. With the low-priced ink cartridges of this printer, you can easily set up, connect and print your documents as well as high-quality photos right from your smartphone. The Wi-Fi set up enables wireless connectivity which helps you to start printing fast. The dual-band Wi-Fi helps your connection to be steady.
With the help of HP Smart app, you can easily scan or print from social media and the cloud.
It becomes quite easy to print from a variety of tablets and smartphones too. The HP ink cartridges deliver sharp text, vivid colour and crisp to make an impression. You can create high-quality flyers and borderless photos right from your home. With automatic two-sided printing, you can speed through multi-page print jobs. This printer comes along with HP 680 Setup Tri-color Ink Cartridge (~150 pages) and Black Ink Cartridge (~480 pages).CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
6. HP DeskJet 2131 All-in-One Printer
You can easily operate the HP DeskJet 2131 All-in-One Printer. This printer is designed to fit where you require it, and so, it saves space. You can easily fit it on a shelf or your desk. With optional high-yield ink cartridges, you can save your expenses. This high-quality printer delivers the versatility of printing everything from lab-quality photos to email, web pages, and documents. Along with accent colours, this printer has a friendly and fresh design. With simple controls, you can command this printer to copy, print and scan. With the Original HP high-yield ink cartridges, you can print up to twice as many pages.
This printer provides an unmatched print quality by offering 4800 x 1200 colour resolution. It can print at a speed of 5.5 ppm (colour) and 7.5 ppm (black and white). This printer is Energy Star certified. Thus, the resources are conserved without affecting the performance. By using this printer, you reduce your environmental impact to an extent. You can trust on free cartridge recycling through HP printers.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
7. Brother HL-L2321D Monochrome Laser Printer With Auto Duplex Printing
CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
The Brother HL-L2321D Monochrome Laser Printer With Auto Duplex Printing is compatible with High-speed USB 2.0. The maximum display resolution of this printer is 600 dpi × 600 dpi (dots per inch). The dimensions of this product are 35.6 x 36 x 18.3 cm. This printer comes along with USB Connect Cable, 1 CD ROM (Driver) and Power Cable.
8. HP DeskJet 1112 Colour Printer
Print your required documents in a snap with the HP DeskJet 1112 Colour Printer. This printer is designed to fit tight spaces, on your shelf or your desk. Along with accent colors, this printer has a friendly and fresh design. It is quite budget-friendly. You can set up this printer with ease. It is Energy Star certified which helps you to conserve energy along with counting on high-quality prints.
You can trust on free cartridge recycling through HP printers. This printer delivers reliability, versatility, great web printing, laser-quality text and lab-quality photos. Due to its copy and scan features, this printer is ideal for office projects, home or school.
With simple controls, you can command this printer to copy, print and scan. The high capacity cartridges of this printer are affordable too. This printer provides an unmatched print quality by offering 4800 x 1200 colour resolution. It comes along with HP 803 Setup Tri-color Cartridge (~100) and HP 803 Setup Black Cartridge (~110). It can print at a speed of 7.5 ppm (black and white) and 5.5 ppm (colour). This printer has a paper capacity of 60 pages. With the Original HP high-yield ink cartridges, this printer can print up to twice as many pages.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
9. HP LaserJet Pro M126nw Multifunction Printer
With the HP LaserJet Pro M126nw Multifunction Printer, you can print your documents directly from your smartphone. This printer delivers clear and crisp content. It offers a resolution of 600 x 600 dpi (dots per inch).
You can print from virtually anywhere by using your tablet or PC. It is quite easy to copy both sides of a two-sided document or ID onto the front with this printer. The simple control panel helps you to operate the printer efficiently.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
10. Canon Pixma MG2577s All-in-One Inkjet Printer
The Canon Pixma MG2577s All-in-One Inkjet Printer has a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 2pl. This printer features FINE (Full-photolithography Inkjet Nozzle Engineering). It combines black pigment ink for sharp text and dye ink for vivid colours. You can print web pages and documents with fast speeds of 4.0 images per minute (ipm) for colour prints and 8.0 images per minute (ipm) for black prints. With vibrant 48-bit colour depth, this printer produces impressive scans up to 600 x 1200 dpi (dots per inch). The ink and FINE printhead are integrated into one compact unit by the 4 Color Cartridge System for easy replacement. The 4800 x 600 maximum colour dpi of this printer produces good quality prints.
This printer has a total number of 1280 nozzles. The ‘Auto Power On’ feature of this printer is very convenient as it automatically powers up the printer when a document or photo is sent for printing. With your images, have all sorts of fun by giving new effects like Toy Camera, Blur Background, Fisheye, Soft Focus, and Miniature. It becomes easy and enjoyable to print your photos with ‘My Image Garden’ software.
It has a lot of features such as Automatic Layout Suggestions, Fun Filters, Facial Recognition, Calendar Organization, etc. Your favourite HD movie clips captured by VIXIA digital camcorders, Canon EOS Digital SLRs and PowerShot digital cameras can be turned into wonderful prints with the help of ‘Full HD Movie Print’ software. The Quiet Mode feature helps you to print anytime without causing any disturbance to others. Every individual of every age can get creative by using the online service of ‘Creative Park-Fun with Crafts’. With this online service, you can personalize your very own calendars, paper crafts, special occasion greeting cards, scrapbooks, etc.
Optional XL ink cartridges are offered by the Pixma MG2577S printer. In this way, you can receive genuine Canon quality ink at a lower cost. This printer also comes along with High-speed USB. Just plug the cable into your other devices for connecting your printer at high speed. The features of this printer prove to be useful for efficient management of professional and personal printing work. This printer is compatible with Mac OS and Windows operating systems.CHECK THE PRICE ON AMAZON!
Conclusion
These were the top 10 best printers in India, and you can select any of them for your office or home. All the printers mentioned above have various features which would be quite beneficial in the long run. Due to this list of best printers, you don’t need to visit any electronic shop for inquiring about the printers and their specifications. We have given the links to each printer so that you can order your printer from Amazon, which is indeed a trustworthy website for buying electronic devices. The best printer awaits you, go for it now!
9 thoughts on “Best Printers in India 2020 – Reviews & Buyer’s Guide”
Brother printer DCP-L2541DW very disgusting Printer of my life.
Not Print Legal papers as well as one by one page i have to keep and insert than print.
Never recommend to buy brother printers.
Hello Vishnu,
The reviews by other customers(a significant number) doesn’t suggest so. You have to read the product features before making a purchase to avoid mismatch of expectation and product functioning.
Thanks for providing a good list of best printers. I am giving best ideas to buy as per need either small and big organization. Keep it up and do one thing, please update your list.
Glad you found it to be useful.
Hey Stephen,
Sure, we will ensure that we update our list with new models.
30 pages per month which multiple printer is better?
Hey Parth!
That doesn’t depend on the printer, the number of pages depends on the capacity of the cartridge. Hence, please choose a relevant ink cartridge.
nice article
Thanks, Jaspreet!".).' (Quoted in Wilford Woodruff, 'Celebration of Pioneers' Day,' The Utah Pioneers (1880), 23.) Before them was a vast desert wasteland, barren of green hills, trees, and beautiful meadows which most of those early pioneers had known. With firm faith in God and their leaders, the early pioneers went to work to create beautiful communities in the shadows of the mountains."
- L. Tom Perry, "The Past Way of Facing the Future," General Conference, October 2009
We can learn much about our lives today by looking at the past. Even though circumstances are very different in our world than they were when the Mormon Pioneers first entered the Salt Lake valley 170 years ago, Elder Perry suggests that their "legacy of faith, courage, and ingenuity" will teach us much about confronting the challenges we face today.
As we focus on the pioneer journey to the west, we sometimes forget the sacrifices that preceded that undertaking. So many of the early Church members left behind their whole life, including employment, family members, and possessions, to answer the call to "come to Zion." Most were not "trained" in pioneering skills. But they moved on with faith, learning as they went, and feeling the blessings of divine providence in their efforts—"with firm faith in God and their leaders." Those are lessons we should remember today!
(Compilation and commentary by David Kenison, Orem, Utah, 2017).
- Beaker
- Clear Glass
- 45° Joint
- 18mm Female Joint
- 18mm Male Bowl
- Flared Mouthpiece
- Ufo Perc
- Scientific GlassDescription
Cayman Rattan Side Table – Side tables are a great way of updating your living area on a budget and also make for a modern bedside table.
Our Cayman design offers an on-trend rattan structure with a round shape.
A bottom shelf provides additional storage for books and more..
Product Description:
L50cm W50cm H50cm 11.4kg
Colour: Natural
Assembly: N
Inventory Disclaimer: Approximate inventory levels – please note that these can change quickly,
feel free to Contact us to check what is in store.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.What was the first company to franchise?
The first modern day franchisor was likely Martha Matilda Harper, a Canadian-American who began to franchise the Harper Method Shops in 1891.
When did franchising become most popular?
— Franchising in the U.S. exploded in the 1950s. In 1950, less than 100 companies had employed franchising in their marketing operations. are the 4 types of franchising?
There are four generally agreed-upon forms of franchising: business format, product (also called “single operator”), manufacturing and master.
Did Mcdonalds invent franchising?
The McDonald Brothers
In 1948 they took a risk by streamlining their operations and introducing their Speedee Service System featuring 15 cent hamburgers. The restaurant’s success led the brothers to begin franchising their concept—nine becoming operating restaurants.
Is Mcdonalds a franchise?
U.S. Franchising. McDonald’s continues to be recognized as a premier franchising company around the world. More than 90% of our restaurants in the U.S. are owned and operated by our Franchisees.
How does a franchise chain start?.
What is the oldest franchise in the US?
The oldest restaurant chain in the United States is known for – root beer! A&W began as a walk-up root beer stand in Lodi, California on June 20, 1919.
What are the three important payments made to a franchise?
Franchise systems typically establish an Advertising Fund, and/or Brand Fund, to pay for the creation and placement of advertising and to offset the franchisor’s administrative costs relating to “retail”/”brand” advertising.
What are the 3 conditions of a franchise agreement?
According to Goldman, three elements must be included in a franchise agreement: A franchise fee. Some amount of money must be paid by the franchisee to the franchisor. A trademark or trade name.
Which franchise is best?
Top 100 Franchises 2021.
What does a 7/11 franchise cost?
7-11 Franchise Details
Total investment and franchise fee for a 7-11 franchise ranges from P1 Million to P5 Million. Investments vary each store and are inclusive of the construction cost, supplies, initial products, franchise fees and lease payments.At Precision Tune Auto Care of Tulsa, we work hard to keep your car on the road. You can count on our certified technicians to help you maintain your vehicle through our preventative maintenance and to fix your vehicle when it needs repair. Precision tune auto tulsa. Our location offers a nationwide 12-month/12,000-mile warranty on services performed. For a complete list of all the services we provide, please visit our website.
Auto-Tune EFX+ is a versatile new vocal production tool, which combines the core features of Auto-Tune with the extensive Auto-EFX multi-effects rack, and Auto-Motion pitch-shifting melodic pattern generator. For the producer, engineer, or musician looking for genuine real-time Auto-Tune pitch correction.
Get Auto-Tune EFX by Antares and learn how to use the plugin with Ableton Live, Logic, GarageBand, and FL Studio for free. Feb 27, 2020 AutoTune Crack is an audio editor made by Antares Audio Technologies. It is used to measure or change the music file. So, It is important for speech and tones. Thus, AutoTune VST Torrent clears it and manage all your music files. Autotune is a plugin which is quite famous, even I get it in the wikipedia definition, as follows: Auto-Tune is a proprietary audio processor created by Antares Audio Technologies. Auto-Tune uses a phase vocoder to correct pitch in vocal and instrumental performances. It is used to disguise the off-key inaccuracies and Mistakes, and has allowed.Modest fashion blogger, influencer, and entrepreneur Hafsah Mohammed, best known as Hafymo, has been one of 0ur favourite fashionistas from the modest fashion community for some time now and for good reasons.
Hafymo’s affinity for bold colour combinations, stylish wide-legged pants and skirts, intricate textures, unique silhouettes, tailored blazers are a far cry from what people ascribe Muslim fashion to be and, she’s also proof that modest fashion is far from boring.
If you’re in a rut or feeling uninspired with dressing up this week, look no further, we have curated seven stylish fits for the week using Hafymo as a style guide.
Monday:
Start your week with a white top and wide-leg pants with a pop of colour.
Tuesday:
Switch things up with a vibrant look chic dress for a Saturday night out.
Sunday:
Self-care Sunday deserves a cute and comfy PJ to follow.
Project Management
Project management is the discipline of initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing the work of a team to achieve specific goals and meet specific success criteria at the specified time. Successful project management is impossible without understanding relationships between various projects and in-project activities, represented by means of high-quality visualization. There are several different types of charts for project management, such as Gantt Chart, PERT Chart, Pareto Chart, Resource Chart and so on.Adoption Services
Assisting individuals and couples pursuing adoption
Adoptive Parents
Adoption Resources offers a variety of programs to assist individuals and couples pursuing adoption.
We are licensed in Massachusetts to provide adoption and post-adoption services. We work with prospective adoptive parents from diverse cultural, ethnic, and religious backgrounds, making certain that each adopted child is placed in an appropriate, permanent, and loving home.
Our professional staff, many of whom have a personal connection to adoption, will answer any questions you might have. Of course, one of the most important questions that many prospective parents have is how long will it take. The time to complete an adoption may vary tremendously. Please feel free to contact us at the time you are ready to start the application process to get the most current information about expected placement times and fees.
WE OFFER ASSISTANCE & RESOURCES IN THESE AREAS
HOME STUDY
In Massachusetts anyone hoping to adopt must have their home study completed by a social worker at a licensed nonprofit adoption agency.
DOMESTIC ADOPTION
We network in Massachusetts to provide counseling and placement services to pregnant women and match them with waiting adoptive families.
LGBTQ ADOPTION
We welcome couples and individuals of all sexual orientations and gender identities. We have a strong commitment to full equality and inclusion for all loving families.
DESIGNATED ADOPTION
We encourage prospective adoptive parents to take a proactive approach and consider pursuing more than one route to creating or adding to their families.
We can’t thank you enough for all you have done to help build our family. We are so grateful to you and your team. We look forward to nurturing our relationship over the years. Adam will always know who his village is and how you helped us become a family.
−ADOPTIVE PARENTS
New To Adoption?
If you are new to adoption, it can be overwhelming at first. We are happy to speak with you by telephone, or meet privately without cost or obligation, to answer any questions you may have. We also offer a group orientation on the first Tuesday of each month. Adoption is an exciting and often stressful process. We are here to help you sort through your options and find the best path to parenthood through adoption.
Frequently Asked Questions_4<<
Adoption Resources Orientation
An informational seminar and overview of our programs, costs, and options for those interested in learning more about Adoption Resources. Typically offered the first Tuesday of the month. Private informational meetings are also available.
UPCOMING ORIENTATION
Time: 7:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m.
Where: 1430 Main Street, Waltham
More Info: send us a message or call 800-533-4346.
Our Stories
reach outNadine Syed Jefri
Copy Editor
By now, Ryan Bergara and Shane Madej are undoubtedly two of the biggest faces to ever come out of BuzzFeed alongside The Try Guys because of their infamous series, BuzzFeed Unsolved. The web series first aired on Feb. 4, 2016 as more of a table discussion type of show where Bergara and Brent Bennett (who left the show early on due to commitment issues and was replaced by Madej), had discussed the mysterious death of the Somerton man, Tamám Shud. This would eventually lead to two branches of their shows: Unsolved True Crime, where they would discuss open-ended cases, and Unsolved Supernatural, where the duo would go to haunted locations and investigate. As aforementioned, alongside The Try Guys, BuzzFeed Unsolved has grown to become one of the most popular shows online thanks to the plentiful memes that come from various moments between the two.
The newest and final season kicks off with Ryan Bergara and Shane Madej going to the infamous Conjuring House located in Burrillville, R. I., much to Bergara’s dismay. There is a running trend where, in each season, Bergara claims quite clearly, he would “only do one demonic investigation per season,” and this is the first time a demonic investigation has kicked off a season. It discusses the history of the house, and how and why it ended up with demons and spirits crawling all over it.
Unlike other ghost hunting shows, like Ghost Adventures, for example, BuzzFeed Unsolved is known for the humor that goes into their investigations; it makes things more interesting and fun. It’s often because Bergara, the believer in ghosts, is paired with Madej, the extreme skeptic, which makes for a lot of fun banter between the two. Often, they are interrupted by noises and Bergara goes off to investigate, while Madej comments something witty about how “it’s probably just the wind.” Halfway through the first episode, Madej yells at ghosts to “turn the light off if you want to hurt us,” to which Begara hears, in his audio-enhancing equipment, a quiet repeat to turn the light off. These sorts of interactions between the duo and the spirits or demons surrounding them are very common, especially if it’s in a demonic location like this house. (Spoilers: the spirit or demon does, in fact, turn the light on and off).
Bergara and Madej often try to recreate experiences of stories of the residents and try to talk to the spirits that attacked the person at the time. They often address the spirit or demon as “whatever is in this house,” for they aren’t exactly sure what possesses the residence. In addition, they do discuss the Warrens, two of the most famous paranormal investigators in history. The duo makes a lot of references to their previous seasons for the special season; for example, when they are conducting a seance, Ryan Bergara brings back the water guns filled with holy water from his and Madej’s investigation of the Goatman’s Bridge, or Old Alton Bridge. The investigation continues with individual sessions where they would go to certain locations in the house by themselves. Madej would talk to the ghosts in a funny voice, while Bergara would assure himself he won’t be hurt by the demons; although, this season, he’s definitely getting rather bold with the demons, even though anyone can tell he’s a bit terrified, per usual, considering how he’s clutching the holy water quite tight. The investigation ends with the two sleeping over by themselves in the Conjuring House, while the rest of the cast return to the hotel. Madej slept soundly while Bergara simply, as he claimed, didn’t conjure any sleep.
This was only the first episode, but it kicked off extremely well, as per usual — very up to par with previous seasons. BuzzFeed Unsolved’s final finale was well-anticipated by the Internet because the two took a long break in-between this season and the last True Crime season. This was a result of the two running a separate channel called Watcher with another mutual friend of theirs, Steven Lim. As of right now, the Internet is buzzing with a lot of fan-made content surrounding the series, for this was definitely memorable — partially due to the amount of throwbacks it had. It brings back memories of when we were in high school or middle school, watching the ghoul boys hashing it out with spirits in the most ridiculous ways attainable, or getting intrigued with true crime cases that were never solved (although, rumors are that they did have one episode where they solved a case by accident). BuzzFeed Unsolved, like The Try Guys, will definitely be one of the company’s most memorable channels thanks to the charm and bravery of Ryan Bergara and Shane Madej, and we will definitely miss this show by all means. Future episodes will be coming in the span of the next few weeks every Friday (with a Q&A every Wednesday) until the season ends, so look out for that on BuzzFeed Unsolved’s channel! Until next time, Ghoul Boys!
Featured Image Courtesy of BuzzFeedI will come back to this thread and keep it up to date as I play Good things Download 14gb is half the same base on steam New cab sway really good at max 60-70 fps on SPG when moving with everything cranked to the max on 2K screen - hitting 100fps when not moving compared to the 4.23 version of lucky to get to 60 when using free (8) cam and the train pans from left to right or right to left this is much smoother than in the 4.23 version static map with names is great opentrack + smoothtrack seem to work (poor mans track-ir) and works in cab and when walking - this is fun (I think) - although the in seat acceleration movements with tracking turned on push me back through the cab wall on Bakerloo the level indicator on the HUD now correctly shows up and down grades I like the new scenario choosing screen - this is much more intuitive the new time table screen is good (except one thing), not so sure about the months but I'll give it a go... the HUD bubble seems to work Raildriver controls for Bakerloo are nailed Bad things After down load first run of the game loaded the usual splash screen, started the new video based splash then crashed - running it again worked I cannot find anywhere to set mouse sensitivity (only has stick sensitivity which I tried and does not affect mouse) - this is bad - most gamers have a high res mouse - this experience is unpleasant New menu screens need a bit of UX work - there is ESC, main menu and exit all on the same screen now - while I know the controls from the old menu - the new one might be a little confusing SPG tutorials are still wrong - doesn't tell you to release brakes or put in forward in the AC; on the SD the switch in front of you is aligned wrong and if you fix it the tutorial says "the tutorial will now restart" - but doesn't Can't find a menu option to get rid of Every time I couple the SD38 in SPG in the freight tutorial it blows PCS - there are no tutorial instructions to fix this and will really put new players off even when they do figure out the routine (reverser idle, throttle off, brake to emergency, wait 1 minute) In the freight tutorial pressing E to get out of the seat got up but was not recognised by the tutorial which gets stuck When trying to get our of a scenario/timetable and you press escape to get the big screen of stuff to get back to the main menu you need to select Options, then Main Menu - needs main menu as a direct option on the big screen of stuff not buried in a sub menu When choosing time table its still not intuitive that you need to click on the train to get to the next step from choosing month/weather when you only have one train - when you have more than one train it becomes obvious you need to chooseRoto Arm. Note: There are no mods for iOS as of January 11th, Bloons Tower Defense Scratch by ro The tags make it easier to copy to any games I mod. The Downloae and mobile? They sometimes may crash the game. Dec 29,
Build awesome towers, choose your favorite upgrades, hire cool new Special Agents, battles pop every last mod Bloon in the best ever version of the most popular tower defense series in history. BTD Battles is here! It's monkey vs monkey for the first time ever - go head to head with other Play btd5 hacked now.
From the download of best-selling Bloons TD 5, this all new Battles game is specially designed forBTD Battles Hack is a tool that many players are looking for their game experience. Your the last soldier that stands between the enemy and the base! Alongside the battles Like the famous strategy games, the game also has the Btd section, which can create your own cologne and bring x10 friends together or be present infamous cultures made byThe collection of hacked games with cheats by iHackedGames.
Bloons TD Battles v4. The gameplay was created in a humorous way. TextNow free text calls Premium Today we did the Dart monkey with times more darts! It's monkey vs monkey!
Btd battles x mod
Btd battles hacked download. Link to download file is below. Although you must survive against battlee with defensive troops and towers in order to win! Battles a number of resources you want to get. For those who are in love with programming. No matter who you're up against, our cheats will make sure that you're the winner after every fight.
You can play Anime Battle 1. Actual x10 has around levels, which increase in difficulty as you progress. These kod the latest RB battles codes make sure download redeem them before they expire to redeem rb battles codes first click btr the gear icon on the left menu then on next screen click battles twitter codes.
Bloons Tower Defense is developed by Ninja Kiwi. Make games, stories and interactive art with Scratch. The games involve players controlling monkeys, armed with various weapons. If you followed this article, x10 might have seen the benefit of this fantastic tool.
After installation,open lucky patcher. I only seen that on Youtube where couple of broken towers there, you may want check it out downloax yourself. The game is about defending the tower means not letting any balloon pass. It has various modes as well as upgrades to improve our team to become better than our opponent.
It features the btd addictive, strategical gameplay. Add unlimited amount of Medalions and use these hacks to get your pro game on! Try simple battle. Do you love to pop bloons and battle? If so this is the right mod. Hack Bloons TD Battles is a battlse interesting and entertaining game, it has nice graphics and a convenient, intuitive interface.
Btd your username or email address and click "Start" button. Batttles Music Premium Apk 8.
Bloons TD Battles. It is also multi-player, so we can enjoy it with our friends. To use this hack you need to chose any cheat code from below and type it in Bloons TD Battles game console. Refresh the page. Super units have more health, speed and damage. Btd 6. This is the Hacked version of Stick War 2. There are no strongest downlkad in Bloons TD Battles, players need to use it at the right time.
The Bloons Tower Defense 5 Video data. Go monkey vs monkey with other players in a battle for victory burst bloon! Fortnite: Battle Royale.Oct 11, · Btd battles x mod. Oct 09, · Ensure you only download this mod from the official website. It can be used for normal chatting, communication, or gaming but most people use it for gaming. - Seats, center mirror, shifter and dash edits modeled and done by Kane - commissioned by Ranger Rick. Not for in-game suggestions!Btd battles x10 mod download zip file " Keyword Found. Starter Pack 2. download -. 38 Mb] Bloons TD Battles MOD Unlimited Money apkBloons TD Battles Mod Game is currently rated 4. pdf duwuxixumuvenixari. Bloons TD Battles (Mod): Play the top-rated tower defense franchise in this all new head-to-head strategy game! Go monkey vs monkey with other players in a bloon-popping battle for victory!
Roblox Tower Battles exploit. After successful verification we will generate selected features for Bloons Btatles 5 Hack. BTD Battles Cheaters. Hacked and unblocked game by iHackedGames.
Bloons Tower Defense download. Bloon TD Battles Hack. Discover the best version of you - play like a professional! Created by mod creators of the bestselling Bloons TD 5, this brand new Battles. The hack is readily available online. Our hack tool works perfectly on all android, ios, windows phone and computers. Unturned 3.
In the game hack Bloons TD Battles is a fascinating storyline and mission, the fulfillment of which is the meaning of the game. Microsoft Mod Professional Plus. Download Bloons TD Battles 6. App Hacker. Shoot your way through the level and collect upgrades to prepare for a boss fight!
Shooter - Run 'n Gun. Late game vs. The difficulty determines the number of lives you start with, howMr antifun Could you update the cheats on btd 6, then infinite hearts cheat stopped working with Mr Antifun, Could you update the btd 6 trainer, the unlimited hearts causes the btd to crash to desktop.
Epic Battle Fantasy 5 download Over different enemies to fight, all with unique abilities and attack patterns. No changelog provided. Description info The amplitudinous btd of the interesting amusement is the Last Battle. Battles uploaded game: For you god of battle video game enthusiasts, it seems mandatory to use this video game.
No other hacks as they are premium content. It is much better to use it, if you don't have access to free resources that are wellBTD Battles battles. I will be using iFunbox Classic. BTD Battles Cash? The game itself is easy and not intrusive. Apr 22, am btd battles hacker i found a btd battles hacker he had like 7 sextillion play all unblocked games and hacked games on your site, we add 5 best unblocked games every day.
So I have made a little friend. And if you want a TD5 account I will give you an account with gold coins andcash. A slight tweak of its base cost, and the cost of it's X10 Service Area upgrade, should give it that bit more value. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer. Since it was first released inthe x10 has grown faster than many other titles.
The Bloons are back and better than ever!
Bloons TD Battles Mod APK: All Unlocked with Unlimited Money
The tough battles with bts, explosions will bring the classic city defense to the new high level. Have players participated in monkey battles? If not, then you should come to the game Bloons TD Battles to experience that. Play the top-rated tower defense franchise in this all new head-to-head strategy game — FREE! It is also necessary to burst all the different colored balls that will arise in your way.
This is a mini-mod that adds fireball shooting Hyper-Oliphants to Numidians. Today, seeking to enhance your web site search engine ranking can be a long and annoying headache.Download Bloons TD 6 MOD APK Latest Version and get no ads, unlimited coins, hearts and unlocked all for free. While the Dartling Gun was in BTD4 and BTD5, it came up absent in BTD6 (As of July 6, ). Let me know what hacked tower in BTD 6 you want to see next and we'll make the mod! Oct 11, · Btd battles x mod. Btd mods. STEP 2: Copy the file over to your iDevice using any of the file managers mentioned above or skip this step if you're downloading from your iDevice. how do i install btd battles alternate dimension i can download it but i cant install it.
A mod of Bloons TD Battles, this mod adds 2 more tiers on the left side and 4 more on the right side for all towers. Battle We all have our favorite games that we can play on and on for hours and it's going to be days or even weeks before we finally get tired of it.
Mods for btd6 mobile
Tower Defense Games. The IOS Mods are here to download. Download Bloons TD Battles v6. Gas and Sand. Doenload Of Apocalypse. Gather X. Like for more Bloons TD Battles! The new World War has arrived. Note: There are no mods for iOS as of January 11th, Modding is not practical, yet Even if it is do-able, as what I said on top, ppl gonna make broken towers that made game crash.
Play the full version for free. We've also reduced the price of the Overclock ability since it's less powerful than it is in BTD 5 for the same cost. Install Guides. Take me dkwnload your homepage. Bloons Tower Defense 3 Hacked.
Players need to build defense towers, constantly upgrade towers and skills, and resist intruders. Bloons Tower Defense 2. The 10X Mod. Bloons TD5. So I have made a little friend.
Btd battles hacked
Wismec Mod and Kit. Basically, this is where youSuperjombombo. BTD Battles 5 vs bloons td 5 with other players in a btd5 battleforvictory, this all new BTD Battles 5 and bloons td battles 5 are not the same in anyappin this play store we try our best hope "the best downloader for mod files!
Play the top-rated tower defense franchise in this all new head-to-head strategy game! Go monkey vs monkey with other players in a bloon-popping battle for victory! Bloons Tower Defense 3. Log into your account. Go to your steam folder, steamapps, common, bloons td battles, go to assets, move data.
Recent Updates
Other cheat codes were inspired by mods whose creators I don't know. Never spend real cash again and easily generate the valuable currencies mod this BTD Battles Hack apk. Category: Avventura. Bloons TD Battles modding. This gear is used 0 times as download full piece for the following characters: Bloons TD Battles. Bloons Tower Defense 4.
An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Actual game has around levels, which increase in difficulty as you progress. If battles doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device. Bloons TD Battles in a balloon-popping battle for victory! From the creators of best-selling Bloons TD 5, this all-new Battles recreation is specifically designed for a x10 fight, that includes 18 customized head-to-head tracks, unimaginable towers and upgrades, all-new assault and protection btd, and the power to regulate bloons instantly and ship them charging previous your Make games, stories and interactive art with Scratch.
Post Posted: Mon Jan 08, am. With this specific Bloons TD Battles Hack apk you can generate a bundle and medallions completely for free. Bloons Tower Defense It's monkey vs monkey for the first time ever - go head to head with other players in a Bloon-popping battle for victory.Bloons td battles infinite money hack
Florida, USA. This time the bloons td battles game, which is a game of legends and is currently experiencing more version updates, and of course the game is even more exciting. After using ityou will be really rich in the game. A collection of mods for Totally Accurate Battle Simulator developed by me.
It adds resource without any limits. And even then, after some time, we still return to them to experience those amazing emotions once more. Download Bloons TD 6. Keeping things short, this MOD can be used to mod the game and play with bots: we can start playing with bots just an ordinary game played on private servers.
Create Levels and Campaigns of warfare through the ages!
0 thoughts on “X10 mod btd battles download”Ron want this? I was 17 [top of postcard]
Had two of these taken in A. [unknown] the other day for
10 a piece.
Fun aren't they?
Gave the other to Pete
- Chubby
Ane
Gen
Eddie Cogull
Brother of Ma's tenant
Alfred Aiken
Filter
May - 27(?)
Picture of Pete taken in May 1918 - about a month before
he died.
Pete, Sis
Marie & Gen Kirwan
taken in Norwalk before 1918
Pete died in May 1918 auto accident
July 8/27
Ronny
Lake Ontario
Rochester
August 1935
Feb. 2, 1941
February 1942
Holiday weekend at Aunties in Conn.
Ethel Aiken Franks wife
Ma-Theresa - Elsie St. John & Harry(?) Carrey.
1-11-46
Iceland Restaurant
1680 Broadway - New York City
January 11, 1945
"Ronnie A Night I'll never forget - [unknown signature]
Hooray for "us"
Vee & Bob's wedding.
1950
My parent's wedding.
Vee & Bob Daly 1950
Ronnie Tergesen & Dot Pelletier
Vee, Gen, Ronnie, Roy, Tony & Grandpa Chief
Mrs. Shields
outside St. Patrick's
(old doors)
L.I.C [?]
(May-June 1957)
Dots 4 taken 2 1/2 years ago
Jeanne is now 11
Patty 8
Maureen 6
Michele 5
In order they are Jeanne- Michele - Patty & Maureen
Michele is the only one looks like Leo
Jeanne is the picture of Dot but a blonde
The other 3 have dark hair.
Beau Daly & Christian Tergesen
Working at Outdoor Life [?] a Typist
Fall from back porch at 244
32 stitches plus 3 days in Coney Island hospital
1963
I think Christian is on Roy's shoulders.
Loretta
Bobby Daly
To Aunt Betty and Uncle Tony
with love, Jason Christmas 1981Pulmonary Tuberculosis
Dr. Turing®️ AI-assisted DR Detection for Pulmonary Tuberculosis (TB)
Dr. Turing®️ AI-assisted DR Detection for Pulmonary Tuberculosis (TB) is a fully automatic, high-efficiency, high-precision artificial intelligence TB screening tool. Aiming at tuberculosis, a major infectious disease that seriously endangers people's health, the system makes full use of Internet technology and cloud platform to provide screening results within seconds, remote diagnosis and other services, with simple operation, stable performance and strong portability. It aims to improve the level of diagnosis and treatment of pulmonary TB, realize the screening of pulmonary tuberculosis enabled by AI technology, and benefit hospitals.
Highlights:
• High accuracy
• Batch processing of DR images
• Rapid/Remote screening
• Reduced missed diagnosis and misdiagnosis
扫描二维码分享到微信New details in Hogan sex tape case
If you listen to Bubba the Love Sponge you know the name… Matt Loyd known to many as “Spice Boy”. He was Bubba's former employee and radio sidekick.
Documents show the FBI had an interest in Spice Boy and his possible involvement in shopping around the Hogan sex tape.
Last month, we told you Hogan went to the FBI in fall of 2012 and claimed he was being extorted.
According to court documents the FBI conducted a sting and used Hogan and his attorney David Houston for their covert operation.
Attorney Anthony Rickman analyzed the case for Fox 13. "At some point in time got into the hands of some attorney in California and this attorney attempted to extort Hogan," said Rickman.
That attorney according to court documents was Keith Davidson based in Los Angeles, "a lot of time the person in the undercover sting will wear a wire," explained Rickman.
During the secret meeting Hogan's attorney handed Davidson a check for $150,000 in exchange for three DVD's and CD's.
It was no secret in the radio world Spice Boy and Bubba had a tense relationship after the sex tape was leaked.
Then in August of 2013 -- Spice Boy was fired from Cox Radio.
Some on Twitter blamed Bubba for pushing him out and Spice Boy seemed agree with the rumors tweeting: "revenge is the best revenge....right bubba? just checking..."
The FBI confirms Spice Boy is relevant to the sex tape investigation and has provided information to agents on the case.
The FBI closed the case and the U.S. Attorneys Office never filed charges.
But that doesn't mean Spice Boy and attorney Keith Davidson are off the hook.
Advertisement
The case is now being investigated by Tampa Police and they confirm it remains active.More From encyclopedia.com
Trade Name , TRADE NAME Names or designations used by companies to identify themselves and distinguish their businesses from others in the same field. Trade names… Day Trading , As one of the new economy's most popular pastimes, day trading generated intense emotions from supporters and detractors alike, and the practice was…… Commercial Revolution , ‘commercial revolution’. This preceded major industrialization by two centuries and encompassed great upsurges in overseas trade with many consequenc… Most-favored-nation Clause , most-favored-nation clause Most-Favored-Nation Principle Justus D. Doenecke and From its inception, the United States has incorporated the most-favor…
About this article
Selenium-ACE-ACEDefinition of Redefine
to change or revise something
Examples of Redefine in a sentence
The divorcing couple has decided to redefine their relationship and simply co-parent instead of being lovers.
Hoping they could redefine the way the public sees their brand, Nintendo moved from selling playing cards to being a video game giant.
The actress hoped to redefine the way her fans viewed her by moving away from chick flics and into more serious movie roles.
Other words in the Uncategorized category:
Most Searched Words (with Video)Any topic (writer’s choice)
Writing can be very challenging for ELLs. By being aware of how to scaffold instruction, we can help them acquire this domain to make themselves understood while writing. Respond to either the K-12 or adult learning questions, but not both.
To structure your writing,
Your audience will be a group of colleagues who are unfamiliar with these ideas or who need clarification and strategies to help with the presented problem.
Your role will be a well-informed teacher with knowledge of teaching ELLs.
The format is a discussion post.
The purpose is to explain the information in a way to help others.
Children or Students in a K-12 Learning Context
Adult Learning Context
Read from your primary text:
Chapter 7: Content-Area Teaching
Read:
Robertsons article Improving Writing Skills: ELLs and the Joy of Writing (n.d.)
Watch:
Acacia University (2017). Writing strategies for ESL students [Video file].
International TEFL Academys 2011 video Teaching Writing Skills in the ESL Classroom
Address the following items in your original post.
Describe some challenges with teaching writing and content in an ESL classroom.
Explain how teachers help students overcome those challenges.
Determine how teachers can help students with the vocabulary needed to write.
Defend how BICS and CALP language proficiencies can impact a students writing.
We are always aiming to provide top quality academic writing services that will surely enable you achieve your desired academic grades. Our support is round the clock![order_calculator]GrindingMill. HCQseries Grinding Mill. HLM Vertical Grinding Mill. HLMX Superfine Vertical Mill. HCH Ultrafine Grinding Mill. Raymond Mill. HC1700 Grinding Mill. Spare Parts.
QuickMill Parts Diagrams Note: These diagrams are provided as a courtesy to coffee technicians and hobbyists to help with their repair and modifiion projects. Parts found in these diagrams may not be available for sale on the site.
The Country Living Grain Mill parts store to replace as needed or just to have on hand. Checkout the Grain Mill Repair kit, grinding plates, grain mill handle and more..
mill spare parts LUDHIANA ENGINEERING WORKS Presale service: of equipment model; and manufacturing of equipment based on customers' particular requirements; training for customers; send engineer to customer's local place for site planning and workflow design. Sales tracking: acceptance; help customer protocol construction scheme.
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Grinding Mill Spare Parts Grinding Mill Spare Parts. Wet grinding mill replacement parts custom milling cmc is loed in fleetwood pa and our facility has over 35000 square feet of space for manufacturing materials production of equipment and inventory of replacement wet grinding machine parts if you have specialty mill or an old mill that is ...;
Kits, Peppermill Parts Supplies, Tools; Carbide Forstner Bit Sets – Carbide Forstner Bit Sets with hex Shanks Since the discontinuation of the Forstner bits I used on my the Making a Peppermill DVD, I have been looking for a carbide Forstner set as a replacement.
It is suitable for dry grinding ball mill, used in cement, making, construction material making and mining. The size ranged from 10mm to 140mm, with high hardness, low breakage and good wearresistance. All the grinding media provided by Sinco backed with the ISO 9001 Certifie and shipped only after passing our quality control procedures.Calvin Johnson at 6-foot-5 with 4.3 speed was the best player in this draft, and for that reason, he was not going to last long, which is why the fans of Detroit were on their feet when they heard their ugly franchise had taken him. Johnson is the best wide out on the roster right now for the Lions, which says a lot considering the money and picks they have spent over the last few seasons on wide recievers.
This is not to let Detroit off the hook by any means. They still have a ton they have to do with that roster if they are going to try and get back to even .500 in this league. They have a lot of things they have to do with the skill positions at quarterback and running back, and that is not even talking about a defense that gave up a ton of yards last season with a new head coach. For now, good move, and about the only move for Detroit, but once the honeymoon is over with Johnson, this team still has a long way to go.MUNICH -- BMW AG pledged to remain the world’s leading luxury-vehicle maker after being usurped by Mercedes-Benz in the first half, highlighting the importance of new models such as the revamped BMW 5 series coming in 2017.
The rivalry between the two carmakers is coming to a head, with Mercedes in a position of strength thanks to a lineup of new sport utility vehicles and redesigned sedans, including this year’s E class remake. The Daimler AG luxury division surpassed BMW as No. 1 in deliveries in the first half. BMW has led in annual premium sales for a decade.
“BMW will struggle to maintain the leading position by sales because they don’t have any obvious blockbusters coming this year,” said Sascha Gommel, an analyst with Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt. “That said, carmakers define ‘leading’ in a number of different ways, sometimes as it suits them.”
BMW is at a comparatively weak point in its product cycle. It’s preparing for next year’s remake of the 5-series sedan, which competes with the Mercedes E class that went on sale in March. Another challenge has been U.S. customers’ shift toward SUVs, which has led to deeper discounts on the sedans at the core of BMW’s lineup. The carmaker’s U.S. sales dropped 9 percent in the first six months, more than 9,000 vehicles behind Mercedes.
BMW has said it will focus on profitability as it invests in technology, such as self-driving features, to compete with new rivals including Uber Technologies Inc. and Tesla Motors Inc. The company has promised to introduce a car capable of driving itself by 2021, working with partners Intel Corp. and Mobileye NV, and today highlighted an 87 percent first-half increase in the sales of its electric models.
The group, which includes the BMW, Mini and Rolls-Royce brands, is “firmly intent” on remaining the world’s leading luxury-vehicle manufacturer this year, BMW said in a statement.bags., with a profit margin from carmaking between 8 percent and 10 percent.
“BMW delivered a solid result,” said Arndt Ellinghorst, an analyst for Evercore ISI in London. “It wasn’t the kind of beat we saw from the others, but there’s a lot less volatility. They’ve had 25 quarters in succession of meeting their target corridor on profitability.”
The average price of a BMW vehicle remained steady at 37,772 euros ($42,261), as momentum remained muted for the top-of-the-line 7-series sedan that went on sale in October.Registered Nurse Med PCU - Sign On Bonus
Company: MEDICAL CITY FORT WORTH
Location: Fort Worth
Posted on: November 22, 2021
Job Description:
Description
SHIFT: Days (rotating weekends)
SCHEDULE: Full-time 7a-7 supervision of the nurse manager or designee, the registered nurse provides holistic, individualized patient care in response to identified needs of the complex monitored patient. Additional functions will be performed in accordance with the AACN Standards and the Nurse Practice Act in a manner consistent with the mission of the goals of the organization. Leads in planning, directing, and implementing programs related to services line.
Please see the CNE Message, that our ECNO, Dr. Zach Mueller, was so gracious to record for us. ="
Qualifications
POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
Education and Training Experience Required
* Graduate of an accredited professional school of nursing with a minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Nursing Med PCU - Sign On Bonus, Healthcare , Fort Worth, TexasSales Manager- International Drinks E-Commerce
Specialism Account Management, B2B, Beer, Business Development, Drinks, Global sales, Sales, Spirits, Wholesale, Wine
Location London
Salary £40-60,000 (commensurate with experience) Bonus, health and other benefits
An opportunity has arisen to be a part of a very exciting new startup, a Global B2B Marketplace for Beer, Wine, Spirits, and Drinks that is disrupting and revolutionising the drinks industry. We are looking for an enthusiastic and experienced Sales Manager to join our team.
Our client is the trusted online B2B trading platform – providing security, anonymity and increased trading opportunities for brand owners, distributors and traders offering their members access to a global market of liquidity and new revenue opportunities.
The role of Sales Manager will drive new and existing business, build strong relationships with customers and building a network globally to develop future sales success.
Requirements:
- You will have strong exposure within drinks sales, FMCG or wholesale, although we will also consider applications from ambitious and motivated individuals with experience from other sectors.
- You will demonstrate strong sales skills whether that be new business or account management
- To be successful in the role of Sales Manager you will have an outgoing personality and be a great communicator who is able to influence others.
- A great communicator on all levels; conveying confidence, sincerity and professionalism, with the ability to make the complex simple
- Tenacious, with excellent attention to detail and a keen analytical mind, eager to expand the company with new sales, clients, and territories
- Able to multitask, prioritize, and manage time efficiently and work across global time zones
Candidates must be based and eligible to work in the UK
Please provide your CV (in word format) and current remuneration with your application.
Candidates meeting the brief will be contacted within 2 weeks of their application, sadly we are not always able to respond to all candidates but will do our best to do so.An evening stroll along the beach is not usually this dangerous.
Qualicum Beach man and BC Ferries captain Randal Warnock is resting up at home after being attacked by a juvenile grizzly bear while taking a stroll on a small island north of Vancouver Island near the mainland on Monday, July 17.
On his way to captain a ferry run between Bella Coola and Bella Bella, Warnock said he left Port Hardy on his boat Monday morning, and was just north of Cape Caution at about 6 p.m. when the weather started getting rough.
So he anchored his boat in Millbrook Cove, and thought he’d stretch his legs with a walk on the beach of a small island just off the coast.
He figures the wind and noise of the waves on the beach might have contributed to his accidentally startling a juvenile grizzly bear after picking up a discarded buoy to re-use.
“I turn around and like a foot away from where I picked up the buoy, a grizzly bear charged out of the bush, full bore, straight at me, and was on me within a couple of seconds,” said Warnock.
“First thing I thought was, ‘Ah sh*t, is this how it’s all going to end?’”
After not getting a good grip on his left leg, the grizzly clamped down on his right knee and started shaking him violently, he said.
“I’m yelling and screaming at him (then I) remembered I had a knife. I’ve got to protect myself somehow and fight back, so I pull my knife out but I was off balance, he was shaking me. I dropped the knife.”
But, with the bear’s face below and in front of him, Warnock decided bare hands would have to do.
“I just hauled off and punched him hard as I could right on the nose, and that stopped him,” he said.
The bear reared up and stared at him from about two feet away. When it made to lunge at him, Warnock fell backwards onto a bank, grabbed a log and tried to hurl it at the bear, but it slipped and dropped between them, he said. But that was enough. The bear turned and ran away.
From there, Warnock said he hobbled back to his skiff, dripping blood, got back to his boat and bandaged himself up.
Knowing that the area has little to no radio reception, he travelled about an hour to get a radio signal and contact the coast guard.
John Millman, a Maritime Co-ordinator at the Joint Rescue Co-ordination Centre in Victoria, said the centre got the call from Victoria Coast Guard Radio North, and sent two vessels out to get him. By about 9 p.m., the coast guard reached Warnock, one vessel taking him aboard and medevacing him to Port Hardy, the other taking control of his vessel on his behalf to pilot it back.
The most painful part of the whole ordeal was the stitches and cleaning of his wounds, said Warnock, adding doctors were done with him by about 3 a.m.
Warnock returned home to Qualicum Beach Thursday evening, and said he’s expected to make a full recovery and have full use of his leg.
Overall, he said, it’s “not too bad compared to what it could have been … I feel very lucky.”
Asked if he has a takeaway from all of this, he said he’ll be on the lookout for bears in the future, carry bear spray, and stay away from remote mainland beaches on the north coast, especially ones near salmon rivers..
We've Increased Traffic By 110% In As Little As 14 days
We are experts at creating, managing and promoting high performance websites. Search Engine Optimization, Content Marketing and Social Media Marketing are the cornerstones of what we do each and every day.
Our formula takes hard work. And it’s one of the fastest ways we’ve discovered to quickly grow your organic traffic.
Take A Step Up, You Deserve It
With the experience to make every part of your project more successful, and a support team excited to help you.
See Our Recipe
We enjoy adapting our strategies to offer every client the best solutions that are at the forefront of the industry.
Top Rankings To Skyrocket Your Business
Most business just throw away money on advertising towards people not even interested in what they have to offer. The best businesses have customers pounding on their doors wanting their services. Our lead generation services will have customers calling you, wanting your business.
You Think It,
We Can Design It
Branding your business on the web is what we love to do. We know how to build an online presence to attract the masses. Can’t handle too much? We will tailor a campaign specifically to your needs. Whether you have the latest and greatest invention, a storefront business or a local fundraising project, we can get your business in front of your audience.
Get A Little Personal,
Get A Little More Sales
No matter the creative image in your head we can turn it to reality. Whether you’re looking for a new appealing logo, custom website, or background for your social media profiles, our expert graphic design team can make it happen. No templates… everything is 100% custom & unique.
Gain Instant Credibility From National & Local News Media Oulets
We do it all. Specializing with internet marketing we can run targeted marketing campaigns through online media outlets receiving millions of visitors daily. We can handle every online aspect of your business leaving you with only one job to do… your work. We’ll help you find new customers while you satisfy your existing ones.
At Your Customer’s Fingertips
With search engines now giving priority ranking to mobile-friendly websites we make sure every project we design has mobile users in mind. We also can also set up nationwide or local mobile & SMS marketing campaigns for your business to help increase exposure.
Named The #1 Way To Advertise
Our in-house copywriters have extensive background, working closely with news media outlets, magazines and film . We know how to influence your customer to take action and our Video Editors can create a masterpiece to evoke emotion in your customers to create a need and desire for your product or service.
Get Actionable SEO Tips Via Your E-mail
Our SEO & digital marketing strategists will put together an actionable plan to strengthen your presence among customers.
Grow Your Business And Draw More Customers
1200+
happy clients
25+
years of experience
What They Are SayingThe Food and Drugs Authority (FDA), has recalled South African manufactured fruit juice, Ceres 100% Apple Juice from the market.
It comes after confirmation from the International Food Safety Network (INFOSAN) and manufacturer of the product Pioneer Foods Groceries Limited that the fruit juice contain levels of mycotoxin-patulin higher than the regulatory threshold.
According to the FDA most of the affected batches of the Ceres 100% Apple Juice have been successfully retrieved .
It says its market surveillance team is working hard to have all the affected batches of the fruit juice removed from the Ghanaian market.
The Authority is however urging consumers in possession of the Ceres 100% Apple Juice to return the product to the Authority or importer of the product, Transmed Ghana Limited.
Fred DzakpataUnfortunately, as common as the Chromebook is, it has one big setback: it is not compatible with USB-only printers. This means that, unlike having a Windows machine or a macOS notebook, you can't buy whatever printer you want if you have a Chromebook. You have to connect your computer to Google Cloud Print and share the printer with you to print with your Chromebook, which makes this a very specific market.
Thankfully, however, as Chromebooks have become so popular, increasing the availability of compatible Chromebook printers also has increased. Here are a few of today's best Chromebook printers on the market.
HP ENVY 5055 - $99
About this printer
- $0
- Spend less on ink and never run out – With optional HP Instant Ink, you get ink automatically ordered by your wireless printer and delivered to your door for as low as $0
Epson Expression Premium XP-6000 - $189
About this printer
- Save time print 4-inch x 6-inch photos in as fast as 15 seconds.
- Superior photo quality with 5 color inks print stunning photos up to 8-inch x 10 inches, plus sharp text for eye-catching documents
- Fast print speeds 15.8 ISO ppm (black) and 11.3 ISO ppm (color)
- Convenient, hassle-free features auto 2-sided printing, built-in USB and memory card slots, and 2.4-inch color LCD and touch panel
- Versatile printing dedicated photo and DVD trays
- Ultimate wireless easy iPad, iPhone, Android tablet and smartphone printing; includes WiFi Direct!
Canon 2986C002 PIXMA TS6220 - $329
About this printer
- Inspire your creativity with prints that will impress; From stunning photographs to detailed documents, put the 5 Color Individual Ink System to work and never compromise on speed or quality
- Enjoy the simplicity of connecting your smartphone, tablet, and all your favorite devices with ease; With IFTTT (IF This Then That) support, use various web services/applications to automate printing
- The PIXMA TS6220 wireless printer is the All In One that fits perfectly anywhere in the home, is simple to use, and delivers outstanding quality results every time
- Connectivity Technology: USB, Bluetooth
[sv slug="post-signature"]
[shortcode-variables slug="connect"]This is one group of cells we are programmed to despise. We celebrate HEART HEALTH, BONE HEALTH, BRAIN AWARENESS ….. but, pretty sure you’ve never been invited to a day marking FAT CELL APPRECIATION DAY.
Of course, in the natural scheme of things – being well endowed is a turn on, a secret sign prophesying abundance and reproductive success.
But……….. not so much in modern man.
Fat cells are to blame
It is not just a matter of aesthetics, the excessively endowed are metabolically challenged, they’ve got metabolic syndrome, aka they’re insulin resistant. Ironically, the health issues stemming from this metabolic condition, include reproductive difficulties. Go figure.
Officially………… fat cells are to blame.
The story goes
You ate too much and exercised too little – filling up your fat cells to a point, where they were overfull. One day, your overfull fat cells decided enough is enough and so they refused to store any more of your excess calories. When your fat cells shut up shop…………. you became insulin resistant. Just stop eating and get off the couch and everything will be ALL RIGHT.
Anomalies are genetic aberrations
Now truth be told – there are fat people who are insulin sensitive and thin people, who are insulin resistant, so the pattern does not always hold i.e. you don’t always eat yourself into this condition.
To explain the anomalies……….as some kind of genetic aberration.
But fat cells are more than storage cupboards – they are the equivalent of an organ in your body i.e. they are a heart or a liver. They’re influencing multiple aspects of your physiology, including baby making, wound healing and hair growth. I’ll tell you this story in an upcoming post.
Healthy fat cells are critical
And in people who are insulin resistant – they’re not so healthy, for starters, they’re typically surrounded by a posse of immune cells and their membranes are wonky.
The immune cells are in a tizz – fighting “BAD GUYS”, which seem to be imaginary, possibly figments of your fat cells imagination.
But what if the bad guys are REAL, we’re just not SEEING them ?
Fat cells caught in a war zone ?
Researchers from University of Iowa have used a little wizardry to create fat cells that live “forever”, something that “normal” fat cells don’t do. And something that is required if you want to study fat cells in a lab.
The team then exposed these “live forever” fat cells, to superantigens, a toxin routinely produced by the Staphylococcus aureus bacteria. S.aureus is a bacteria that lives on human skin, not everyone has it, but lots of us do, and it seems to like setting up shop in people who are overweight and suffering from diabetes. It has a reputation for causing trouble, because it is often resistant to the antibiotic methicillin, causing very serious infections, it is also responsible for toxic shock syndrome and endocarditis.
Fat cells going about their daily business could encounter this bacterial toxin. These researchers discovered, when they do – it is an upsetting experience.
Inflammatory storm
Setting in motion a panic attack…… in this study, the fat cells released chemicals which stoked the inflammatory fireworks.
This panic attack is STRESSFUL, so it more than likely contributes to insulin resistance in general, but also blocks wound healing, an issue for diabetics. It is worth noting, diabetic foot ulcers, the sores that never heal and often result in amputations, are infections in which S.aureus plays a starring role.
Cut your fat cells some slack
When you glance at yourself in the mirror, assuming you’re not too afraid…
- do you call your fat cells out, maybe even call them derogatory names ?
- do you fantasize that a fairy god mother will fly in and extract them all ?
The trouble might not be them, the trouble may be the neighbourhood in which they’re living. You’ve got bad body chemistry and they’re taking strain. Luckily, small things can make a big difference to the neighbourhood.
Sign up for our free course, 31 days to Better Body Chemistry and begin the journey today.
Further readingG46 case comes in either a natural aluminium or painted matt black aluminium finish. With a 46 litre capacity, it can be used as either a top case or side case (compatible with PL_ and PLR_ side frames).
Also available in 30 lt
Note: cannot be fitted onto plates with an installed electrical contact for a stop light kitNEW YORK BICYCLE ACCIDENT ATTORNEYS
Millions Recovered For Clients
Free Consultation
Serving Bike Injury Victims Since 1986
No Fees Unless We Win
Maximum Compensation $$$
Get Your Bike Fixed or Replaced
Get Your Medical Bills Paid For
Hablo Español
Bicycle Accident Lawyers In Westchester County, NY Since 1986
.
Keith J. Ahlers - Founding Partner
New York Bike Accidents Attorney Serving Westchester County Since 1986
Curan & Ahlers is a bicycle accident law firm that has been helping bike accident victims throughout New York, including Westchester County, White Plains, Yonkers, Mount Vernon, New Rochelle, Ossining, and the surrounding area since 1986.
When you contact a bicycle accident lawyer at Curan & Ahlers, you will experience expertly trained bike accident lawyers ready to help you or a loved one suffering from a bike crash related injury. We'll schedule a free consultation to discuss your accident. A bike wreck in New York could be a life-altering event. Our New York bicycle accident attorneys are here to help you make the best decision possible to secure your future and recover from the injuries.
If you’ve been injured in any way call us at (914) 428-3313 for a no-cost, no-obligation consultation.
What are the different bicycle injuries our bike crash lawyers can help with?
We can help you no matter what injury you suffered in a bike wreck or other accident. We have experience dealing with a wide range of bicycle accident injuries, including:
Broken bones
Neck injury
Head injury
Chest injury
Paralysis
Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
Burns
Road Rash
Spinal cord injury
Back injury
Fracture
Lacerations
And More
The Statute of Limitations For New York Bike Accident Lawsuits is three years from the date of your injury. Do not hesitate to reach out to a New York bicycle accident attorney at Curan & Ahlers today!.
What Could Cause A Bike Accident In New York?
According to the NHTSA, the six most common causes of bike accidents are:
Hit by a car (30 percent)
Fell (17 percent)
Roadway not in good repair (13 percent)
Rider error (13 percent)
Crashed/ collision with fixed object (7 percent)
Dog ran out (4 percent)
What should you do when you are involved in a bike crash in New York?
In the event of a New York bike accident or crash, you should do the following:
Make sure the scene is safe.
Seek medical attention if necessary.
Call the police, wait for them to arrive, and complete an accident report.
Never negotiate with the other parties to the crash
Obtain contact information from other parties in the crash
Obtain witness contact info and statements
Document what happened. You can take photos with your phone and take notes.
Make sure the police take your report.
Preserve evidence, like your broken bike and any medical bills.
Call the bike accident attorney at Curan & Ahlers.
Curan & Ahlers: Bicycle Accident Attorney New York
If you were involved in a bike accident, car accident, truck accident, motorcycle accident, or some other motor vehicle accident and suffered significant damages or were injured, you should contact a personal injury attorney. Curan &an & Ahlers can handle cases throughout New York. Contact our team of expert lawyers that are ready to listen and fight for you today.
FREE CONSULTATION
Curan & Ahlers LLP
Bicycle Accident Lawyer New York
14 Mamaroneck Ave.
White Plains, New York 10601
Local: 914-428-3313
National: 800.585.3314Originating from a good manufacturer and having properly adjusted parameters is not enough for the refrigerating unit to operate properly and properly perform its cooling function, as well as to control its moisture level. Proper assembly is equally important here. That is why our company, CLIMA-LINE, which is one of the most commonly selected companies in the refrigeration industry in Katowice, despite appliances, offers also assembly of refrigerating units.
Choosing the right refrigeration appliance is not an easy task. One needs to start with his or her own expectations about an appliance and plan a location for it. This is particularly important because proper assembly of refrigerating units can be significantly impeded due to mismatching sizes of a machine to the size of a room. Unfortunately, sometimes it is necessary to disassemble the device and re-mount it at the destination - then it is advisable to opt for a refrigerating unit that has been designed to facilitate disassembly. The space provided for an appliance should be large enough for the specialist to easily connect the whole refrigeration system. The process of assembly of refrigeration units will be carried out smoothly and efficiently if it is done by experienced staff familiar with industrial refrigeration. For this reason, it is important to trust highly qualified CLIMA-LINE staff, who carries out installation of appliances and offers also service and repair of refrigerating units in Katowice and the surrounding area. If you are interested in service, please visit the Service tab.
CLIMA LINE is a company that has been operating in the industrial refrigeration industry for many years. A great deal of experience gained has resulted in continued improvement of the ability to provide solutions tailored to each individual customer's needs - in line with modern solutions emerging on the market. The company uses only state-of-the-art technology to ensure that its quality of service is very high. In case of any problems linked to selecting a refrigeration appliance for a room, a hall, a cold room or a freezing room, CLIMA-LINE serves you with professional advice and assistance during your purchases. Thanks to the support of the company’s employees, you will surely be able to choose a device suitable for your space and its subsequent purpose.Emmenecker sandwich no match for Molly Schuyler
Veni, vacuumum, vici. She came, she ate, she conquered (with apologies to Julius Caesar).
Competitive eater Molly Schuyler now has the "Emmenecker Challenge" record at all six of Jethro's locations in the metro. She demolished not only 5 pounds of food, but her own Emmenecker Challenge record of 4 minutes and 50 seconds. On Saturday, at the West Des Moines Jethro's she ate her way through the gargantuan sandwich — pork tenderloin, Angus steak burger, Texas brisket, applewood bacon, fried cheese, buffalo chicken tenders, cheddar cheese and white cheddar sauce — and a pound of tater tots in a jaw-dropping (and stomach-churning) 2 minutes and 55 seconds.
Bruce Gerleman, owner of the Jethro's restaurants, had a hard time expressing what it was like to see it all happen before his very eyes. "It was...um...unbelievable. There's...um...not even...I can't even think of an adjective that describes it...I just... ."
Mike Holms, who works with Gerleman, described it like this: "It was somewhere on the borderline of awe-strikingly awesome and disgusting." He was standing at the back of the packed restaurant and caught the moment — well, the seconds anyway — when Schuyler was working on the half-pound of brisket. "She ate that part in about 5 seconds!" he said.
Saturday's event also brought two brave (nutso?) souls, both of whom participate regularly in eating challenges. Ethan Teske came all the way from Mankato, Minn., to take on Schuyler, and D.J. Bacon (not even kidding) traveled from north of Ames. Bacon, who Gerleman described as a "big guy" was unable to finish his sandwich within the allowed 15 minutes (which means he had to shell out $24.95 for it). Teske squeaked through in 14:58. Valiant, but vanquished by a 130-pound mother of four.
On Sunday, Jethro's and Schuyler teamed up to attempt to land in the Guinness Book of World Records for the fastest consumption of 5 pounds of bacon. Currently, there is no category for this, but the event was filmed, the bacon carefully weighed on a certified scale and the application sent off to the Guinness office for verification. Schuyler ate the 5 pounds in 5 minutes and 2 seconds. Gerleman said Schuyler seemed to be happy with that, but told him that she thought she could probably do it even faster.
So what's next? "Well, she already has the record in all six Jethro's," Gerleman said. "I guess we're probably not going to do anything until we open another Jethro's."
Of course, depending on what Guinness decides, there might be a bacon-eating record to be broken... .Public transport connection between Gyumri, Nzhdeh Avenue and Dilijan, Bus Station. Check out the departure times in the current Bus timetable. Departure times from station Gyumri, Nzhdeh Avenue are in the local time. Thank you for riding public transport.
How do I get from Gyumri to Dilijan?
The best way to get from Gyumri to Dilijan without a car is by bus which takes approximately 3h 11min.
Is there a direct bus between Gyumri and Dilijan?
Unfortunately, there isn't any direct service. You can take bus departing from Gyumri, Nzhdeh Avenue, change in Gyumri or Vanadzor or Spitak or Ijevan and arriving in Dilijan. The journey takes more than 3h 11min.
Can I travel internationally to Dilijan?
Some border closures are in place due to COVID-19 pandemic. Most travel to Armenia is restricted. For more information visit the Official COVID-19 Site for Armenia.